
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 01-02|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-01-02|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<i>This novelette is coming about because my wife reads these types of stories. She buys them on Amazon, and I know about them because I then get "recommended reading for me" from Amazon, with similar themes. My wife is a totally rational human being who would never, ever, in a million years, enjoy the reality, but loves the fantasy. We've played a little with bondage and she's enjoyed it because it's controlled and with someone she trusts. I still wonder why she enjoys these particular books. Given that, I wrote this; a play on the fantasy. I will put it in the novel/novelette category, because it will contain a little of everything, but it's primarily BDSM, similar to World's Best Diet Plan, loving people playing games. These two chapters are primarily introduction, without much in the way of sex about them, although masturbation is included. This is a fantasy and not a reality. Because it is a fantasy, STD's don't exist. I'm not advocating unsafe sex. As a change of pace, it's written from both people's point of view.</i>

<b>A Taste of Slavery

Ch. 1 - Scott Catches Me Reading My Sexy Romances</b>

JULIA

"What are you reading now?" Scott asked.

Scott was my husband of ten years. He had just caught me engaged in one of my guilty pleasures, reading erotic romance novels. More than erotic, steamy really. Scott is tall, surfer boy handsome and fit. He has his own residential construction business and often worked with his men, which meant he was a man's man as well as a woman's. I loved him immensely and was not looking to upgrade. For that matter, he was more romantic than I was, still giving me flowers on special occasions and celebrating Valentine's Week, not Valentine's Day. He helped with the household chores, rubbed my feet or my back if they hurt, and was the best lover I've ever had. Still, I did enjoy my romances. I handed him the book.

"A reverse harem romance," he read aloud. "What's a reverse harem?" He asked.

"A reverse harem is one where there are many men satisfying one woman, instead of many women for one man; a harem in reverse," I informed him.

He continued reading the publicity blurb on the back of the book. "'I was a virgin when the earth was captured in an interstellar war. I was stripped, enslaved and auctioned off to ten alien warriors who helped subdue our world. I was claimed and ravished in the most reprehensible ways imaginable. They set about mastering my maiden body and instructing me what it means to belong to them absolutely. They bought me to use me, but in my heart I know they would protect me with their lives.' Ten men, huh?" He asked. "Does this titillate you?"

"I enjoy them, yes, otherwise I wouldn't read them. It's a fantasy. Ten would be far too many for me. One is plenty. I'm quite happy with you."

"Do you masturbate to these?" Scott asked.

"Sometimes," I admitted.

"So, what's the allure. Why multiple men?"

Scott could drive me crazy with his questions sometimes. It was a guilty pleasure, not an expectation. 

"Well, think about it," I said. "To think a single man can satisfy multiple women is unrealistic. Men have to reload, so's to speak, after having sex. He'd be lucky to satisfy two women realistically. A woman could easily satisfy many men if she was willing. There's no reloading required. One finishes, another one takes his place."

"Ahh, biology, the differences between men and women. Still, ten is awfully high. A woman can only satisfy three men at once, unless she uses her hands as well, then maybe five."

"But the five would still need to reload. It still leaves five who can take care of her needs until they do."

"So, you're imagining it would take ten men to satisfy you sexually?" Scott asked.

"No. It's a fantasy, Scott. I have you and you do plenty to satisfy me. Have you ever heard me complain about our sex life?"

"Can't say I have."

"Because I don't need seven men when one good one will do. In reality, this one is more my speed." I handed him another book I planned to start next.

He started reading, "'Trained by the Emperor's Guard. First she was captured, now he will train her. When aliens raid Earth's first colony on Mars, scientist Abigail Weller is taken captive. Upon regaining consciousness aboard a strange interstellar vessel, Abigail is informed that she will be trained her to serve the alien emperor. She will learn all the ways her body can be debauched to serve her future master. Further, any refusal to obey orders will be punished harshly. Abigail earns a bare bottom spanking within moments of meeting her trainer. She soon learns there are more humiliating ways for a misbehaving human female to be reminded of her place on her knees before her Master. As her nude body is displayed and stimulated, Abigail finds herself quivering with impotent need and begging to be claimed as thoroughly as he pleases. As they get closer to the ruling planet, she realizes she wants no one but the Imperial Guard who has claimed her heart.' Mmmm; a spanking. Is that something else that fuels your fantasies?"

"Not really. Again, merely a fantasy. I'm not looking for you to spank me, thank you very much. I suppose I wonder what it would be like, but not enough to want to have one. It sounds like it hurts to me, and you know I don't do all that well with pain. Stubbing my toe is a major crisis. Sure, I sometimes wonder what it would be like to be a sex slave. Not like being kidnapped and forced to work in a bordello or something, but to be owned by one masterful man. Of course, in the books, they describe the sex slave's orgasms as earth shattering, ocean pounding and pussy melting; cataclysmic and cosmic fireworks going off."

"And yours are what?" Scott asked. "Little waves and fireworks fizzles?"

"Scott," I warned. "Don't piss me off. My orgasms with you are the best I've ever had. They are not earthquake quality, but I doubt anyone's really are. Again, fantasy. These writers are paid to make us believe in unbelievable bliss. I sincerely question unbelievable bliss exists in reality. Just because I enjoy reading about this, doesn't mean I'm missing something in my own life. I'm happy and content. Don't make it sound like I'm not. You enjoy the movie Avatar. Does that mean you want to go to some alien planet, run through trees, and mate with blue skinned natives?"

"If they wore as little clothing as Zoe Saldana does and I could do the whole mind meld thing with the pigtail, sign me up."

"So, if I'm reading this right, you'd gladly kick me out of bed if you could mate with semi-naked, blue skinned Zoe Saldanas?"

"Well, I'd prefer to have you both, but if I had to kick one of you out of bed, adios muchacha."

I hit him, a love tap really, because I knew he was kidding, and aimed a well earned "asshole" his way.

"Your fantasies are no more realistic than my own," I said. "Maybe less so. I'm depending on an alien race to kidnap me and turn me into a sex slave, you're depending on Zoe Saldana to have sex with you."

"Burn. Touché, Julia."

"Not that she wouldn't enjoy sex with you, Scott. I'm perfectly happy with what I've got. Good luck convincing her you're the man for her."

"You mind if I keep this for awhile and read it? I want to see what's driving your fantasy life."

"Sure. I still have to finish this one, but don't get any crazy ideas. I'm not looking for some Tarzan to drop me in the jungle and have his way with me. It is a fantasy only, mister, fantasy only."

"No problem."

SCOTT

I'd always known Julia read romances and I'd even read some of them myself. Though in the past, it was brooding nobles and innocent maidens, seductive rakes and penniless governesses. This was the first time I'd ever heard of reverse harems, multiple men and singular women. That was a bit off the beaten path. And sex slavery, stripped and sold, spanked and tormented. This was not her usual fare as I was aware of it. I wondered what was causing her to migrate to these instead of the ones she used to read. Was there something wrong with our sex life I was blind to? This sounded much rougher than her past reading material.

Julia was tall, 5-9, blonde like me, hair to the middle of her back; legs down to there, lovely, soft, C cup breasts with nipples that became hard easily and were very sensitive and a perfect, round, athletic ass you could bounce a quarter off. She worked out doing Yoga, a spin class, aerobics and light weights several days a week to stay in shape, plus often swam laps in our pool.

It took me a couple days to get through the book and I returned it to her. I didn't say anything about it, but I did start looking at other books she'd been reading. Our bookshelves were full of them. There was definitely a similarity in theme. Some were humanoid space aliens, some cowboys in the women starved West, some mountain men with Indian women, men shipwrecked with single women, werewolves with their mates. A lot of them featured multiple male partners, and the ones that didn't, often showed women in sexual bondage, captured, stripped, sold and tamed. I even discovered she'd read some of the Gor books by John Norman. The Gor books were less explicit in the sexual descriptions, using things like slave kiss and slave orgasm to discuss the sex, but more brutal in the way it portrayed the slavery. The more recent books usually had an element of romance, with the heroine finding love while in her slavery. Norman's books were more interested in portraying the naturalness of female slavery compared to the female equality practiced on earth. It wasn't a woman finding her love through slavery, but her love in slavery. She loved the slavery itself, not her owner. Some owners were better than others, but being a slave was her raison d'être, her reason to be, not the person who owned her. 

It turned out these types of books were really popular, especially among female readers. Not so much the Gor books. They were male fantasies. The others were doing well on Amazon. So were the ones she used to read, but this was a popular new category of books. I wondered if we men were doing the wrong things if our women were fantasizing about this stuff. Sure it was fantasy, but it was a more brutal fantasy than I would have expected, a rape fantasy, in effect, where the woman comes to love her rapist or rapists. Rape was not something I imagined most women would care to experience in real life. So why so much in their imaginations? Not enough excitement in their lives? Was Norman correct in some of his assumptions; that submission to strong males was an inherently natural trait, bred into our lizard brains over tens, if not hundreds, of thousand years and the last five hundred or thousand years was an aberration our forebrains hadn't yet worked out a way to overcome? It raised a lot of questions. I actually found a quasi-scientific study from Playboy magazine in the seventies which theorized a lot of what went on in humans was still tied to the evolutionary pre-history involving things like chemicals in our brains, hormones, pheromones and other subtle factors that skipped the logic centers of rational thought, making thinking secondary to chemicals.

Still, it did start some ideas percolating in my head. If this was something Julia enjoyed fantasizing, could I do something to allow her to live the fantasy without having to undergo the reality. It might be fun on my part too. I wouldn't mind being the Masterful Slave Master she imagined in her fantasies. The one to ring her bell, to bend her to my will, turn her into my little sex slave. I contemplated what I might do to allow her to live her fantasy. 

I saw Julia had purchased another four book series about space aliens capturing humans. They were more reverse harem novels. She was currently reading the second book. I interrupted her reading one day. 

"What if you could find out what sex slavery was all about without actually having to be captured by space aliens?"

"What do you mean?" Julia said, her hackles going up and preparing for a battle.

"What if you could find out what it would be like to be someone's sex slave for a brief period of time, without the rigors of having to be an actual sex slave? You would be required to submit to someone for that time, but when it's over, it's over. You get to go back to being Julia again, suburban housewife, and not permanently remain someone's slave wench?"

"Oh. And I suppose I would be your sex slave for this time? Good one, Scott. Nice try."

"Well, unless you don't think I could be masterful enough and have someone else in mind. I mean, you know me and that I'd never do anything to really harm you. Yeah, I could spank you, but would I spank you as hard as someone who didn't love you?"

She was about to say something in retort, but paused for a moment.

"Like for a day or something?" Julia asked

"I think it would have to be longer than a day. Anyone can tolerate a lot for a single day, so it would have to be for some longer period of time. I was thinking maybe three weeks to really understand and comprehend what it would be like to be someone's sex slave. Less than that and you're just playing games. We could negotiate some ground rules ahead of time so all expectations are laid out. Just throwing it out there for consideration. No need to make any decisions now. Think about it and tell me what you think in a week or so. Might be your only chance to discover if earth shattering, ocean pounding, tidal wave, pussy melting orgasms really exist or if the writers are blowing smoke up your skirt."

I left her there with her mouth agape and went outside to mow the lawn and let her steam for awhile in her own juices. I was pleasantly surprised to peek in our bedroom window a half hour later and see her fingers working her pussy into a lather. Maybe my idea might bear fruit sometime in the future. Either that or her book was really, really good. I smiled.

******

<b>A Taste of Slavery

Ch. 2 - Julia Considers Scott's Offer</b>

JULIA

It was absurd, wasn't it? What an idea; to voluntarily submit myself to the sexual whims of Scott for three weeks. I started to read again, but I couldn't concentrate on the words in front of me. Three weeks wasn't that long. It would be a chance to experience some of what I'd read about and fantasized about for years. And Scott did love me and wouldn't do anything to harm me. Speaking of pussy melting, I could feel myself become wet as I sat here thinking about it, becoming Scott's sexual plaything for three weeks. I'm sure he'd have me doing things I tended to avoid ordinarily, like swallowing when I gave him a blow job, or anal sex, a thing I'd only done once on our fifth anniversary when I was more than a little drunk. Still it was only three weeks. How bad could it get?

God, I had to go into the bedroom and masturbate after twenty minutes, unable to think about anything else. I quickly frigged myself to two orgasms and rather tasty ones at that. There'd have to be some rules, of course. I don't know what he had in mind when he suggested it, but I certainly had my own ideas of what he could get away with. Just thinking about the rules I had to cum again. Come on, Julia. Put it out of your head. You don't have to decide right now. Let logic dictate your actions. Think about it for awhile, come up with some rules, negotiate. After you establish some rules, think about it some more. There's no rush. I wondered what he had in mind. Could this take our already good sex life and send it to another level? Fuck! I had to cum again. Calm down. Breathe.

I finally got enough control over myself to make supper. I didn't say anything to Scott. It was still too early; but we had great sex later that night. It wasn't an earthquake, but maybe the precursor tremors or aftershocks.

The following day, my very good friend and neighbor, Lisa McManus, came over to see me. She and her husband, Jack, had divorced about a year ago. Lisa said that they had just grown apart, having sex less and less as time went on. Jack eventually had an affair leading to their divorce. I had no idea why they stopped having sex. Lisa was cute as a bug, around 5-7 tall, pale skin, dark hair, great figure. Why Jack stopped having sex with her was a mystery to both Scott and I. It's not as if Jack wasn't a bit of a stud muffin either. He wasn't quite as tall as Scott, but he was a pretty tight package. There was no accounting for taste I guess. The woman Jack was with now was half the woman Lisa was, though she was five years younger. Lisa had been hit on a number of times since her divorce and she'd had a couple of brief flings, but nothing stuck, so she was unencumbered. Neither of us had to work, so we spent a lot of time together. Lisa was thirty-five, I was thirty-one and Scott was eighteen months older than I was.

I told Lisa what Scott suggested to me; that I could experience what it was like to be a sex slave for three weeks to see if the dreams nourished by my books was close to the reality. 

"Sounds sexy," Lisa said. "Are you going to do it?"

"I don't know. Just thinking about it last night made me masturbate to orgasm four times, and the sex last night was toe curling. You know how much I enjoy those fantasies. But I admit, I'm scared. It's a big leap from my imagination to reality."

"I sometimes wonder if Jack and I didn't let our marriage stagnate by not doing more adventurous things once in awhile. How's the sex normally?" Lisa asked

"The sex is good. Scott's a considerate lover and tries to ensure I have a good time. We don't bungle in the jungle as much as we did when we were newlyweds, but we still have sex once or twice a week."

"I wish I was getting it once or twice a week. I suspect if Scott has you agreeing to this, it will be more like once or twice a day."

My pussy got damp thinking about it. 

"So how long do you have to decide?" Lisa asked.

"He told me to think about it for a week or so and we could negotiate the rules. I'd expect there'll be lots of nudity, and maybe some things I'm not normally willing to do."

"What don't you like to do?"

"I don't like to swallow during oral sex and I don't do anal. I tried it once on our fifth anniversary when I was really drunk and it was mostly painful."

"Drunk is not the way you want to do anal," Lisa said. "You need to build up to it a little, and some control is required so the man doesn't pound you like a tent stake. Drunk is not good when control is needed. Plus, most men don't cum as quickly when they're drunk so they last longer. Not good if you're taking it up the Hershey highway. Don't you find not swallowing to be a lot messier? I mean, unless you have a rag handy, he's going to spray it all over the bed, or you."

"I usually have to change the sheets after doing oral," I admitted. "Do you do anal?" I asked, intrigued to know this about my friend.

"I've been known to surrender the poop chute. I don't do it often, but I tend to enjoy it when I do. I usually have an enema if I plan on doing it. It's a lot cleaner that way. Otherwise, it's nice to have a wet washcloth handy to clean the cock afterward."

"Why the hell did Jack divorce you?" I asked. "You sound much more adventurous than I do in the bedroom."

"Hey, I don't have the answer to that one. If I did, I wouldn't be divorced, would I? What kind of rules are you considering?"

"No sex with anyone else, obviously. Sounds too risky for my marriage. I suspect Scott wouldn't want me having sex with anyone else anyway, but better safe than sorry."

"Kind of defeats the point of sex slavery, doesn't it? You're reading stuff about being sold to multiple men. Isn't it part of your fantasy to be used by more than one?"

"You and Scott both? I can't believe you. It's a fantasy. Doesn't mean I want it for real."

"I'm kind of a 'where there's smoke, there's fire' kind of girl. If you think about it, doesn't it give you a tingle to think multiple men could use you?"
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
Oh, she was so right. I had the tingle now. Still, I couldn't imagine Scott would allow me to have sex with other men. To the best of my knowledge, he took his marital vows very seriously, and I'd never had reason to think he ever did more than look at another woman. "I doubt it will be in his rules for my slavery," I said.

"You don't know what his rules are yet, do you?" Lisa asked.

"No. If I think I want to do it, we'll sit down and negotiate. He hasn't said anything about his expectations. It sounded like he wanted to do it for me; to let me play out my fantasies, though I know he's thinking of maybe playing out some of his own. I know he's read some of the stuff I've been reading to see what's going on in my imagination. That scares me a little, him knowing what I've been reading. I'm thinking he might have some very powerful triggers aimed straight at my pussy."

"That can't be all bad," Lisa said. "I wish someone had some aimed straight at mine."

"Do you have any ideas for rules I might want to impose if I choose to go through with this?"

"Well, if you're not used to anal sex, you might want to negotiate for your ass to be prepared."

"Prepared how?" I asked.

"For him to use progressively larger butt plugs for three or four days to stretch your anus out and get you used to having something in your rectum. It's what I did before engaging in anal sex."

We talked a little longer about what some of my rules should be. Like every day for the next three days. Every day after we finished talking, I was in my bedroom with my vibrator, taking the edge off. More and more, I was thinking I'd like to try this, but I was still scared. Scared not so much I wouldn't be able to get through three weeks, but maybe I'd want more than three weeks. What would happen to my marriage then?

SCOTT

About a week after I first suggested it, I received a text at work from Julia saying she'd like to discuss what rules I had in mind for her slavery, if she decided to go through with it. I'd already prepared a written list of rules I was considering, drawn up after consulting with the source material in her books. 

There was one thing I was having a problem with. I knew at least some of her fantasies revolved around multiple men using her. Letting her have sex with other men would be hard. This swirling blackness filled my head every time I tried to imagine her with anyone else, and it wasn't pretty. It was not one of my fantasies to see my beautiful wife having sex with other guys. 

Let's face it, if she ever had sex with someone outside our marriage under normal circumstances, I'd divorce her in a heartbeat, no matter how much I loved her, and I loved her to the moon and back. I'd always questioned the stories of men who didn't care if their wives slept with other men, and even enjoyed watching them do it. So, I wasn't fond of imagining her with someone else. On the other hand, I'd offered to let her live her fantasies, even if at the same time, I would be living some of my own. I'd gone back and forth on it a dozen times, usually changing my mind a half dozen times in just a few hours. 

She also knew how I felt about it. We'd discussed it a few times prior to being married; how I expected fidelity from the person I married, and I'd never told her any different. I'd added it to the list and removed it over and over. Other than that, my list was done, subject only to negotiation. 

I did one more thing before I went home. I went to a store that sold bondage stuff, bought a lovely leather collar and matching cuffs for her wrists and ankles. It was more a wish than an expectation, but it was how I planned she could make her decision known.

We had supper as usual, cleaned up the kitchen and then sat down at the kitchen table.

"I am considering doing this," Julia said, "but I want to know what your rules would be before I make up my mind."

I handed her my list. She started reading through it aloud.

"'The slave will begin her day by orally pleasuring her owner. Whether she wears any clothes that day will depend upon whether she swallows his cum. The clothes will be chosen the night before by her owner.' Does that mean if I choose to go nude, I don't have to swallow?"

"It does. I won't force you to swallow, but if you don't, you'll go naked. Your clothes will be sexy regardless. I would like my slaves to be available, shall we say. No underwear or bra, no pants, just dresses or skirts; whatever makes you immediately ready. I want to be able to bend you over and fuck you on the spot without moving clothes out of the way." Her eyes widened a little.

"So if I chose to do my grocery shopping on-line and let them deliver, I wouldn't have to dress that day?"

"Yes," I said. "But you'd have to answer the door naked when the delivery man arrived. Same thing for repairmen, UPS drivers, police officers, your parents or mine if they happened to drop by. You will be naked for the day."

Julia nodded thoughtfully. She recognized I was trying to get her to swallow more frequently when we had oral sex.

"If I realize I made a mistake by not swallowing, is there a way to negate my nudity later?" Julia asked.

"Item number two," I pointed to the list.

"'If the slave wishes to wear clothes at a later time in the day, she can change her status by submitting to a twenty swat spanking on her bare bottom, and fellating her owner to orgasm, swallowing this time. The clothes won't be those she could have worn earlier. They will be briefer and sexier, perhaps sheer or topless. The slave will have lost her opportunity to be more decently dressed.' That's fairly harsh, isn't it?"

"I don't think so. You had your chance first thing in the morning. This is a second chance. Second chances are rarely as good as the first. Keep going."

"'The slaves orgasms belong to her owner. She is not allowed to orgasm without the knowledge and permission of her owner. She is not allowed to touch herself or bring herself to orgasm unless her owner allows it.' No masturbating, huh."

"Not unless I order you to masturbate. If you orgasm without permission, you will be subject to punishment, thirty swats."

"How difficult will it be to obtain permission?" Julia asked. "I mean if I really need to cum, will you refuse your permission just to punish me?"

"Interesting question," I replied. "Usually, I will ask you to wait no more than two minutes past the time you ask, but under some circumstances, where I'm close to climaxing myself, I might ask you to wait until I orgasm, but it shouldn't usually be more than three minutes. It's probably too difficult to tell if it would be longer than that. I usually have a pretty good idea of how close I am. I don't know if I could be more precise than that."

She nodded and looked back at the list. "This one is interesting. 'You will learn some basic slave positions and assume them upon the instant command of any free person.' I assume you mean non-slave. 'You will be punished any time you do not immediately assume the position ordered, no matter who is present or your state of dress or who gives the order.' So if Lisa is here and she orders me into a position, I must assume it."

"That's correct. If you're naked because you chose not to swallow and there are other people present, you will still assume your position, no matter how lewd it is or how embarrassed you are by it, and failure to comply will be a punishable offense, thirty swats."

"I think I can live with that, but I'd need to know what the positions are first. Can you show me what they are?"

"Of course," I said. "Stand up and I'll show you the four I intend to use."

Julia stood up. "The first is the display position, and the command will be 'Display' and which is what I will use to show off your body to its very best, whether just for my pleasure or for the enjoyment of another. Put your feet a little more than shoulder width apart." She spread them. I nudged them a little further apart. "You will stand up with your back straight, your chest thrown out, your chin up and turned slightly to the side, and your hands clasped behind your neck." She followed my instructions. "As you can see, all of your attributes are open for inspection. Your arms pull your breasts up and make them stand out. You will hold that position even if your body is being caressed or inspected." I rubbed my hands over her bottom and her boobs and she shivered. I wondered how wet she was right now, though I wasn't planning to check, yet.

"The next one is the standard slave kneeling position in which the command will be 'kneel'. You will assume this position if I or some other person gives the command. You'll kneel down on the floor with your knees spread wide so your sex is available for my touch or merely to watch. Your back will be straight and hands behind your head exactly as in the display position, except your head will face forward, and your mouth will open to accept the cock of your owner, if he chooses to use it." She followed my directions, assuming the position I placed her in. I had to spread her knees a little wider and make her mouth open slightly wider.

"The next position is a variation of the kneeling position, which I'll call 'Sex Position'. You lean forward from the kneeling position, placing your crossed hands over the top of your head, with your head on the ground, keeping your knees wide and your ass up. Your owner can then use either of the two holes thus presented. Essentially, I want to have sex with every part of you."

"Stop for a moment, Scott. Lisa brought up something while I discussed this with her. She said if you wish to take me anally, it would be better if I were prepared slowly for it. I won't deny you the pleasure of my bottom, but I'd like to be eased into it."

"How?"

"She suggested a series of increasingly larger butt plugs over the course of three or four days to accustom my ass to being stretched and to having something penetrate me. She said at the end of that time, I should be ready for whatever you wish."

"That sounds like an excellent idea," I said. "I would be willing to alter my rules to allow for this. Now get in that position so you can see what it's like." She got in the sex position, and other than getting her to cross her arms in front of her, she did it well. Of course, we frequently enjoyed sex doggie style, so other than her arms, not much changed from that. 

"The last command is really two in one," I said. "'Tie Down' or 'Tie Up'. If given the 'Tie Down' command, you'll go immediately into a variation a variation of 'Sex Position', lying flat, face down with your legs crossed for binding. Both your wrists and ankles can easily be secured in this position. 'Tie Up', you'll be on your back with your arms and legs spread eagled, ready to be tied that way. Show me both of them. 'Tie Down'" She was already in the Sex Position. All she had to do was lower her hips to the floor and cross her legs. "Tie Up". She flipped over and spread her arms and legs. "Very good, dear. You shouldn't have any trouble remembering those, should you?"

"No."

"Are any of those too demanding or difficult for you to accomplish?" I asked.

"I don't believe so. How long do I have to get into position?"

"A couple seconds should be sufficient, wouldn't you agree."

"Two seconds seems reasonable."

"Why don't you get up and continue with the list."

Julia got off the floor and sat down at the table, picking up the list again.

"'Your owner has the right to tie or confine you as he chooses. He may use ropes, chains, straps, stocks, cages, or other common bondage gear to accomplish his goal of confinement. These will be used to restrain her preparatory to sex, or punishment, or simply for his pleasure. This confinement will not include withholding of food, bathroom privileges, or anything the slave needs to provide for normal creature comforts. She will have as a minimum, a pad or pillow to sleep on. The temperature will never be so cold the slave would be uncomfortable naked.' I hadn't thought about the temperature angle. I'm glad you thought of it."

"You're welcome," I replied.

"The owner may also use sexual devices on the slave, such as dildos, vibrators, nipple clamps, and other normally accepted sexual tools and accessories. The owner may not use other non-normal items in a sexual way such as broom handles, bottles, candles, etc.' That's something else I hadn't considered. So you won't use food items, such as cucumbers or whatever on me?"

"No. I'm sure we'll have plenty of other items we can use without going into the strange and possibly unsanitary. We'll have to add butt plugs to the list as you wish them to prepare your bottom."

Julia hand wrote butt plugs on the list. "Nipple clamps. You know how sensitive my nipples are."

"Exactly the reason I wish to use them," I said.

"In order to ensure they don't hurt too much, I'd like to be able to try them ahead of time. If they're too painful, I'd like to delete them from the list."

"I consider that a reasonable request I will be glad to honor."

"That's all you have on your list. I'd like to ask a few questions if I may."

"Of course, everything is on the table."

"Do you intend to display me naked to other people?"

"Not out in public. It would only be someplace where your nudity would not cause riots, accidents, or for you or me to be arrested. You are a sex slave after all and your beauty and my good fortune should be shared. You have the ability to dress in something sexy each morning. I intend to keep you naked most of the time when I'm home. Your clothing would only be for when others are over or for going out in public. What clothing you have to wear when others are around is partly up to you. You should expect to be seen naked by others at times. As far as I'm concerned, you're not a sex slave if you're always clothed."

Julia shivered a little again, considering my words. "Would you use me in front of others?"

"It's possible, but not as a regular occurrence. To some extent, it might depend on you. Have you been obedient to my wishes, done everything I've asked. Do you need to be punished. From what I've seen from your reading material, part of what makes up the experience of a sex slave is she is subject to use at any time her owner wishes, whether in private or not. I believe you should undergo the entire experience."

Julia shivered again. She now knew she might be having sex in front of others.

"Do you have any conditions you wished placed on your slavery?" I asked.

"I would like a safe word. If I use the safe word, whatever you're doing must immediately stop."

"That's not unreasonable," I said, "provided you don't use it willy nilly anytime you're a little uncomfortable. It should be used for those times when you consider the pain unbearable, or where you feel if we were to proceed, it could mean the end of our marriage. Essentially, you want the whole thing to stop, because you can't stand it anymore and wish the experience to end, totally."

"Could I have two words then? One where I want only the current activity to stop, and one for the experience to end."

"Of course. It's a sound idea. What words would you like to use?"

"Alpha, to stop a particular activity. Omega to end it all."

"I would suggest that you give up reading sex slavery romances if you use Omega. You've determined it's not as sexy and romantic as you thought it was. What else?" I asked.

"I don't want to be forced to have sex with other people."

"Perfectly understandable. I will never force you into having sex with anyone else." I took a deep breath. I couldn't believe I was saying this. "However, you might be offered to someone else as a choice which you can make. The choice would be to have some form of sexual contact with another person, or something else, which won't be sexual. For example, you could be offered the choice to suck another persons cock, to escape some other activity or punishment of a non-sexual nature. The choice would be yours. No one else would make it for you or push you either way. You wouldn't be forced into it, but it might be the more acceptable alternative to you."

"You would want me to have sex with someone else, Scott? We've talked about this before. You told me you'd divorce me if I ever strayed from our marriage."

"And I still would, under normal circumstances. This is something which gave me the most trouble when I was considering your possible slavery during the past week. In sex slavery, the slave doesn't have a choice in whom they serve. I want you to have as close to the experience as I can give you for this period of time. In a sense, you aren't choosing sex with another person, I'm making that choice for you, so you're not responsible, I am. But I still want there to be some choice. If doing something with another person is totally abhorrent to you, you can choose not to do it. But it could be the better alternative for you at that moment. If it is, I won't hold you responsible for the choice. You're following the instructions of your owner, me. Obviously, once your slavery is over, all the normal rules apply. I expect your usual fidelity. I'm not looking forward to you possibly engaging in sexual activity with someone else, but I'm not going to fault you in the slightest should it be your choice to make it when faced with a choice."

"Do you really believe it's possible for you to ignore what happens and not blame me? If you're giving me a choice and don't want to see me having sex with someone, then if I chose it, it was my choice, because I could always have picked the alternative. You can still blame me for not choosing the alternative."

"The alternatives won't be easy. I'm not giving you easy choices. Let's say, for example, you made a bad choice in the morning, thinking you were willing to go naked all day. But your parents decide to come over. The normal way to escape being naked in front of your parents is to submit to a twenty swat spanking and fellate me to an orgasm and swallow. Now, you could do this in front of your parents, thereby giving you your clothes, although still sexier than your first choice that morning. But, I could offer you the choice of giving Jerry a blow job the next time he came over. Now your choices are, stay naked in front of your parents, submit to a spanking and blow job with me in front of your parents, or Jerry at some later time. Which would you choose?"

"Thanks a lot. Those are three wonderful choices. Stay naked in front of my father, have sex with you in front of my parents after receiving a spanking and still wearing something provocative or sheer, or blow Jerry at some later time. All of them suck."

"Exactly. None of them are exactly palatable. Which would you choose? You're a sex slave and those are your choices."

"Couldn't I get my spanking and do your blow job in the bedroom away from my parents?"

"Theoretically, it's my choice when and where you're punished and have sex. And, you'll still end up wearing something provocative in front of your father, say something transparent on top, or even topless. Your real choice ended when you chose what you did in the morning. Now you're faced with this. What do you choose?"

"If it was just my mother, I'd probably go naked. With my father there, shit, probably blowing Jerry at a later date."

"Faced with those choices, I'd have a hard time faulting you for choosing Jerry. If it were my parents, I might choose blowing Jerry. It's a hard choice to make. And given them, I couldn't blame you for your choice. All of them are bad, but if you want to experience the life of a sex slave, it could be one you have to make."

"If we decide to do this, I think I'm going to call my folks and tell them what we're doing and under no circumstances are they to drop in on us."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"I might do the same with mine. It's only one possible example. There could clearly be other things which could happen and you're faced with similar, equally unappealing choices. The final choice is yours, but I'm not going to be critical of any choice you make."

"Jesus, Scott. I can't believe you're actually talking about me having sex with anyone else."

"Like I said. This was the toughest thing I had to decide, but I'm willing to give you the closest possible experience to actual sex slavery. After we're done, you may decide it isn't wise filling your head with these ideas. Reality is rarely as pretty as fantasy."

"I need to think about this some more. This is going to be tougher than I thought."

"Of course. I would be disappointed if you didn't take as much time as you need to make a reasonable choice for yourself." 

I got up and went to the package I set on the couch when I came in. I brought it back to the table and pulled out the collar, then the cuffs.

"If you choose to continue with this, you have only to put this collar on and I'll know you've chosen to be a sex slave for three weeks."

"Would the slavery start as soon as I put the collar on?" Julia asked.

"No. I'd prefer to take off at least part of the first week of your slavery until we've gotten into the rhythm of it. It will take about a week to arrange some time off. Your slavery would start on Friday before my time off. That would give us several days together before I have to return to work. You'd still be a slave while I'm at work, but your days would be relatively easier once I go back. I'd expect you to wear the collar as a reminder of your choice until the slavery starts."

"What do you expect to get out of this if we decide to proceed?" Julia asked.

I smiled at her. "I expect to fuck you ragged."

Julia shivered again.

JULIA

After our discussion, Scott took a shower and went to sleep. I lay beside him listening to his relaxed breathing, thinking about Scott's proposed rules. The fact Scott even hinted I might be having sex with someone else shocked hell out of me. When he said it would be my choice, I thought it was some kind of test or trap, trying to determine if I would remain faithful to him. The suggested example he gave me threw me though. Would he really give me a choice between remaining naked in front of my parents and sex with another person? It was a horrid example, and one I hoped would never come true. I really would need to ensure by parents never unexpectedly dropped in. 

I suppose it was the worst example he could have given me to test the boundaries of what I'd consider to avoid sex with another man, but he must have other examples that would test my willingness to consider sex with someone else, otherwise, why mention it. If it was my choice, I could always choose the other option, but he knew there might be other options as unbearable to me. Maybe the whole dressing thing was a trap. If I swallowed every morning, I would always have something to wear, even if it was something sexier than normal. Playing games with swallowing his cum might be what gets me in trouble; thinking I'm safe to go nude one day and then a repairman coming over. 

It wasn't as if I didn't love sucking Scott's cock. I did. And the flavor of his cum was on the mild side when I'd tasted it; kind of bland, not too salty, maybe a hint of sweet, but the texture is what did me in. Men's cum was slimy, like raw oysters, and I'd never liked slimy. I couldn't stand oysters, nor escargots, which even cooked seemed slimy to me. Cum was on the thick side with a gooey, sticky, clingy quality to it. I didn't mind the cock itself, nor even the pre-cum, but the cum made me get a queasy feeling when it filled my mouth. I tried to avoid it as much as possible. Even getting it on my hands made me want to scrub them. No matter how much I knew he loved it when I swallowed, it was only a few times a year I could actually do it. 

It was a sly trick on his part, saying I didn't have to, but having consequences if I didn't. He knew I'd want to avoid it, but I might think the consequences were the worse choice. Even receiving a twenty swat spanking was something I'd truly like to avoid. Slimy or spanking, neither a wonderful choice. How hard would he strike me. Would my bottom be sore for days, hours or minutes? 

He was right. I was titillated by my choice of romances. Even the descriptions of the shame, the punishment, the humiliation wasn't enough to deter me from reading them. To be honest, they aroused me, but why. Was it because I secretly wished the same for myself or only because it was happening to someone else, a fictional person who didn't even exist? But to a certain extent, horrible things like the events in my books, happened to real people every day. I was outraged at human trafficking and forced sex in real life, but craved it in my fantasies. Was it a sign of sickness? 

Of course, I could always refuse to participate, say I didn't want to risk it, exploring what it would be like being a sex slave. But heavens, even the thoughts flooding my mind as I'd considered his proposal the last few days had dialed up my libido to uncomfortable levels. I was frequently aroused, either masturbating or attacking Scott when he got home from work. As Scott discussed what the rules would be and he'd shown me the various slave positions, my pussy juiced to the point I shoved my panties to the bottom of my clothes hamper so he wouldn't notice how wet they were, the soggy spot my overactive imagination put there. I wanted to cum now, to relieve the itch built up since supper. If it wasn't so late and Scott didn't have to get up so early, I would have jumped his bones before he nodded off. Rather than wake him to take care of my suddenly rampant needs, I furtively slipped my fingers down to my slit and slowly jilled myself off, cumming with a heavy sigh and slick, sex scented fingers.

Showing the list to Lisa the next day, we discussed the meanings of all of the rules, including the hand written changes I'd made as we negotiated. 

"Scott said you might be having sex with another person? That doesn't sound like Scott," she said when I showed her the last item I'd scrawled on the list. "He'd make you do that?"

"Not force me into anything. The choice would be mine but it could be a near impossible choice. The example he gave was a surprise visit by my parents while I was his naked slave and remaining naked in front of them, or perhaps choosing to have sex with someone else to avoid that choice."

"And he wouldn't be upset if you made that choice?"

"I wondered the same thing. If maybe this is a test he's giving me. He said he wouldn't hold me responsible because he has ultimate control, but he wants to give me the full sex slave experience, where I have no choice. He says it won't be no choice, but a difficult choice. He seems to trust me. He's never given me little tests to see what I'd do before, but it is confusing. I know how he feels about infidelity. He's made it very clear. I think he is intrigued to see if I'm really into the sex slave experience or it's idle speculation on my part."

"What about you?" Julia asked. "How would you feel if you had sex with someone else?"

"It scares me," I admitted. "I've never wanted to have sex with anyone else, and I don't want to do anything to damage my marriage, but imagining I can be used by anyone in control is very arousing to me. To a certain extent, I'd almost feel better if he told me 'you will have sex with this person', but making complicated choices is worse. Now the ball is in my court and I'll be deciding. I asked him what he expects to get out of this test and he said he expects to fuck me ragged. I almost climaxed on the spot. While he was sleeping last night, I rubbed myself to orgasm I was so wound up."

"So, are you going to do it?" Lisa asked.

"I don't know. I'm still trying to decide. I'm wavering between what I expect to be extremely sexually rewarding and total fear."

"It sounds totally hot to me, but I'm not getting any, so almost everything involving sex is hot to me now."

******

That night, I talked to Scott some more, naked in bed. I twirled a lock of his hair in my fingers and said, "I'm worried, dear."

"About what, honey?"

"I wonder if you're trying to give me some test regarding my commitment to you and our marriage. If I somehow make the wrong choices, our marriage will be over."

"That's not my intent, Julia. This is not a marital quiz show. I'll be honest with you. It makes me nervous thinking of you with someone else. I believe I'm capable of handling it, acting in a calm, rational and responsible manner if you make a hard choice. But I also realize no one truly knows what they will think or feel or respond to a traumatic occurrence. If I got sick and faced death, I'd like to think I'd face it bravely and with dignity, but until it happens, I don't really know. This is like that. I believe the control is in my hands. To a certain extent, I have control over the choices you face. Because that control lies with me, I should feel better about whatever outcome you choose. I forced the choice on you. If you were sleeping around on your own volition, I would be deeply hurt. If I've created the possibility myself, I believe it won't be as damaging to me personally and our relationship. 

"What I'm trying to do is let you realize if the reality would match your fantasies. The fantasy requires a more fluid relationship than marriage does. It's not as if I'm going to say, 'sleep with that guy', 'now sleep with that one', and 'now that one'. I don't want to farm you out like a prostitute and I intend to primarily make use of you myself. But I must admit if I want to give you an authentic experience, you are subject to having sex with others. I want to let you know what it's like to be displayed naked before other people, to be sold, to have all control removed from you. It is what you're imagining when you read those books."

"So you don't believe it will alter our normal relationship, but you're not totally positive it wouldn't."

"Yes. You've captured my dilemma in a nutshell. It's why I wavered back and forth on the issue. I don't want to do any damage to our marriage, and I don't believe it will, but it isn't without risks. Perhaps none of the choices you make take that step, but I expect some of them will be extremely challenging. I'm willing to take this risk on behalf of our exploring your fantasy life, if you want to. The question is, do you?"

"Can I say that the thought of it is driving me wild. I'm so horny now, I want to fuck you all the time. At the same time, I'm scared. I'm afraid reality won't match up to the fantasy. Or I'll hurt you if I choose wrong. I never want to hurt you." 

I reached down and touched his cock and he was fairly hard, probably aroused by our discussion as well.

He said, "Then it's important we communicate very well with one another during this. We should take a few minutes each day to explore what the other one is feeling and how they're doing and if we're both still all right to continue. Maybe take a little longer each week to see where we stand on everything. It won't be just you with the ability to call an Omega. I'll be able to do so as well."

"You've allayed some of my fears, Scott. Thank you."

"Do you plan on going ahead then."

"I still haven't totally made up my mind, but with our conversation tonight, I'm leaning in that direction. Right now, I just want to have sex. I'm so wet and turned on right now."

"Oooh. Let me check for myself," Scott laughed. His hand slipped down and cupped my mound. "You're not kidding. I don't know if I've ever felt you so wet."

"Enter me now. Fuck me, Scott. I'll cum in a heartbeat if you do." 

He did and I did, moaning for him within seconds of his splitting my folds with his hard shaft. I orgasmed four times before I felt his hot sperm shoot into my belly. If my sex slavery was half again as good as our sex tonight was, I would love it.

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 03|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-03|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<i>Scott begins planning as Julia seems willing to go forward with her sex slavery. This chapter contains oral sex, sexual intercourse, bondage and discipline, masturbation, and implied lesbian sex. No STD's in this fantasy world. </i>

<b>Ch 3 - Scott Begins to Plan</b>

SCOTT

It sounded more and more as if Julia would choose to proceed. If she did, I should be prepared. I thought again about what I contemplated, and what pitfalls might be expected. I loved Julia more than anything and never wanted harm to come to her. So, no matter what happened, I needed to ensure she couldn't or wouldn't be hurt. I checked the internet and found a woman who advertised herself as a dominatrix. I contacted her.

"Hello, Mistress Dark, speaking."

"Hi, my name is Scott and my wife and I are considering letting her explore a brief period of sexual slavery."

"Do you want me to take over her training?"

"Uh, no. I want to be her owner/dominant, but not knowing anything about it but what little I've read in popular fiction, I need to learn more so I don't inadvertently do anything which might harm her in any way. I'd like you to give me some pointers before we start, because it looks like she's going to go through with it."

"I can help with that. When would you like to start?"

"Soon. I have a job so evenings are best unless you can give me some time this weekend."

"It won't take long. I have an opening this evening."

"What time?"

"Seven, and plan to be here for about two hours."

"I'll be there. Do I need to bring anything?"

"Your money. My time is $150 an hour. Cash or debit card, no checks, no credit cards."

"I'll need your address."

She gave it to me. I called Julia and told her I wouldn't be home after work today. I was meeting with someone to teach me how to be her owner if she decided to accept her sexual slavery.

"Who are you meeting?"

"A woman known as Mistress Dark. She said it would take a couple hours and she'd help me get started."

"You'll have to tell me about it later."

"Of course. Do you think you'll want to have sex as much as you did last last night?"

"It's entirely possible."

"Then I'll give you a blow by blow with color commentary."

"Goodbye, Scott."

"Goodbye, honey."

At seven, after grabbing a quick bite, I showed up on Mistress Dark's doorstep, with $500 cash I'd pulled from the ATM. She lived in a very nice neighborhood not dissimilar to mine. A naked woman answered the door and invited me in when I told her my name.

"Mistress is expecting you. Follow me please."

She was a little on the heavier side, but not unpleasing to look at, so I happily followed her to the rear of the house. Her bottom was streaked with red welts; seven or eight, she was moving too quickly to count. She opened a door to a large room with subdued lighting, with a number of cages, posts, and furniture I couldn't guess the purpose of. There were whips hanging on the walls, rods or canes neatly organized in little bins, shelves filled with dildos and vibrators of nearly every description. There was a male in a tiny cage on the floor, lapping up some food off a plate, a bowl of water beside it. There was a lovely, very naked young woman hanging spread eagle from hooks on the walls and floor. The woman from the website I identified as Mistress Dark was pinching her nipples, pulling them out before she clipped nipple clamps on them. The woman moaned as they went on. I felt myself becoming hard. It was quite erotic in a perverse sort of way. The woman leading me dropped to her knees beside Mistress Dark.

"Your seven o'clock appointment is here, Mistress."

"Thank you, Slut. Kiss my cunt and go stand in the corner until I call for you."

The plump girl kissed Mistress Dark's sex, which was covered with a leather g-string, then stood and moved to a corner where she stood facing the wall. Mistress Dark shook my hand.

"Scott is it?"

"Yes."

"I'd like to ask you a few questions if I may before we get started."

"Of course."

"Your wife becoming your sex slave, do you expect this to become permanent or is this a temporary thing?"

"I doubt it will become permanent. She likes to read erotic books and I offered to allow her to experience the things she reads about in her books for three weeks to see if the reality was similar to her imagination."

"What kinds of books?"

"Reverse harem, women captured and sold as slaves, that kind of thing."

"She's aroused by these?"

"Yes, it's why I've offered her the experience."

"She may like it more than you expect then," Mistress Dark said. "Don't be surprised if she wants to make it a fairly regular if not a permanent thing. People who are intrigued by the thought of submission, often find they love it when they finally submit. Do you intend to punish her?"

"Spankings, at least," I replied, "confinement of some type, shame or humiliation based upon nudity and/or punishment in the presence of others."

"Have you considered whips?" Mistress Dark asked.

"I don't want to harm her," I replied.

"A whip can be less harmful than a spanking by a firm hand. It may sting more in the moment, but the sensations may dissipate sooner. I think you should have one. Seeing a whip in your hand is great for your slave to see, even if she gives you no cause to use it. Rose," she said to the woman hanging beside us. "Which do do you prefer being used on you, in order from best to worst."

Rose responded, "Wide stranded whip, narrow stranded whip, hand, paddles, Enforcer, cane, Mistress."

"Slut, what about you?" She asked the woman in the corner.

"The same, Mistress, though I would add the rubbery, knotted whip to the end of the list."

"You're the only one who's displeased me enough to earn that whip, Slut."

"Yes, Mistress. I'll do better, Mistress."

"The marks on her bottom now; what are they from?"

"A cane."

"I'd prefer not to mark my wife up."

"I'd suggest your hand, because it's very easy to comprehend how hard you're hitting her; your hand feels it as much as her bottom does. Also, a medium width stranded whip, which I will show you how to use, and the Enforcer, which is a type of paddle. None of them will leave marks past a few hours. Even if you use them before you go to bed, nothing but the faintest redness will remain in the morning, if anything." 

"I defer to your wisdom and knowledge, Mistress Dark."

"I can sell you what you need. You might be able to purchase similar items for slightly less on the web, but my quality is unmatched." I nodded. "Are you going to force her to fuck other people?"

"Not force, but I plan to put her in positions where one of the alternatives would be sexual acts with others and it might be the alternative she chooses."

"Including women?"

"I hadn't thought of incorporating women."

"You should. If she's a slave, she's a slave, and she should have sex with anyone her owner desires for her to. Has she ever been with a woman before?" 

"Not to my knowledge."

"Good! As a slave owner, you want to push her boundaries and not let her remain in her constricted little corner. Can and does she deep throat."

"No. She's a very talented cock sucker, but she can't get all of me down. My biggest problem is she's reluctant to swallow. I'm hoping to break her of that little habit while she's my slave."

"Is it the taste of cum that bothers her?"

"She says it's the texture, the sliminess. She likens it to raw oysters which she can't eat either."

"I could help you with both of those things."

"I'd appreciate any suggestions you might give me."

"I've got something which is very good in training new slaves. I'll show you how to effectively overcome her distaste of swallowing. For deep throating, I'd recommend having me over as soon as her slavery starts. I'll have her taking all of you in no time. Instead of paying me, I'd accept payment in the form of allowing me to teach her to lick cunt. I love to turn neophytes into experienced cunt lickers."

"Let me think about that," I said. 

"Of course. Will you be using nipple clamps on your slave?"

"I want to, but she wanted me to test them first on her nipples before approving the use of clamps. Her nipples are very sensitive."

"So are Roses, aren't they, dear slave?" Roses nipples were purple and distended, the clamps squeezing them to half their normal width.

"Yes, Mistress."

"In fact, I think these should come off now, don't you, slave."

"Yes, Mistress."

Mistress Dark released the clamps and Rose groaned.

"Putting them on is always less painful than removing them depending upon how tight they are," Mistress Dark said. "They squeeze the blood out of them and when they're removed, the blood comes rushing back with a burst of pain, don't they dear?"

"Yes, Mistress," Rose moaned as Mistress Dark rubbed the tips of the purple nubbins.

"These are simple alligator clamps like electricians use. They have these sharp teeth, but won't tear the skin, but provide an added edge. To start, I have some simple box clamps without any teeth. They exert pressure only." 

She showed me a set and how they worked. You twisted screws at the top and bottom and the sides drew closer together. 

"Very seldom do you want clamps on much longer than fifteen minutes. I suggest setting a timer so you don't forget until you're accustomed to using them. The blood needs to circulate freely, like removing a tourniquet occasionally. You might also alternate the pressure from the sides to top and bottom."

I'd had first aid training, so was familiar with the concept. 

"Do you have any bondage furniture?"

"Not yet. I was thinking of making my own. I'm a building contractor."

"At the very least," Mistress Dark said, "I recommend a St. Andrews cross like this one here. Come here, Slut, so you can demonstrate for me."

"Yes, Mistress." Slut left her corner and trotted over to the St. Andrews cross, kind of a big X. Mistress Dark fastened her to the cross face down, demonstrating with a cane how open the backside was. Two more welts appeared on Rose's bottom. Then she released her and fastened her with her back to the cross and took out a whip and began striking her large size boobs, stomach and even her pubic area. 

"You can suspend them right side up or upside down if the cross is sturdy enough, but you'll need suspension cuffs, not the usual bondage cuffs. They provide more support for the foot and wrists and won't cut off circulation."

She continued striking Slut. "Doesn't that hurt horribly?" I asked.

"Slut, does it hurt?"

"Yes, Mistress," Slut groaned.

"Do you want me to stop?"

"No, Mistress."

"Do you want to cum?"

"Please, Mistress."

Mistress Dark swatted her a few more times with the whip, putting stripes all over her skin, none of them welting; ending with a swish up between her legs and Slut moaned in an obvious orgasm. I was surprised.

"Slut is a bit of a pain slut," Mistress Dark explained. "Not quite a masochist, but she does enjoy her pain, don't you Slut?"

"Yes, Mistress." Her body was still quivering. Mistress Dark stuck two fingers into Slut's pussy and fucked her with them a couple minutes, extending her orgasm. When she pulled them out, she put them in Slut's mouth to let her lick them clean.

"Always make your slaves clean up after themselves, whether it's your fingers, or your cock," she said. "I'd also recommend a good pillory with an adjustable height. It's good for punishment or fucking and sucking. Like this one over here." 

Mistress Dark released Slut and led her to some wooden stocks, putting her head and hands through and fastening them down. The base had the function of keeping her legs spread. Dark lowered the head and hands piece until her head was at my hip level.

"Do you want to try her mouth. Slut is an excellent cock sucker."

"No, thanks anyway."

"Aren't you planning on fucking others in front of your slave?"

"I wasn't planning on it."

"You don't want your slaves becoming complacent and thinking they can't be replaced. Knowing someone else might gain your favor if she doesn't perform perfectly is a good way to maximize her performance."

"She's still my wife, and will likely be a temporary sex slave only. I wasn't planning on fucking anyone else."

"But you'll allow her to fuck others?"

"She may choose that option, but it will be because I forced her to make the choice. In a sense, the control is mine. If I fuck someone else, it won't be because she had control. I will be committing an act of infidelity, and I'd prefer not to do so."

"Uh-huh. To each his own. Lastly, I'd recommend you place a number of these eye bolts at various locations around the house, allowing you to suspend your slave or confine her wherever you wish. If you don't want to make it obvious what they're for, you can hang plants or other items from them when they aren't being used. Ones on the floor can also be hidden. A good set of spreader bars can also come in handy." 

Mistress Dark left Slut in the stocks and picked out another whip. "This is the one I'd recommend for you. The leather strips aren't too thin, nor too wide. They're also on the shorter side which provides more control than a longer whip would. Control is important when you're starting out. Let's try it out on Rose."

"You want me to whip Rose?" I asked.

"Under my direction, yes." She handed me the whip.

The handle was about nine inches long, with a thong to secure it to the wrist, the lashes around eighteen and they were about a quarter inch or so wide. Mistress Dark went to one of the shelves and got one of the dildos. She showed it to me. It had straps to hold it in place which would go around the waist and legs. The dildo was about six inches long, five inches insertable, one and a half wide, and had a flange or piece going over the front to stimulate the clit. 

She handed it to me. "This is one of the things you'll use to train your wife to swallow. I'll explain how later. For now, you're going to place it on Rose. When you're starting out, it's always a good idea to arouse your slave. The endorphins released when they're aroused helps suppress pain. Put it in her please."

I had to undo the straps to get them around her waist and legs since she was still secured spread eagle from the hooks. When I inserted the dildo into her pussy, I apologized.

Mistress Dark swatted Rose's backside, hard. Rose flinched.

"Never, ever apologize to a slave," she said. "You're the Master, the owner. You can do no wrong. If you've hurt your slave more than you intended, you can give them pleasure to ease the pain, but don't apologize. It doesn't matter if it's your slave or someone else's. You're in charge and never forget it. You didn't even hurt Rose. You were apologizing for using her cunt. Her cunt belongs to her Mistress, me, and I gave you permission to use it."

I nodded. After I'd put the thing on Rose, Mistress Dark showed me her phone app which is how she controlled the device. 

"I'm going to just turn it on and let Rose cum all she wants. I don't normally do so, do I Rose?"

"No, Mistress."

"Let Rose kiss the whip. A slave should always kiss the instrument of her punishment, including your hand if you spank her." I let Rose kiss the lashes. "Get behind Rose, Scott, and then I want you to strike your arm or your leg with the whip until you don't think you could stand it any harder. Remember how hard that is."

Since I had pants on, I hit my forearm, lightly at first until I saw how much it hurt, then increasingly harder until I reached the point she discussed. 

"Okay," I said when I stopped, "this is it."

"That's how hard you're going to hit Rose, to start. She can tolerate more pain than you just did. She's not quite as tolerant as Slut is, but she's accustomed to worse. It will also be where you start with your slave. If you can tolerate it, so can she. In fact, I'm reasonably certain women have much more pain tolerance than men, or they wouldn't have babies. You'll also always start with the back, particularly her ass. If Rose and Slut are common indicators, they can tolerate the hardest strokes on their buttocks, slightly less on their thighs and back, even less than that on their stomachs, less than the stomach on their breasts, and the least hard on their cunts. Would you agree, Rose?"

"Yes, Mistress." Rose was starting to moan from the dildo in her pussy.

"So, start on the buttocks, as hard as you hit yourself, then slowly increase the strength until she responds in some way, either flinching more, groaning, yelping in pain, or even by the color of the stripes you're leaving. I often have to judge Slut's strokes by color. She rarely makes any sounds but moaning in pleasure."

I struck Rose's bottom. She started moaning in orgasm, squirming wildly.

"Did I do that?" I asked.

"No, that was the device in her cunt. Mere happenstance she climaxed at the same time. You barely hit her. She may not have even felt it since she was cumming. Do it again, harder."

I whipped her bottom again, and she was still reacting to her orgasm; I didn't see her flinch at all. I started increasing the strength of my strokes, a little harder each time until Rose flinched when I hit her.

"Stop there for a moment," Mistress Dark said. "She's getting a nice color to her ass. You can probably keep going indefinitely as long as you don't make it any darker. Now I want you to do the backs of her legs and her back itself. Take something off the stroke as she will be more sensitive in both of those places, gradually increase the stroke until she responds in some way."

I did as she suggested, going both above and below Rose's bottom. She was squirming delightfully and I was enjoying myself. I stopped when she noticeably flinched when I hit her thighs.

"Very good. Now step around to the front and starting with her stomach, do the same thing."

Rose was a good looking young woman with high peaked breasts, a slim waist, lovely thighs and a lovely bare pussy. I was harder than a rock using the whip on her. I did her stomach, stopping when she reacted, not realizing she was cumming again, then starting when I heard her moaning and her pussy fluids running down her legs. Eventually, she reacted to the whip and Mistress Dark had me start on her breasts. To a certain extent, she flinched every time the lash landed on her breasts, but M/D kept me going until the movement was more substantial and accompanied by a pained whimper.

"You'd normally stop there when whipping her breasts. We're going to do her cunt next. Her dildo device is protecting her somewhat and she's cumming quite frequently now. I want you to go very lightly, slowly increasing the power of the stroke until you've struck her five times, then stop. If she weren't wearing the device, I'd let you go a bit more, but to a certain extent, her orgasms may be making her somewhat numb and you might hit her harder than you realize without a response from her."

Doing as she suggested, I struck Rose five more times, then stopped. Rose was cumming, so it was hard to tell if she was in pain or not. Mistress Dark took the whip from my hand and twirling it in a clockwise circle twitched it several times against Rose's pussy and as far as I could tell, she didn't stop cumming at all. Mistress Dark stopped the device and Rose hung rather limply in her bonds.

"If you allow me into your house to work with your slave, I will supervise her first whipping so I know you're doing it correctly. Remove Rose's device," she said. "Rose, thank the Master for your whipping and your orgasms."

"Thank you, Master."

"Every time you allow your slave to cum, make her thank you. The same for when she's punished. She can kiss the whip again. It's not a bad idea to make your slave keep track of the strokes. If she loses track, start at the beginning."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
As Mistress Dark explained, I removed the device, almost apologizing again when I took it out and saw the amount of cream Rose had left on it from her orgasms. Remembering Mistress Dark's admonition, I stopped in time. 

Instead I asked, "Did you enjoy yourself, slave?"

"Yes, Master."

It felt good hearing beautiful Rose calling me Master, and I imagined Julia doing the same. My ego soared, as did my cock. 

"Are you sure you don't want to take advantage of this slave?" Mistress Dark asked. "Your cock appears as if it could be quite painful."

It was pushing up against the front of my jeans in an obvious bulge, so she wasn't far off. Fortunately, I'd be going home soon and I'd be fucking Julia to a faretheewell. 

"No. I can wait until I get home," I said. 

"As you wish."

She held up the dildo I'd just removed from Rose. "As I said, this is what you'll use to teach your slave to swallow. This device has a setting on it which will not allow your slave to orgasm, provided she doesn't help it along. You are controlling her orgasms, right?"

"Yes."

"It brings her to the edge of cumming, but not over it. Then it stops. It will keep doing that indefinitely. Your slave will become very frustrated. She cannot remove it without the app on your phone knowing. Something about body temperature, I think. I don't know except it works and works well. If she helps it along, the app records that she had an orgasm. Of course, she'll be punished if she does. What you want to do is only allow her to have an orgasm when she's sucking your cock and you're cumming in her mouth. Like Pavlov's dog, she'll begin to associate your cum with her orgasm and eventually, she'll crave it because she knows her pleasure follows. You may still use her in other ways, but when she asks for permission to climax, you deny it until your cock is in her mouth and you cum. When she's swallowing all the time, she's trained."

"Interesting."

"My only other suggestion to you is for you to hand feed your slave. Her sustenance depends on you and you should provide it. That might be altered if you go out for dinner. Feeding your slave in public might raise a few eyebrows, but other than that, feed her yourself."

"Thank you. Good suggestion.

"That should do it for now. I'm always available for further consultations. It's been two hours and twenty minutes, so $350 for my time. I'm assuming you want the Slave Trainer dildo?"

"Yes, and the whip and nipple clamps. I believe I can build the cross and pillory myself. I looked at their construction when I was examining it."

"The Slave Trainer is $400 due to its high end tech functionality. The phone app is included. The whip is $35 and the clamps are $30." She went to a drawer and pulled out four brand new boxes. 

"I do sell suspension cuffs if you decide you'd like to suspend your slave."

"I don't want to spend too much now in the unlikely event she changes her mind about proceeding. I didn't bring enough cash for all of it," I said. "I'd like to give you the $500 cash I did bring and put the rest on my debit card." 

She entered the info on her phone and slid a device into the power jack. "$815, plus 6% tax, minus $500 is $342.90."

"Shouldn't the sales tax be higher?" I said, running the figures through my head.

"There's no sales tax on my services," she replied, smiling, "only the equipment."

It had both a swipe and chip reader. Since my debit card had a chip, she inserted it into the reader. She handed me the phone. 

"Enter your PIN number. It's not stored on the phone."

"What will it show up as on my bank statement?"

"Dark Productions." I entered my PIN. "Thank you, Scott. I hope to hear from you when you start training your slave."

"I'll keep it in mind. By the way, what's with the fellow in the cage?"

"I'm training him for his wife. The men aren't always the dominant in a relationship. I'd love to train you. It might take a while. You look like you'd be resistant, but I believe I could do it." She smiled at me with a twinkle in her eye.

I laughed. "No thanks, I think we're good for now." 

Mistress Dark laughed along with me. She handed me the four boxes. I looked at the fourth box and asked, "What's the other box for?"

"I'm including an Enforcer at no additional charge for using my services."

"The slaves mentioned that. What is it exactly?"

She took back a box and opened it, revealing a clear plastic paddle about two inches wide, a six inch handle and an overall length of about two feet, so eighteen inches for the paddle part. 

"It's shatterproof. The handle is silicone and body safe, so you can insert the handle in your slave transitioning from punishment to pleasure instantly, and it packs a deceptive sting." She spanked Rose's ass once and Rose flinched and whimpered softly. "You can't really judge how hard you're striking by the slave's reaction to this device, since they'll flinch at almost anything but the lightest tap. It's best to judge by color alone. The impact is almost electric, but the pain quickly fades, as does the redness, usually dissipating in three to five hours depending on how well it was used. If you were to engage my services for teaching your slave to suck cock, this is what I intended to use to encourage her to take all of you down her throat."

"I don't know. Can you avoid a gag reflex?"

"Of course. Let me show you."

Mistress Dark put the Enforcer away and got an eight inch dildo off one of her shelves and approached Rose.

"Open Rose," she said and Rose opened her mouth. Over the course of the next couple minutes, she gradually worked all of it down Rose's throat with nary a gag. When it was fully inserted, I could see the tip of it slightly bulging the top of Rose's throat as Mistress Dark moved it up and down. Fuck, color me impressed. The dildo was slightly longer than I was and she took it like a champ. She pulled it out and inserted it in Rose's pussy, slowly fucking her with it until Rose climaxed again.

"I like to reward my slaves after they've performed."

If Mistress Dark could train Rose to take that monster, I might really like to contemplate engaging her services again. They'd be free. All I had to do was turn her loose on Julia to train her to lick vagina. I was intrigued to consider my wife licking another woman's cunt.

Mistress Dark released Slut from the pillory and Slut led me back to the front door.

"Good bye, Master. Have a pleasant evening," Slut said.

"Do you have a name other than Slut?" I asked. 

"If I haven't misbehaved, Master." She smiled at me. "I have a difficult time not misbehaving."

She closed the door and I hopped in my truck and started home, whistling all the way.

******

JULIA

After supper and listlessly watching TV for a couple hours, I went to bed with my laptop and searched for Mistress Dark on the web. She had a professionally designed web page showing what services she offered. A lot of them were directed towards offering her services to subs without dominants, but she also offered training, and sold products for the well equipped slave owners home. Her website showed photos of many of the furniture products in use, with only the genitals or breasts of the model blacked out. As I looked at some of them, I felt myself get wet again, imagining myself displayed and used like this, uncompromisingly serving a demanding owner. I needed to cum again. I took off my clothes and got a nice six inch vibrator from my nightstand. 

Turning it on, I slowly slid it into my slick pussy. Oh, heavens to betsy, I needed this. I was thrusting it back and forth in my sheath about three minutes from my first orgasm when I heard the front door open and Scott call out, "Honey, I'm home."

Normally, I didn't usually let Scott see me masturbating. It seemed like a private thing I did for myself, but I wanted to cum now and thought, fuck it. "I'm in the bedroom," I called out, a little breathlessly.

He walked through the bedroom door carrying four plain brown boxes of varying sizes. I was still screwing myself, oblivious too much more than that.

"Stop, now!" Scott ordered.

"What?"

"Stop masturbating now," he said.

"I'm so close," I moaned.

"If you're going to be my slave, you might as well grow accustomed to me owning your pleasure. Stop fucking yourself now!"

He wasn't my owner yet, or maybe never, so I thought of ignoring him and finishing myself off, but I sighed and turned it off, pulling it from my sodden pussy and closing my legs so Scott couldn't look up my wet vagina.

"Leave your legs spread and lick your juices off your vibrator. Clean it off, you dirty girl."

Oooh, I started tingling again. I slowly spread my legs, opening myself to him. I brought the vibrator to my mouth and started sucking it off. It wasn't the first time I'd tasted my pussy. I'd licked my fingers clean a few times before after using my fingers to masturbate, but it was the first time I'd licked one of my vibrators. It was covered in my juices. He watched me lick it clean, standing there at the foot of the bed.

"Put it back in the drawer," he ordered, and I obeyed. "Now, resume your position on the bed. Better yet, grab the headboard and don't let go. I don't wanted you tempted to use your fingers to finish what your vibrator started."

"What are you going to be doing?" I asked.

"Taking a shower. I want you to remain like this until I'm done. Acknowledge."

"I'll remain like this until you've finished your shower."

"Good." 

He put his boxes in the closet and started stripping off his clothes. His cock was hard and looked as if it had been so for awhile, looking angry and red. I wondered what he'd been doing at Mistress Dark's. I was sure he'd tell me. His clothes went into the hamper and he walked into our bathroom whistling some unrecognized tune. I heard the shower go on and I lay there waiting for him, my legs spread wide and my hands gripping the headboard, a wrought iron arabesque design. My pussy was leaking down the crack of my bottom. I was so aroused right now.

After about ten minutes, the shower ended and shortly thereafter, I heard Scott brushing his teeth. When he returned to the bedroom, his cock was still hard. If anything, it looked harder than before, jutting up at an acute angle from the curly haired stem and dangling sack. Fuck, I wanted him in me so bad right now.

"Don't move," he ordered forcefully, "and don't speak.

I nodded. Scott got on the bed between my legs and started kissing his way up my right leg. I was practically twitching the closer he got to my core, but before his lips touched a single hair on my pussy, he stopped. I arched my hips, silently begging him to touch me, but he ignored me, going to my left leg and starting the whole ascending, lingering, kissing thing up that one. I was ready to scream when he stopped again, just short of my goal. Shit! I needed to cum so bad.

"You're very wet," he said. Of course I was wet. He'd stopped me just before an orgasm and was tormenting me now. I could feel my fluids leaking down to my anus.

"Please..."

"Shhh." He put a finger to my lips. "No speaking." I whimpered. 

I arched my back again, begging with my body if I couldn't beg for real. His mouth was so close to my pussy, I could feel his warm breath on my folds, blowing warmly through my pubic hair. My clitoris felt enlarged and was peaking out from its hood. Scott was tormenting me, in the best possible way. His tongue flicked out briefly, probing my sheath. I whimpered again.

"Tasty," he whispered, smacking his lips. 

What in the hell had he learned from Mistress Dark. He'd never been like this before. Usually he dived right in and brought me off quickly; not this exquisite torture. I felt his finger lightly stroke my perineum, smearing my fluids around and I gasped. A finger circled the the crinkled sphincter of my anus and I was reminded of what he intended to do with it if I became his slave. His tongue extended again, a momentary circling of my leaking hole, gathering more of my flowing juices, then done, and I could feel my pussy quivering, wanting to be filled. Who was this devilish stranger playing with me. Another soft caress of breath followed by the lightest kiss on my parted slit, blood engorged and needy. I whimpered again, bucking my hips up to capture his lips. He artfully dodged my attempt, limited by my widely spread legs.

"Uh, uh, uh," he whispered, his voice hoarse with the same desire I felt. If he didn't touch me soon, I was going to scream. "You're not to cum unless you have my permission."

He looked up at me as I nodded energetically, hoping that would be soon. His tongue slithered up my slit, gathering yet more of my fluids on his tongue, savoring the taste of me. Yet gone too quickly and not touching my clit, which must be waving at him like a beacon, it felt so hard. One finger penetrated my pussy to its full length, then out again and he put it on my lips, waiting for me to lick it clean. I tasted myself again, tart and sweet at the same time. I whimpered again, barely able to contain myself from howling. Two fingers the next time, as his tongue danced up my folds. I flinched, it was so intense. He fed me his fingers again and the liquid was dripping off onto my tongue before I circled them with my lips.

"Don't speak and don't cum until I tell you to," he reminded me. How would I ask for permission if he wouldn't let me beg?

His two middle fingers slid in me again and he rubbed gently on the roof of my pussy, finding my g-spot. Fuck, I moaned. I couldn't help it. I started fucking up against his fingers, knowing I would cum soon, and hoping he knew I'd have no choice. My moaning was almost a constant droning sound, and I rolled my hips to meet his fingers. I was on the precipice and dangled there, struggling to hold back, to keep from falling off the ledge. He recognized my desperation and said, "Cum!" as he finally tongued my clit.

Talk about pussy melting. I sighed deeply as my pussy contracted around his fingers, throbbing with my release. He didn't stop fingering me or tonguing me, keeping my orgasm going for over three minutes. I wanted to clutch his head to my leaking cunt and squeeze my legs together but remembered his orders to keep my legs apart and hands gripping the headboard. I couldn't stop moaning as wave after wave of pleasure radiated from my pussy through the rest of my body.

"You may speak now," Scott said.

"Did Mistress Dark teach you that?" I asked.

Scott laughed. "No, but I was offered use of her slaves, mouth or pussy. She could see how excited I was."

"Did you take it?"

"I was still hard when I got home. I'm still hard now. What do you think?"

"I don't know what to think. You've never done anything like that before. Where did you learn?"

"Mount me," he said, "and I'll tell you. I need to cum too."

"Can I release the headboard now?"

"Can you mount me without doing so?"

I considered a moment. "I'll need to readjust my grip, but I can continue holding on."

"Then do so."

He lay on his back and if anything, his cock was even harder now. He wasn't kidding when he said he needed to cum. The head looked purple and his heartbeat was making his prick twitch back and forth, up and down. I climbed over him and didn't even need to aim the head at my entrance. Everything was so wet, he slid right in. It was divine to finally have my pussy filled with his thick stalk. I grabbed the headboard again and my breast dangled over his mouth, a fact he called attention to when he suckled a puckered nipple.

"Don't move," he said. "I want to savor this."

So I sat on his cock feeling it twitch and throb in my still quivering pussy.

"I figured if I was going to be your owner, I should learn to make you beg to cum. In order to be better at making that happen, I read a couple how-to articles written by lesbians. Who better to teach licking pussy than someone who not only had one, but practiced on one all the time. Seems as if they were good teachers."

"I'll say. So what did you learn at Mistress Dark's tonight?"

"I learned a few good tips you'll experience if you decide to become a sex slave. How to turn you into the perfect hot slut. Plus I bought a few things."

"Is that what was in the boxes you brought home?"

"Yes."

"Can I see them?"

"Not unless I own you."

Devil. He knew my curiosity would be burning now. "What did you do? You were gone for over two hours?"

"One of her slaves, going by the name, Slut, met me at the door naked, and led me back to her...what, dungeon, play room, whatever. Slut had welts on her bottom from a cane. Mistress Dark was beside another slave, Rose, a really lovely woman, who was hanging spread eagled from big eyebolts in the ceiling. Mistress Dark was tugging on her nipples before putting alligator clips on them."

"The ones with the teeth?" I asked.

"Yes." I shivered and my pussy clamped down on his cock. "She recommended several items which every slave owner should have and she demonstrated them on Slut."

"Was Slut pretty?"

"She was a little on the plump side, but curvy and she looked delicious naked. Mistress Dark showed me a St. Andrews cross and a pillory, Slut showing them off. It was when Slut was in the pillory with her head at cock level, Mistress Dark offered her mouth to me."

"Why didn't you take advantage of the offer?"

"I consider it to be infidelity."

"You're considering letting me have sex with others. What's the difference?"

"Control. If you have sex with someone, it will be because I've placed you in the position. You're not placing me in a position where I have to choose. I would be choosing. Seems like infidelity to me."

"I appreciate it, but I'm not sure I get the distinction," I said, starting to move, wanting to feel him moving inside me.

"I get the distinction and it's important to me," he said, "and stop moving. I'll cum too quickly."

"So, cum, get hard and cum again."

"Will you suck me to get me hard again?"

There it was again, the choice I was hoping to avoid; to somehow have to lick and swallow male cum. I wasn't wild about it, but he'd given me a wonderful orgasm and I suppose I should get used to it if I wanted to wear clothing for three weeks.

"I can't promise anything, but I'll do my best," I replied.

"Okay, I'll accept that answer. Lift up about four inches and let me do the work. This is my turn to cum."

I did as he requested and raised up slightly, and he started sliding back and forth in my sheath while nibbling and kissing my breasts. It felt lovely. I was still so close myself, I knew I'd climax within minutes, especially while he teased my top half lady parts. Fortune smiled on me and I orgasmed just before I felt him swell and shoot what felt like a pint of cum up my pussy. I wanted to sit back on him and wallow in my pleasure, but he made me stay up while he rode his own, trying to maintain his erection for me. He wasn't totally successful; starting to shrink some, but he managed to remain somewhat hard. Still, I'd have to help him get hard again. 

I climbed out of the saddle and eyed his cock, semi-limp and covered in our combined cum. Before taking him in my mouth, I said, "Finish telling me what happened at Mistress Dark's."

He waited until my mouth was over him and gently suckling his cock. My God, our cream was so thick, mine almost as much as his. I wanted to gag, but managed to avoid the appearance of retching on his cock. 

"I'm impressed," he said. "I almost couldn't tell how much you hate that."

I lifted up and smiled at him, my lips coated, and said, "So distract me and maybe I'll forget what I'm doing."

Scott laughed. I loved to hear him laugh. It was so solid, so genuine, so loving. I went back to my task.

"Let's see. Before Slut was placed in the pillory, Mistress Dark whipped her, showing me what could be done with a slave and a whip. She whipped Slut's front while she was bound back first to the St. Andrew's cross. From her breasts to her sex. Slut climaxed while she did it." I could feel my own sex start to tighten again, listening. "After she demonstrated, she brought me to Rose and told me to whip her, while she monitored. Rose is a lovely girl, reminding me of you. I started with her butt, getting it a nice shade of red, then doing her back and thighs."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
As Scott recounted his story, his cock was getting hard again, much quicker than usual. Apparently, he'd been aroused by what he'd done and it was coming back to him. He was hard enough to mount again, so I climbed on board.

"Were they screaming in agony as they were whipped," I asked, firmly seated, starting to ride him.

"No, neither of them screamed. I already said Slut climaxed from the whipping itself. No other external stimulation but the whip. She orgasmed as Mistress Dark swatted her clit area. Because I was a newbie, Mistress Dark had me put a dildo vibrator in Rose's pussy before I began. She was cumming even before I started. After I did her back, Mistress Dark had me start on her front, first her tight belly, then her perfect breasts, then her sex. She must have climaxed three or four times as I whipped her. I attribute it mostly to the vibrator, but I was happy to see I didn't prevent her from having them."

My pussy was clenching. I imagined it was me being whipped. I couldn't imagine cumming while being lashed, but Scott wouldn't lie to me. I was going to cum again.

"When I was done, Rose thanked me for whipping her. 'Thank you, Master', is what she said. I asked her if she'd enjoyed herself and she told me she had. My cock was so hard, Mistress Dark again offered me the opportunity to get off, saying I could fuck Rose if I wanted. I refused again. Mistress Dark offered to come here after your slavery started to ensure I whipped you right."

Oh, fuck, I started cumming again, spasming over his cock. Why did this talk of being bound and whipped so arouse me. Scott helped me along by pumping up into me as I shivered through it. It was so powerful, one of the best orgasms I ever had. I was whimpering, riding it out, totally blasted. 

Scott continued, "After discussing a few more things having to do with your possible slavery, she took an eight inch dildo and fed it to Rose, showing me how you could be trained to take all of my cock in your throat. You should have seen it Julia. I could see the end of the dildo making her throat bulge slightly at the top as she took it all. That's the other thing Mistress Dark promised to teach you if she came her for the beginning of your slavery. How to take all of my cock in this pretty little throat of yours." He softly stroked the front of my throat, then my cheek and I was again on the edge, imagining it. "Mistress Dark took the dildo Rose sucked and fucked her with it until she climaxed again." 

There it was, I spun out of control once more, panting like a bitch in heat as Scott really started to lay the lumber. He climaxed soon after I did, coating my insides with more creamy cum. I lay down on his chest as we finished our pulsing release. Ever since Scott suggested this three week slavery, I was having the best sex of my life and couldn't get enough.

"What are you thinking?" Scott whispered, stroking my bottom as I lay plastered to him by sweat and cum.

"I'm thinking I'm scared," I said. 

"Are you scared because I might hurt you?" He asked. "It's why I went to see Mistress Dark; so I wouldn't accidentally hurt you."

"That's not why I'm scared," I said. "I'm scared I might like it too much."

Scott kissed my cheek, then captured my mouth and he took control of it, his tongue invading and laying claim to me.

"So what do you want to do?" He asked, leaving me breathless.

"I don't know. I'm still thinking."

He turned out the light and I went to sleep in his arms, still resting on his chest.

******

I invited Lisa the next day for lunch and told her what happened last night; the many powerful orgasms, my inability to think about anything else, the need to cum all the time.

"It sounds as if you're really considering doing this," Lisa said.

"I think I am. Ever since I started thinking about doing it, the sex has been incredible. I want sex all the time. We're making out like newlyweds again. I can't get enough. Every time Scott mentions something about it, my pussy gets wet. My biggest fear is I'll like it too much and not want to stop."

"Hey, if that was my only problem, I'd go ahead and do it too. Liking something too much to stop sounds like a great problem to have. My problem is getting enough. If it works for you, maybe I'll sign up too."

******

Four days later, on a Tuesday morning, at 10:05 AM, I looked at myself naked in the mirror. I inspected my high pert tits, my slim waist, the toned planes of my belly flowing to the plump pussy between my legs, my trimmed pubic hair a darker blonde than my head. I'm going to do this, I thought. I'm going to turn myself into a sex slave. I will no longer be in control of my body. Scott will own me. He'll strip me and display me naked, take any part of me he wants, punish me if I'm not the perfect slut. Anything I've read about in one of my books, could happen to me. 

My pussy grew damp thinking about it, and I knew I was doing the right thing. I ran a finger through my moistened slit, then tasted myself. I wanted to do something for him. More than just putting on the collar before he came home and discovered he owned me. I called Lisa.

"Can you come over at 5:00 this afternoon before Scott gets home?"

"Of course. You decided to do it, didn't you?"

"I did."

"What do you need me to do?" Lisa asked.

"I'm making a present of myself to Scott. I want you to come over and tie my hands together behind my back. I'll be naked, kneeling, waiting for him."

"Does your slavery start tonight?" She asked.

"No. He wants to take some time off so we can explore my slavery together. He'll need to make some arrangements to ensure all of his projects are being handled in order to take off. He said it would start on Friday, the week before his vacation."

"Do you think he'll be able to arrange it by this Friday?"

"I hope so. I'm so nervous. The longer I have to wait, the more nervous I'll get. I'd like to start as soon as I can."

"I'm going to come at 4:30. I've got some make up ideas I'd like to try on you to doll you up a little."

"Okay. Thank you."

Next, I wondered if I should get a wax, go completely bald on my pussy. I had time to get one, but if I was going to be Scott's property, perhaps I should ask my owner what he'd prefer. On the other hand, I didn't want to tip my hand, so I couldn't really ask. I finally decided to shave my pubes. If I shaved, my pelt would grow back sooner in case he preferred hair. 

I sat on the edge of the tub with scissors, a razor with a brand new blade, and a can of shaving cream. I trimmed everything I could to start with the scissors, getting it as short as I could, then swept it up. Putting my feet in the tub, I spread my legs as far as I could and applied shaving foam to my crotch. Carefully, I scraped with the razor, bringing it down to the skin line, pulling my folds from one side to the other so as not to cut myself, constantly rinsing the blade in the spigot. When I finished, it still felt as though there was some stubble, so I re-soaped and re-shaved, trying to smooth it more. I checked myself with a mirror. Pretty clean, except for a few wispy hairs around my anus. They had to go too, so more soap, more razor, scraping carefully over the crinkled skin. Finally satisfied with the results I could see in the magnifying mirror, I took a shower, shaving my armpits as well. I got the best skin lotion I had and smoothed it over the shaved area. 

When I finished, I ran my fingers over my newly bald pussy. Pretty soft and smooth, I thought. Shaving my genitals had aroused me and I considered masturbating again. I was doing it on a daily basis anymore. No, if I was going to present myself to my new owner, I would no longer have control over my orgasms. I might as well get used to denial now. In any event, I fully expected Scott to fuck me when he got home and found me waiting for him. Perhaps, he'd fuck me every single day, or I might be quite frustrated before my slavery began. 

I ate a light lunch, too nervous to eat heavily. I made a chef's salad to eat tonight so I needn't bother to cook later in the event Scott chose to ravish me, hopefully for hours. I found the collar he'd left for me to don if I chose slavery. The wrist cuffs were in the same bag, so Lisa wouldn't need anything special to secure me. The cuffs could be fastened together with snap links. I'd only go with the wrists, leaving the ankles as I couldn't start my slavery tonight anyway. 

I wondered if I should check the boxes he'd brought from Mistress Dark's. No, they were my owners, not mine. He would share them with me when he was ready. Still, I wondered what he bought for me. Were there ropes, paddles, dildos, butt plugs, whips? I shuddered and thought again of masturbating, aroused once more. Stop it, Julia, you horny slut, get a hold of yourself. I still had time before Lisa came over and I thought of reading one of my books, then laughed, realizing I was crazy to throw more thoughts of sex slavery into my head to confuse and befuddle me. So I played games on my phone, hoping 'Angry Birds' would soon turn to 'Love Birds'.

At 4:15, I removed my clothes and put on a robe, waiting for Lisa to arrive. She was prompt and carrying a make up kit when I opened the door to let her in. Lisa sat me down at the kitchen table and rapidly applied green eyeshadow, to highlight my green eyes, shading to bronze near my brow. She darkened my eyebrows, lined my eyes, adding an almost oriental slant. Mascara followed and bright red lipstick.

"I don't know what it is," Lisa said, putting it on, "but men love to have shiny red lips wrapped around their dicks. I swear it must be subliminal."

I giggled and she said, "don't move, especially your mouth." I held still.

She added a bit of blush to my cheeks, smoothing it with her finger.

"Now for the pièce de résistance, bare your breasts, dear."

Shrugging the robe off my shoulders, I waited to see what she was going to do. She took a dark reddish brown lipstick and applied it to my nipples and areolae, darkening them. 

"Flavored lipstick," she informed me. "You're excited, aren't you?"

"How can you tell?" 

"Your nips are like pebbles," she said, smoothing the color with a finger. "They look like they could pop any minute."

"Feel like it too."

She finished up. "Stand up. Lose the robe, let's have a look at you."

I stood, dropping the robe to the floor. 

"Ooh; removed the rug, nice touch, girlfriend. Have you ever been bald for Scott before?"

"No. I hope he likes it. I shaved instead of waxed in case he doesn't."

"If you're going to go without fur, I'd like to apply a little of this to the lady bits as well," she said, holding up the lipstick she'd colored my breasts with. "Make it match. Do you mind?" Lisa gestured to my pussy.

"I can't see it enough to do it. Go ahead."

Lisa knelt down in front of me.

"Good God, you're practically dripping down here. I should probably have a sponge"

"I know," I said. "I'm like that almost all the time lately. Here's a Kleenex." I handed her one from the box we'd pulled out to do make up. 

Lisa dabbed lightly at my pussy with the tissue, then smeared the lipstick on a finger and rubbed it between the labia minora and majora on both sides of my cleft.

"You know," Lisa said. "Only a truly outstanding girlfriend would be doing this to you right now."

I laughed. "I'll admit to you, but no one else, you're the most truly outstanding girlfriend ever."

She stood up. "Well, I'm impressed. I hope Scott is too. Where are you going to wait for him?"

"I want to see him right as he walks through the door."

"Right in the entryway?"

"Yes."

"Hard wood floors," she said. "Do you have a pad or pillow to put under your knees?"

I thought for a moment. "My yoga pad. I'll get it." I ran into the family room and collected it.

"Does Scott get home at the same time every day?" Lisa asked.

"It can vary by as much as fifteen minutes, either side of 5:45."

"How are you going to present yourself?"

I got into the kneeling position Scott showed me, knees apart, hands clasped behind my back where they'd be cuffed together, back straight, mouth open. "I'll probably just rest my butt on my heels until I hear his car outside."

"He's going to fuck you as soon as he walks through the door, isn't he?"

"I certainly hope so. It's what I'm going for."

"If he doesn't; call me. Maybe I will."

"Lisa!"

"All I'm sayin' is, you look pretty good right now. What are you going to do if anyone comes home with him?"

"Smile a lot. Help me get the collar and cuffs on." 

Lisa buckled the collar around my neck, and the cuffs around my wrists. I knelt down and she fastened the cuffs behind my back.

"Thank you, Lisa. I appreciate the help. You went above and beyond."

"Wait a minute, you did put fuck juice on, didn't you?"

"Fuck juice?"

"Perfume! Hurry, what's Scott's favorite? And where the hell is it?"

"Eternity, on my bedroom dressing table."

Lisa rushed off and returned a couple minutes with the perfume. She dabbed some on her fingers and drew a line between my breasts, under each one, a drop on the nipples, under each arm, the hollow of my throat and on either side of my vulva where my legs joined my torso. 

"That should do the trick. You owe me."

She spent thirty seconds tidying up the table, putting my robe over the back of a chair, grabbed her make up kit and left. I waited. I heard his truck about ten minutes later and spread my knees, straightened my back, and parted my lips, listening to him walk up the sidewalk.

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 04|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-04|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<i>Julia finally indicates to Scott she's ready to submit to sexual slavery for three weeks, by putting on his collar and a little bit more. Bondage furniture is built. This chapter contains oral and vaginal intercourse, mild bondage, and a spanking. For those not following since the beginning of this story, STD's don't exist. </i>

<b>At Taste of Slavery, Ch 4 - Julia Agrees to Her Slavery</b>

SCOTT

I hadn't heard from Julia all day. It wasn't exactly unusual, but I often received at least a text or two, if not a phone call. She probably went out shopping or something with Lisa. Lisa was home now, though; she waved to me from her front porch, a big grin on her face. I waved back.

I liked Lisa. She was good people and a regular member of the guys Thursday night poker game. She was the only woman allowed, because she was a good poker player and could dish it out as good as she got, and didn't mind the mild flirtation and sexual innuendo we frequently tossed her way. She made up the sixth. We never played with less than five and never more than six. Five or six was the perfect number for us. We were scheduled to play at her house this Thursday. My house and hers always had the best snacks to go with the cold beverages. Her house because she was a good cook, and my house because Julia was. The other four regular guys were single. When we needed another due to sickness or other obligations, which wasn't often, the replacement was married. His wife was a decent cook, but refused to put on a spread for his poker buddies. Additionally, I think she resented Lisa was allowed to play, thinking there might be hankypanky going on in addition to the poker. I don't know why she'd think that when there never was at her house if we ever used it. There never was, because we liked poker and were dead serious about it. That might change a bit if Julia decided to be my sex slave for three weeks. 

I walked through the door shouting, "Honey, I'm..." Home died on my lips. Julia was kneeling on her yoga mat, in the kneeling position, except instead of her hands behind her head, they were behind her back. Even her mouth was open properly. Her collar was on her neck. Fuck, she was beautiful, just perfect. And she'd removed her pubic hair. I felt my cock stir. I set my briefcase down.

"Good evening, sir. Your slave awaits your pleasure."

I walked behind her, observing her cuffed wrists. I lowered my jeans zipper and I could see her react when she heard it. She remained still otherwise. I released my prick, already half grown and walked back in front of her.

"Good form, slave."

"Thank you, sir."

She kept her mouth open as I approached her, eying my cock. I stood in front of her and fed it to her, holding the back of her head in my left hand. She took half of it down without problems, coughing a bit when I reached the back of her mouth. I fucked her mouth a few minutes, letting her complete the job her displayed nudity started. I pulled out when I was hard.

"Shall I cum in your mouth, slave?"

"Your slave will endeavor to accommodate her owner, Master."

I thought about it. She was willing to try, but I knew she'd have problems with it, and she wasn't really mine to play with yet, though I appreciated her presentation. I decided to finish in her pussy, but she didn't have to know that yet. I pushed back into her mouth, enjoying the sensations of her tongue dancing over the head of my prick. 

Julia was doing a commendable job. She could take half of my cock without problem, and would attempt to work a little more down, though she often gagged when she did. Since her hands were confined behind her, she couldn't use them to stroke the base of my dick as she usually did when fellating me. It also allowed me to use my hands on her head to force the issue a little and push a bit deeper than usual. She coughed and sputtered when I did so, but gamely worked my cock as best she could. 

Feeling myself about halfway home, I pulled out and pushed her head down to the floor. Walking behind her, I lifted her ass, noticing a small puddle of her juices below her pussy. I slipped right in, like sliding into warm butter, and Julia gasped "Master", and climaxed, already heated from her emotional and ceremonial surrender to me. Her pussy spasmed on me, clasping my prick in her heated embrace. I plunged, over and over, sliding the full length of my cock back and forth in her clutching tunnel. A few minutes later, she orgasmed again, convulsing over my cock, moaning so prettily for me. I kept going another dozen or so strokes before my cum joined hers in her soupy pussy.

While I'd delayed the pleasures of her swallowing my cum, I wan't averse to her cleaning me off some. When my final spurts drained my balls, I pulled her head back up and plunged back into her mouth. She actually strove hard to clean me off, though her nose wrinkled in distaste as she did. Heavens, I loved my wife. What a trooper. 

I'd said two sentences to her since I arrived home, neither of them a greeting. I let her work my shrinking cock for a couple minutes, then pulled her to her feet and kissed her, claiming her mouth as mine, tasting both of us on her lips.

"Good evening, slave," I said. "What a pleasant surprise."

Julia lowered her eyes. "Thank you, sir." 

I looked her over more closely, noting the superb make-up job, plus her nipples were darker than usual. I tongued one, making her gasp again, tasting chocolate strawberry and knowing she'd touched them up for me. 

"Do we have any supper tonight, or am I to be satisfied only with you?"

"There's a chef salad in the refrigerator, sir. If you would release my hands, I will serve you."

Remembering what Mistress Dark recommended regarding the feeding of slaves, I demurred. "I think I'll leave you like this for awhile. I can feed myself." 

I patted her bottom sharply and sent her scurrying in the direction of the kitchen. "Display," I said. It took her a few seconds to catch on before she assumed the proper position as best she could with her hands confined behind her back. I could see our cum running down her leg.

Grabbing a couple plates from the cupboard, I filled them both with some of her chef salad. I put no dressing on hers and thousand island on mine. I set them beside each other at the table. I then removed every stitch of clothing I wore and sat down in the sturdy wooden chairs I preferred. I patted my lap.

"You've been a very good girl," I said, "so I'm going to feed you. Sit down on my lap."

"Yes, sir." She broke position and sat on my left leg between my legs, the front of her body open to my right hand and easier to feed since I was right handed. I took a piece of lettuce and slid it up her slit before putting it in her mouth, startling her before she moaned. 

"How's your dressing?" I asked. 

Her eyes flashed to mine and she smiled. "A little salty sir."

"You or me, do you think?"

"Mostly you, sir."

I took a piece of cheese and did the same, then a cube of ham. She dutifully ate whatever I fed her, not complaining as she ate it. She might be easier to train than I imagined. I fed her half her salad, taking an intermittent bite of my own.

"You know," I said, "if you were really my slave, you'd have already been punished twice?"

She looked inquisitively at me. "Why, sir?"

"Haven't you already climaxed twice, slave?"

"Yes, sir. I..." Her problem suddenly came to her. She lowered her head. "I forgot to ask for permission, sir."

"You did. Nor receive it. Thirty swats for each occurrence. A slave satisfying herself without her owners permission is a serious offense."

"I am your slave, for tonight, sir. It's why I was kneeling when you came home. I wanted a taste. Given I've surrendered myself to you for the evening, I should be punished."

"A compromise then. Since it's for the evening only, you shall receive thirty for both offenses together."

Julia agreed. We ate some more. I even started wiping some of my salad on her nipples and licking them off. As hard as her nipples were beforehand, they became even harder. She was frequently moaning when I licked them and starting to squirm in my lap. Her breasts, and particularly her nipples, are always very sensitive. 

"Is something the matter, slave?" I asked as she was wriggling on my leg.

"Your slave needs to cum, sir," Julia admitted.

"You've already cum twice, slave. You're a needy little slut, aren't you?"

Julia lowered her head to my shoulder and leaned against me. "Yes, sir. Very needy."

I thought of keeping her in a state of denial, but I remembered what Mistress Dark said; I should keep my slave aroused around the time of her punishment. Her arousal and the resultant endorphins would help alleviate the pain as I learned to punish her.

I captured her mouth with mine and while taking it, slid my two middle fingers into her pussy, making her gasp again. Could there be anything more lovely than the sound of an aroused woman?

"Will you ask for permission to cum this time or will you disobey once more?"

"I'll...ask...permission..." Moan. "Master," she panted. "Mmmm. More, more."

My fingers were sluicing into her slick sheath and she was bouncing on my leg. She kissed me some more, moaning into my mouth. My thumb started rubbing her clitoral hood, her clit peaking out.

"I'm very...close...Master. Permission...to cum? Mmmm." 

"Not yet, slave. Hold it. Don't cum."

Julia stopped moving, trying to delay the inevitable. She was panting hard, almost as if she were delivering a child.

Her pussy was beginning to tentatively squeeze my fingers. "Please,...sir. Let...your...slave...cum."

"Cum slave," I whispered.

Her pussy started convulsing as full blown spasms caused it to grip my fingers, pulsing in rapid bursts as a fresh spate of fluids drenched my fingers. She was groaning, "Uhh, Uhh, Uhh," as I continued working them inside her. Oh yes, this would be a very rewarding time for both of us.

Her spasms dwindled, little after shocks sporadically causing her twat to tighten. When I didn't detect any new ones, I removed my fingers and had Julia clean them. 

"Time for your punishment, slave."

"Yes, sir."

"Bend over this same leg."

"Yes, sir."

Julia, stood, turned and bent over the leg she'd been sitting on. Her hands were still fastened behind her back and I could see it might interfere with my access to her buttocks, perched over my knee. 

"This won't do at all," I said, unfastening her cuffs. "Put your hands down by the leg of the chair."

Julia obeyed with a quiet, "yes, sir," and lowered her hands. I reconnected them in front of her and told her to grip the chair leg and not let go.

"Excellent," I said. "Just perfect." Staring at Julia's tasty little ass bent over my knee. I caressed it. I could see her wet pussy peeking from between her legs. I wanted to see more. "Spread your legs a little more, slave," I ordered. 

She did so and I used my right leg to trap hers so she wouldn't be able to do much kicking. I ran a finger through her slit. She moaned again. I swore it wouldn't take much to make her cum again.

"Count your strokes, slave. If you lose track, we begin again."

"Yes, sir," her tiny voice came from down by the floor.

Start slowly, Scott, you're still learning this slave ownership stuff. Which reminded me. "I'm a new owner, just learning the limits of my slave. Say 'Alpha', if I go too hard, but only if you're positive you can't take anymore."

"Yes, Master," Julia whispered again. I could get used to this Master stuff.

Remembering to start slow and gradually build, I started smacking Julia's bottom. She flinched the first time my palm hit her, but I suspected it was more a reaction to having me swat her for the first time as anything else, as she didn't make a peep. She kept count. Gradually increasing the force, I moved my hand all over her delectable ass cheeks, seeing my hand print briefly appear, then disappear in the overall redness. She winced and groaned at twenty. Deciding more endorphins might be in order, I started fingering her pussy again. This time, my thumb gently rubbed the area around her anus, lightly circling the brown bud. The groan of my last swat turned into moans as I finger fucked her wet pussy. 

After several minutes, Julia whimpered, "May your slave cum, sir?"

"My slave may cum." Immediately, additional wetness graced my fingers, accompanied by her enthusiastic cries of ecstasy. I was hard myself, my cock rubbing against her hip, and briefly considered fucking her again. On the other hand, I only had ten more swats to go. 

When her pulsations eased, I asked, "Where were we, fifteen was it?"

"Twenty, sir."

I laughed. She hadn't forgotten. "That's right, twenty. I'd like to do the last ten a little harder. Is my slave up for it?"

"I think so, Master."

"Very well. Let's continue."

I think the last ten were fifty percent harder than any of the previous twenty. Julia flinched and groaned with each one and I could hear her softly sobbing, but she kept track of each one and didn't use her safe word. 

I helped her get up and kissed her, wiping away some of the tears on her face, saying, "My slave was very brave. I'm so proud of her."

"Yes, sir."

"Which is why I'm going to hate what I'm going to do now." Her eyes widened, wondering what I had in mind.

I spun her around, pushed her torso down on the kitchen table, pushing the dishes aside, speared into her cunt, smacking hard against her reddened ass. Julia grunted. Grunted again when I slammed into her a second time, and a third. Moaned on the fourth and fifth and pleaded to let her cum on the sixth. I gave her permission and she wriggled delightfully as I kept thrusting into her throbbing pussy. Inside eight minutes, I swelled and sent another flood of cum into her sheath. I believed she'd kept cumming for half the time. The moment most of my pulsing had stopped, I pulled out, pushed her to the floor and the last lazy trickles ended up in her mouth. I swear she flinched worse than she did when I spanked her, yet she gamely swallowed the last I had to give and cleaned my cock of both our fluids. 

When she was done, I pulled her from her knees and kissed her some more, happily tasting what she hadn't already swallowed. I released her. 

"Give me your hands," I said.

She gave me her hands and I kissed them, then removed the cuffs from her wrists. "Tonights slavery is over. These don't go back on until your real slavery starts." She nodded. "Your collar will stay on from now on, except when you shower. I don't want the leather getting wet. Perhaps I should get a metal or plastic one which will never come off, even in the shower or bathtub."

"Okay."

"I'll help you with the kitchen and then we'll go into the bedroom and talk."

Julia nodded and we cleaned up the kitchen, grabbed the clothes we'd left around the house and went into our bedroom.

"I need a shower," I said. "Would you like to take one with me?"

"Yes, please. I feel very messy right now. I feel dried cum crusting my legs."

I laughed and hugged her and she went in the shower with me. Julia was very affectionate, constantly kissing, stroking, hugging, helping me to wash. I helped remove the makeup from her face, the rouge from her breasts and nipples. She confided to me that Lisa added some to her pussy lips as well.

"I thought they looked darker than normal," I said, "but I wasn't certain because there's usually hair down there. And you say Lisa put it on your pubic lips?"

"Well, you were due home shortly and I couldn't see them, so she had to do it, didn't she." 

"I don't know. Only you can answer that question."

"If we weren't rushed for time, I suppose I could have used a mirror and done it myself. She had to use a Kleenex and dry me off I was so wet."

What an interesting bit of information.

So I cleaned the rouge from her pubic lips as well, after which we helped dry each other off and retired to the bedroom and lay down, hugging each other.

"So did you enjoy this glimpse of slavery this evening, Julia."

"Very much."

"Given what you know now, do you still wish to proceed with your three week slavery?"

"More than ever."

"When did you finally decide to go through with it?" I asked.

"10:05 this morning for sure. I think I wanted to ever since you suggested it," Julia said. "Mostly, I've had to work to overcome my fear."

"That's a pretty specific time, and fear of what?"

"Fear I'd like it too much. Fear it would alter our marriage. I know it will alter it, but I was worried more about alterations in a negative way, that you might not love me anymore. Especially after you told me you might let me be used by others. I know you say I've got a choice, but given your example, I realize it might not be much of a choice. I'm hoping it never comes down to that choice, but, if it does, I needed to prepare myself to accept that it might, and we'd still be okay. You know I love you more than anything, right?"

"I do. As I love you in return."

"Then as much as I wanted to do it, the fear took awhile to overcome. Do you think my slavery will start this Friday?"

"I expect it will, but I won't know for sure until tomorrow. Tell me what you did today."

"At 10:05 after my yoga and shower, I was staring at myself in the bathroom mirror. I told myself I was going to do it. My mind was finally made up. I decided that in addition to putting on your collar, I wanted to present myself to you and wanted my hands tied behind my back. I told Lisa to meet me here at five to tie them. I also thought it would be nice if I did something different appearance wise. I decided to bare my sex and decided to shave instead of wax in case you weren't fond of a bald pussy. Do you like it?"

"I love it. I do enjoy running my fingers through your thatch, but this was a great surprise in the alternative and it's so smooth. I can feel everything. Your curls don't absorb your fluids, so it looks like it's leaking more. You realize you'll have to keep it bare now through the end of your slavery."

"I think it is leaking more, but has nothing to do with the pubes," she said.

Lying there, talking, caressing each other, it wasn't long before I was hard again, and since Julia had her hand on my cock, she knew it too. 

"One more time," I whispered in her ear.

"Maybe more," she whispered back, "if you can."

I laughed and turned her on her back. She spread her legs and bent her knees and welcomed me into heavenly bliss, still as moist as when we started. I put her legs over my shoulder and screwed her slowly, using every inch of my cock to stroke her. I was happy when she had two more orgasms before I gave her what little more I had to give. I wasn't able to give her more that way, but happily delved in her folds with my lips and tongue until she had two more. If I expected her to swallow my cum, there shouldn't be any reason I should do less. Besides, it tasted better coming from her.

******

JULIA

I was still in bed at 9:00 the next morning, having blown off spin class, when Lisa called. Who the hell needed aerobics after a night like last night.

"I couldn't wait any longer. I'm dying of curiosity. Did your plan work?"

"It worked like a charm," I replied. "You are talking to a very happy and slightly sore woman right now. I'm not horny for the first time in weeks."

"Oooh. How many times?" Lisa asked.

"How many times did I get fucked, or how many times did I cum?"

"Both. Don't hold back."

"Let's see. I got fucked three times with his cock, twice with his fingers, and I orgasmed," mentally counting, "eight, no, nine times."

"Nine times. Fuck! I'm coming over. I want all the juicy details."

"Oh, it was plenty juicy," I said. "Give me fifteen minutes. You caught me in bed, still sleeping, I was so worn out. Let me brush my teeth, put a robe on and start coffee."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"Fifteen, no more. Bye."

"Bye." Click.

I slipped on my robe, brushed my teeth and had the coffee started before she got there. I opened the door before she could knock, having watched for her.

She hugged me as she rushed in. "Nine times, really?" Lisa asked.

"At least nine. One of them lasted so long it might have been two."

"Oh, don't tell me that. Ten?"

"You wanted to know."

"It's not fair. You still have a husband and he still wants you and he can make you cum ten times in one night. Why are you so fucking lucky and I'm not?"

"Married the right guy, I guess."

"So, did you have to swallow?" Lisa asked.

"A little bit, not much, just the tail end of one of his orgasms, though he did make me lick him clean each time he finished in me. Maybe it's not quite as bad when it's mixed with my cum, but I managed to survive without retching. Swallowing still bothers me, I suppose. I won't overcome it easily. Oh, and he spanked me last night."

"He spanked you?"

"Thirty swats, for cumming without permission. I should have gotten sixty, because I climaxed twice without his permission, but since my slavery didn't really start yet, he made it thirty for the both."

"How did that go over?"

"Surprisingly well," I replied. "Better than I expected. You know me; I get a hangnail and I'm practically in hysterics. But I climaxed once before he started and again after the first twenty, so I was feeling very little pain."

"You climaxed from your spanking?" Lisa asked, uncomprehending.

"No, his fingers. Once at the dinner table, after he fed me..."

"He fed you?"

"Yes, I sat on his lap and he fed me. Chef's salad. He rubbed pieces of my food in my pussy and fed it to me. Plus he rubbed some of his with 1000 Island dressing on my tits and licked them clean. I was quivering and squirming I was so turned on, so he finger fucked me at the dinner table when we were done eating..."

The doorbell rang.

"Who the hell is that?" I asked.

Lisa shrugged. I got up and answered the door. It was a delivery driver from Lowe's.

"Delivery for a Mr. Scott Thompson, ma'am."

"Are you sure he didn't want it delivered to one of his job sites?"

"This is the address I was given."

It wasn't beyond the realm of possibility he'd have stuff delivered here. It had happened seven or eight times before in our marriage. It was rare, but not impossible.

"Put it in the garage then. I'll open the door for you."

I opened the garage door and they brought in some lumber, plywood, some hardware, some rope and chains. I wondered if he was building some kind of swing for one of his clients. When they were done, I closed the garage door again. It wasn't nearly as much as he usually used on a job site. 

I went back to the kitchen, added more hot coffee to my cup, offering more to Lisa. She waved it off, saying, "finish up your story."

"Where was I?" I asked.

"He'd been rubbing food on you and licking it off, then was finger fucking you."

"Yeah. And after I orgasmed, he bent me over his knee and spanked me. The first twenty swats weren't too bad, but the very second I flinched and groaned, he finger fucked me again to cumming. Then, he gave me the last ten, harder than the others. They hurt and I cried, but I got through it. Then he bent me over the kitchen table and fucked shit out of me, slamming into me hard, his body smacking against my red ass and I climaxed again, maybe thirty seconds in. By that time, I couldn't even feel the pain in my ass anymore, everything else felt so good. That's the orgasm that might have been two. I swear it lasted for four minutes at least."

"Four minutes?"

"At least."

"I take it you're planning on going ahead with it then?"

"Damn straight."

"And it starts this Friday?"

"Scott won't know until tomorrow, but I'm keeping my fingers crossed. Now I've decided to do it, I don't want to drag it out and maybe get cold feet." 

"Please keep me in the know. I can't wait to hear what happens next."

******

The second he walked in the door, I asked, "Does my slavery start this Friday?"

He smiled at my eagerness and replied, "It does, dear wife. I see Lowe's delivered the stuff I ordered. You will have to help me since we don't have much time."

"Help you with what?"

"With a new piece of furniture I designed."

"Furniture?" I remembered the ropes and chains and couldn't recall any furniture using anything like that except deck furniture, like swings or gliders for a porch.

"Yes, bondage furniture. Something to keep an unruly slave in line. Which is why we need to hurry. I'd like it to be done in the raw state by Friday and tomorrow is poker night." My pussy tightened.

"Are you going to build it in the basement?" Thinking of such a thing in my living room where everyone could see it making me nervous.

"It will be built in such a way it can be easily taken apart so we can eventually placed in the basement, but for now, I'm thinking in front of the picture window where everyone can see you if we open the drapes."

My pussy flooded. In my books, the scenes where the slave is publicly stripped and punished brought up my deepest feelings of shame and humiliation, yet strangely were among the most arousing. 

"Scott! We still have to live here after our little experiment is over. How would we ever do that if you displayed me naked in the window?"

"You'd better be an exceedingly good slave or perhaps that's what happens."

Surely he was teasing me, having read some of my books. There were children in the neighborhood. One couldn't publicly parade around nude in front of children. Still the damage was done. If Scott touched my pussy now, he'd know how wet he made me. 

"Let's eat so we can get started," Scott said. "Do we have any more of that chef's salad left. I thought it was exceedingly good, didn't you?"

Memories of last night rushed through my mind, making my dampness even worse. 

"Yes, we still have a lot left," I said.

"I want to hurry so we can finish. Let's go, chop, chop."

So we sat down to more salad. I had ranch dressing tonight instead of the fluids leaking from my pussy. Scott had Citrus Splash. It was not nearly as entertaining as last nights meal. Scott sped through the salad and I hurried to keep up. We were done eating and the kitchen clean in twenty-five minutes.

"Close the curtains and take off all your clothes, Mrs. Thompson," Scott said.

"I thought you wanted to build that thing. Why do you want me naked?"

"I do and we are, but as it starts to get built and I begin to imagine the ways I will be able to use you on it, I'm sure I'll become aroused and need to fuck you, and I don't want there to be any delays. We can fuck and keep going."

The fucking part sounded nice. My pussy was already in a state where fucking sounded really good. Without another word, I closed the drapes and removed all my clothes. Scott took off all his as well, though his penis was currently flaccid. My fucking eagle-eyed husband noted the wet spot on my panties before I removed them and smiled at me. He pulled a set of plans from his briefcase. 

"Did you draw these up today?" I asked.

"No, I started drawing them up after I suggested your slavery and you didn't dismiss it out of hand. I might have wasted some time working it up, but still, it was my time to waste and I didn't care. After going to Mistress Dark's place on Saturday and seeing what she recommended, I added a couple items to it. I'm going to need you to cut up the lumber to these dimensions and start bringing them in." He handed me a list of numbers and dimensions of certain pieces of lumber. "Start with the 2x6's."

Scott had started in carpentry as a young man, learning it from his father. Even after getting his general contractor's license, he kept his hand in carpentry, running his own carpentry crew and hiring out the other trades he needed. He had a workshop out in the garage and still built a lot of things for our house. He'd shown me how to do a lot of things and I'd helped him on a lot of our housing projects. There was even a period of six months where I'd actually worked on one of his crews early in the marriage when he was short handed. But he knew I was capable and he trusted me with his tools. I took the list out to the garage and started cranking out the boards he needed.

It was good lumber of the highest grade, made to be exposed and not hidden behind walls or layers of paint. Some of it was pine and some of it oak. He came out and got some portable tools and some drop cloths, as well as carrying in the hardware, chains and ropes. I started cutting the various lengths of lumber and carrying them into the living room where Scott had put down the drop cloths to protect the wooden floors. I noticed there were eyebolts in several places in the ceiling they hadn't been before, and four more were in the door frame entering the bedroom suite, two at the top and two at the bottom. It was a double door, so it created a wide space. I pictured myself tied in the doorway, with the resultant increase in dampness.

As I started bringing boards in, Scott sanded them, marked them and started boring holes in where he'd marked. 

"Just a rough sanding for now," he said. "If we decide to keep it, we'll do a fine sanding, stain it, and seal it and move it to the rumpus room in the basement."

"Okay." The way my pussy was feeling, I doubted I'd ever want to give it up. I went back outside to get more boards. Only eight boards were longer than I was tall and I had to be careful maneuvering through the house so as not to knock anything down. We had ten foot ceilings and none of them were that long. Scott was nothing if not fast and efficient when it came to wood and a framework quickly took shape in my living room. It was basically square with some other appendages added to alter the shape slightly. He was putting nylon sliders under the bottom boards so he could slide it around without damaging the finish on our floors. 

After I delivered a couple of the boards, Scott used calipers to measure my neck, wrists and ankles. He also measured around my waist, the length of my legs and arms and my overall height when my arms were raised, writing everything down. By the time he was finished, his cock was raging hard and he bent me over the back of one of the living room chairs and fucked me hard and fast. As fast as he climaxed, I still orgasmed twice before he was finished. He was back at work as soon as his prick left my pussy, like I was some coffee break, no, a fuck break. He didn't expect me to clean him afterwards. Apparently, it was a duty fit for slaves, not wives. I still had to grab a kitchen towel and use it to clean up some of the mess between my legs before I went back to the garage or I'd have left tracks all over the house, like a blood trail, only cum.

I also ended up cutting the plywood into a couple different shapes. By the time I'd brought all the lumber into the living room, it was nearly 11:30 and Scott was almost finished. He stood there admiring his handiwork and pulled me close and with an arm around my shoulder, started pointing out the many features of our new furniture. 

"We still have some work to do on it. Perhaps I'll come home a little early tomorrow so we can work on it before poker. Do you want to know what it does?"

"I can guess at some of it," I said, "but some of it is a mystery, so tell me everything."

He pointed to a wide braced arm with an eyebolt at the end. "This is a single point suspension where I can fasten your arms over your heads for punishment or display. Of course, if I need to spread your legs for some reason, they can be secured down here." He pointed to two more eyebolts at the bottom. I started to leak again. "This piece over here is common pillory stocks. What makes them different is they can be raised and lowered so you're forced to stand, bend over to various heights all the way to crouching on the ground. I need to add padding around the wrist and neck holes. I wouldn't want my valuable slave to get scraped when I'm fucking her hard or punishing her. I made the holes large enough to add the padding." The longer he continued, the wetter I got and he seemed to be picturing me used as well, his cock was noticeably lengthening and thickening.

"This is a St. Andrew's cross. With the proper cuffs on, you can be suspended erect or upside down." Another twinge to my pussy. "It also needs padding."

"What are the proper cuffs?" I asked.

"Suspension cuffs. They don't put unnatural pressure on your wrists and ankles so they cut off circulation. You can hang for quite a long time."

"Do you have any suspension cuffs? Is it one of the things sitting in our closet now?"

"No. Mistress Dark will be bringing them and a couple other items when she comes on Saturday."

"Mistress Dark is coming on Saturday?" I asked. "Why?"

"To help me train you. She said she can have you deep throating me before she leaves, and she's going to monitor the first time I whip you so I know I'm doing it right."

"Is she bringing a whip too."

"No, the whip is already in the closet. It wasn't that expensive so I took a chance we'd be doing this and bought it."

"Are you going to tell me what else you bought?"

"When the time is right. Perhaps when I'm actually demonstrating on you all this thing is capable of doing, Friday night." Another twinge.

"What's this thing here?" I pointed to a small bar sitting up just off the floor.

"It's a penitent bar. You can either be bent over the top or sit on it." It didn't have much width, so I imagined sitting on it for any length of time would be uncomfortable or even painful, especially after my bottom had been paddled or spanked.

"And this thing here." I pointed to the the bench like object made up of two pieces of plywood fastened together to make it about an inch thick.

"That will need to be padded as well. I devised that myself. The slave is fastened down on her back with neck and wrists fastened at this end. Her legs go up in a nice V through the wide spread holes on the top. Her whole bottom sits off the edge and of course, both her sex and anus are available to me in a kneeling position. In addition to an excellent position for fucking, it will be good for oral sex or even punishment. She won't be able to move much and will be helpless for whatever I want."

Of course, he wasn't speaking about some nameless slave to be named later. He was talking about me. I was the slave this would be used on, and thinking about it was driving me mad with lust. The same with Scott. His cock was hard and waving around like a flag.

"I don't see any of the rope. What was the rope for?"

"For tying you down to the bed," he said, "and other purposes, like the eyebolts in the door jam." I shivered again.

"I'd like to check the fit of the stocks to see if the holes are the right size. Do you mind?"

Hell no, I didn't mind. I wanted to put my hands and head in them and hoped he would pound my pussy to a milky froth. I didn't even care about padding. He'd rounded the edges and finely sanded the holes where everything went. Without a word, I put my hands in the proffered holes and he lowered the top bar and fastened it together. 

"Try to get out."

I made a half-hearted attempt to get out, but I didn't really want to get away. He lowered the bar until I was bent over with my torso parallel to the floor. My butt was sticking out and Scott moved around me until he was behind me. Please fuck me, Scott, I thought. Don't make me beg for it.

"You have a beautiful ass, dear." He was patting and running his hand over said object, making me quiver. "Maybe the best I've ever seen. In fact, you're just lovely in every way and you're going to make a perfect little slave."

I felt his cock touch my cleft and thought to myself, YES! I moaned as he ever so slowly, pushed into me. I was unsure he was still entering me except for the rising sense of fullness until his abs were pressed against by buns. There was no pause, no hitch, no hesitation; I was so wet. He didn't move; just stood still, his cock twitching inside me. I wanted him to move. I wanted to feel him fuck me, but still he stood, nothing moving but the throbbing of his cock in my needy pussy. Apparently, I was going to have to beg after all.

"Fuck me," I said, hoping it was all he needed, permission to use me.

"Not yet," he said. "I'll cum too soon. If I move now, I'll cum and I want you to get pleasure as well."

At least he had a good reason for not fucking me. I could wait for that. For three or four minutes we stood there, joined at the crotch. His cock stopped twitching, but still he waited. I wasn't in the most comfortable position, but it wasn't bad. My hands and head was supporting the weight of my torso nicely. After awhile as we waited for his own need to dissipate, he started playing with my breasts, hanging below my body. The instant he touched my nipples, they were hard as bullets. He gently stroked them, pausing at times to finger the rigid nubs, rolling them between his fingers and thumb. If he did it long enough, I might cum from the stimulation to my breasts alone. I moaned for him, letting him know how much I appreciated it.

Eventually, I felt him move, pulling out almost as slow as he went in. It felt so good. The head of his cock almost left my dripping slit before he reversed direction and pushed back, faster this time. I was on the edge of the precipice. 

"Do I need permission to cum?" I asked.

Scott laughed and said, "Go ahead and cum whenever and as much as you want."

I whimpered in answer, and he laughed some more. Another stroke out and in and I was almost there. The next one was harder and faster, his balls slapping against my clit and I tumbled over the edge, my cries of ecstasy encouraging him to pump faster. Another long one, dragged out by his continued thrusting right through the heart of my orgasm. I had another one right on the tails of the first. It felt so good. I'd wanted him to fuck me to a milky froth and he was well on his way. Considering he'd had to delay moving to avoid cumming too fast, he was able to keep pumping long enough to give me a third one before he groaned and I felt his hot cum jetting up into my pussy. He kept plunging into my sheath through his own orgasm, long enough I had a fourth before his dwindling cock pulled out of me. I could feel our fluids running down my legs.

"You might fuck me to death during your slavery," Scott said. 

"Promises, promises," I responded. He laughed.

He left me in the stock while he got the same towel I'd used before and he wiped my legs, and finally my soaking pussy, then he released me. 

"Well, we both seem to enjoy the new furniture," he said.

"That's an understatement," I responded. "I'm having the best sex of my life and we've been married ten years. You managed to push some very twisted buttons when you suggested we do this."

"There's usually some fire when you see smoke. They have to be your favorite books for a reason."

"I didn't realize how much they were playing into my own fantasies."

"It's late. I need to get to bed. I need another shower. Join me or wait until I'm finished?" 

"I'll wait. I think I'd enjoy a nice soaky bath instead. You kept me pretty busy tonight."

Scott kissed me, smiling. I had a sneaking suspicion he knew why I wanted to dawdle in the water, and it had nothing to do with getting clean. I was still horny even after cumming six times tonight.

******

"Do you need any help getting ready for poker tonight?" I asked when I called Lisa around ten.

"No, I have it handled. Did you and Scott play any more last night?"

"Not really any of the slavery stuff, but we did play some. The stuff Lowe's delivered yesterday was for a new piece of furniture; bondage furniture for correcting recalcitrant slaves. Scott and I put it together last night, most of it. It still needs some work. We both worked naked and after he took some measurements of me for it, we fucked, then he was back at work and I had to wipe myself to keep from dripping all over the floor. Before we went to bed, he pointed out a few of the features and functions to me. One of them was some stocks. He had me try them so he could check the holes were large enough. While I was still fastened in them, he screwed me again. I climaxed four times, and one of them was another double. I've been studying it this morning, and just looking at it makes me wet."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"You're really warped, aren't you?"

"I think so. I didn't realize how warped until Scott suggested this experiment. Even after Scott went to bed, I was masturbating in the bath. I'd cum six times yesterday evening and it wasn't enough. I guess I'm trying to get as much out of my system as I can. Scott is going to be in control of my orgasms when my slavery starts and I'm sure he won't let me cum as much as I'll feel like it."

"Shit, that will be a bitch."

"Maybe. I suspect the ones I am allowed to have will be more powerful, so I'm hoping quality will replace quantity."

"I might have to come over and check it out after lunch."

"Just be aware Scott might be home early to work on it before poker. I might attack him when he walks through the door. I need to be fucked again."

"Jeez, girl! You got it bad." 

"Tell me about it."

******

Lisa came over around two and I was pointing out the various functions to her. Her eyebrows arched every time I described something new. 

"And this is making you hot?"

"Unbelievably," I said. 

"I might be feeling tiny tinges of what you're feeling, but nothing like you're describing."

"We've already decided I'm warped."

"Well, it seems to be a pleasant form of warped. You certainly seem to be having a lot of fun with it."

Lisa stayed until Scott arrived at three. I gave her a signal and she said she had to run.

"See you in a few hours, lover boy," Lisa said. "You'd better bring it because I'm feeling lucky tonight."

As soon as she was out the door, I had my arms wrapped around Scott and was telling him to fuck me.

"I came home to work on this," he pointed to the bondage furniture, "not have sex. It won't get done if we don't work on it now."

"Fuck me now and show me how to do it after and I'll stay home and work on it while you're off playing poker."

"Sounds like an offer too good to refuse," he said.

I was already unbuttoning his shirt. I wouldn't let him refuse anyway. 

"Right here or would you like to adjourn to the bedroom?" he asked with a smile on his face.

"Whatever," I replied. "I'm flexible." I was already unbuckling his belt and tugging his pants down. His cock wasn't hard yet, I'd pounced too fast, but it was getting there. Why wasn't I wearing a dress and no underwear. Now I knew why it was important for slaves to be ready to fuck. I circled his prick with my mouth, wanting him erect and ready in the least amount of time. As soon as he was hard enough to put in me, I stood up, pushed my slacks and panties down and bent over one of our chairs. Scott's cock was in me in a heartbeat and I sighed when he filled me up. He started to pump slowly.

"What had you so worked up?" He asked. "I can't remember the last time I couldn't even make it to the bedroom before you attacked me."

"I've been looking at that damn thing all day long, then explaining all the functions to Lisa while she was here. I couldn't wait any longer." I moaned, "go faster."

Thank goodness, Scott took direction well and sped up. I swore I could hear my pussy sloshing as he fucked in and out. I spasmed into a climax, my sheath vibrating it was throbbing so much. Oh, baby, I prayed, let me have one more before he cums. God must have heard my prayer. He granted me two before Scott grunted and flooded my cunt worse than it was. We were both panting hard when we finished, the action sudden and heart racing. I pulled my clothes up to keep from dripping on the floor. My hot water bill was going to double with all the laundry I was doing now. I was running out of panties, but starting tomorrow, my owner wouldn't be letting me wear any. My cunt tightened again. I hoped what we were going to do would get it out of my system once and for all.

Scott took a shower and changed into his poker clothes, usually shorts or jeans and a polo shirt. Done, he showed me what else we needed to finish. He had brought some foam padding home and he showed me all the surfaces it would cover. I would apply some padding, put the leathery vinyl over it and around the wood edges and use a staple gun to staple it down to the wood on the opposite side. Essentially everywhere it would touch the slaves body, me, it would be padded. The insides of all the holes on the stocks wherever a head, wrist or ankle would go through, on the exterior of the St. Andrew's cross, and the bench like thing I'd be lying on. 

We worked together on it until he had to leave for Lisa's at seven. They usually played until 11:30 before breaking up for the night. I kept working on it and finished everything about quarter to eleven. It looked pretty good. It would look a lot better when we stained and sealed it, but for raw wood, it didn't look bad. I took a shower and crawled into bed naked, waiting for Scott to show up. It would be late, considering he had to go to work early tomorrow, but perhaps I could convince him to have sex one more time before he went to sleep. I managed to convince him by telling him I'd lick his cock clean after, and I didn't lie.

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 05|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-05|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<i>Julia's three weeks of slavery starts and they begin to experiment with the different aspects of it. She is stripped and collared. She is introduced to the Slave Trainer, a device which should exist, even if it doesn't. She is plugged. Mistress Dark comes over to assist in her training. This chapter contains bondage and discipline, anal toys, masturbation aids, oral sex and lesbian sex. Don't read further if those things are not enjoyable to you. This is a consensual relationship. STD's do not exist in this fantasy world.</i>

<b>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 5 - Julia's Slavery Begins</b>

I left before Julia got up. I left a note for her telling her she could wear her collar for most of the day, but to take it off by four PM and leave it on the kitchen table along with her cuffs. As for clothes, she had to put on older underwear, t-shirt and pants or shorts, nothing new or expensive. She didn't know it yet, but I had some plans for tonight. Oh, she knew I had plans, but not what they were.

On my way home, I stopped at the same shop where I'd picked up her collar and cuffs and picked up a set of four glass anal plugs. They were graduated in size from four inches in length and an inch and a quarter in width to six inches by two and a half. I also got an anal vibrator, six by two inches. The box said in addition to beads rotating around the narrow part of the plug at the sphincter, the vibrations extended up through the top to pleasantly stimulate the vagina as well. It might be fun to have her wearing it when I had sex with her, wondering how the vibrations would transmit from her buttocks to my cock when I was in her pussy. I wanted to buy some sexier clothes than Julia was accustomed to wearing, but to be truly fun, I wanted her to go shopping with me and try the clothes on. 

I had one other item I'd purchased from a buddy who had a metal fabrication shop. It was a medallion, white on one side, red on the other. Both sides had the words Scott's Sex Slave engraved on it. It would fasten onto her collar and identify her for the world to see. 

Julia was sitting at the kitchen table when I arrived home, her collar and cuffs on the table in front of her, dressed as I'd asked in my note.

"Good evening, Julia."

"Scott. I was wondering why you didn't want me naked and kneeling in my collar when you came home?"

"One more time, I wanted to ask you if you're sure you want to do this. The only way to back out once we've started, is to say 'Omega'. If you do, I think you should give up your new romance novels as you'll have determined for yourself living as a sex slave is not the romance you believed it was."

"I definitely want to proceed. The sex we've had since you asked me has been intoxicating. If it comes close to that, I'll be well satisfied."

"You only had a brief interlude on Tuesday night; a few hours. We're talking three weeks now. In the house and out of it, you'll be a full time sex slave to be used as I want. You'll have little or no say in the matter except as the rules allow; your last chance. These are the rules you agreed to. I retyped them. Look them over. If you agree to them, date and sign the document at the bottom."

Julia actually did re-read them. Smart girl. I could have slipped something new in there. I hadn't, but I could have. She signed and dated it. I added my own to it. I shoved the paper into the middle of the table.

"You've just signed your life away to me for three weeks," I said. "You will address me as Sir, or Master for the next three weeks. Give me your hands."

Julia put her arms out and I put her leather cuffs around each one. I attached small locks to them, and locked them. She wouldn't be able to remove them without a key, which I hung around my neck. I clipped her cuffs together. Holding them by the connecting chain, I led her to our new furniture and fastened her to the supported arm, her hands raised over her head. She could just stand flat footed on the floor. Poor girl didn't know yet what she'd gotten herself into. She was about to find out, though.

"What about my collar, Sir?" She asked.

"Slaves are stripped naked before they're given collars," I replied. 

With those words, I ripped the shirt from her body. Julia gasped, "Oh", and almost before her breath left her body, I ripped her brassiere off as well. Her nipples popped to rigid hardness. She had on a strong pair of shorts, denim, and it would be tough tearing those off with hurting her, so I got a knife from the kitchen and started slicing through the waist band. By the time I cut them off her body, her panties were showing the unmistakable signs of her arousal. I tore them off as well, baring her. I touched her sex and she shivered, her eyes smoky with need.

"From now on, you'll remain naked throughout the day while you're at home, unless someone is coming over. I will set out two outfits in the evening for the following day. Both will be sexier than your normal attire. One of them will be modestly sexy which you will earn by swallowing my cum first thing in the morning. The other will be scandalously sexy, possibly sheer or topless. If you didn't earn the first that morning, you may earn the second with a punishment and swallowing later. You will not wear any panties, shorts or pants. Your pussy must be instantly available for use at any time. This leaves you with dresses, skirts, or similar. You won't wear bras. I want the same access to your breasts. We will go shopping for some new things on Monday; your slave wear. I didn't find many things suitable for slaves in your closet. Now you may be given your collar," I said. 

I picked up the collar from the table and showed it to Julia. I hooked the medallion on the collar, white side out. 

"Read it," I ordered.

"Scott's Sex Slave, Master," she read. "I will be yours, Master, your sex slave."

"You read some of John Norman's Gor books. Do you recall what a white silk slave is?"

"A slave who may only please someone with her mouth and hands. Anything below her waist is forbidden to others. Usually, it's because she's a virgin and her virginity is being saved for her first purchase by a new owner."

"You are going to be a white silk slave, Julia. That's why the white side of the medallion is showing." 

"Can't I be red silk, Master. I'm no longer a virgin, and I really want to feel your cock in me."

"You're not a well trained white silk slave yet. When you've progressed to the point you're the perfect white silk slave, we'll begin your training as red silk slave. After all, a red silk slave must surrender her ass to her Master as well. You wished your bottom be prepared for anal sex. You cannot be red silk until it is. One other thing you may wish to consider. If you are red silk to me, you will also be red silk to anyone else. If, when faced with the option to have sex with another, as white silk, you need surrender only your mouth. If red, you must surrender whatever someone wishes to have."

"I understand, Master."

I showed her the opposite side, the red side. "When you've progressed to the point you are the perfect white silk and you've been tested for red, we will turn this medallion over and you will be a red silk."

I fastened the collar around her neck, securing it with a small lock. I then got her ankle cuffs and fastened them around her ankles, locking them with tiny locks. All five locks opened with the same key. 

"I will unlock your collar and cuffs when you need to take a shower. I still haven't found or made metal ones yet. I don't want the leather of these getting wet."

Touching her again, I found her to be dripping. It's too bad I couldn't fuck her yet. It felt like her cunt would melt over my cock. Leaving her confined, I got some of the other purchases I'd made. I got the four boxes I'd left in the closet, plus the plug kit. I'd forgotten to get lube for the plugs, but I didn't think finding a source of lubrication would be a problem, especially for the small plug. I showed her the small plug. 

"We'll begin by preparing your ass now," I said. "After twenty four hours with the smallest plug, you'll graduate to the next largest size and so on until you've had the largest one in your bottom for one day. Any time after that, I'll be able to fuck your ass."

"Yes, sir."

I slid the small plug into her pussy, getting it nice and wet in her fluids. "Spread your legs as far as you can," I said. "This is going in now."

Julia parted her legs as wide as he could and I pushed the tip of her plug past her sphincter and into her bottom. She whimpered a bit as it went in, but it slid in without any problem. It wasn't very big. 

"You may remove this to use the bathroom. When you're done, it should go back in so it keeps stretching you." 

I also showed her the whip and the 'Enforcer'. Julia's eyes grew wide. 

"For when a slave must be punished," I said. "I won't use the whip until after Mistress Dark's visit. I want her to supervise the first one to ensure I'm doing it correctly."

"Will it hurt, sir?"

"I'm sure it will, though not so bad you would be unable to handle it," I said. "Both Slut and Rose tolerated and even enjoyed it. It's the purpose for my learning to do it right, so I don't botch it up." 

I pulled out the nipple clamps as well. "I think we should put these on now and test them out."

Julia watched with bated fascination as I opened them up so they'd fit her long, thick nipples. I suckled the left one a few moments to confirm its hardness, then put the clamp over it and started tightening down. Julia moaned as it tightened.

"It almost feels as if you're biting it, sir," she said, "except you don't release it right away."

I tightened it until it wouldn't fall off, then did the other one. The ends of her nipples were a darker red and I flicked my tongue over the tips, making her moan again and tug against her chains. I set the timer on my watch for fifteen minutes as Mistress Dark suggested. Lastly, I removed the vibrating Slave Trainer from the box. 

"This is going to help you become a white silk slave. In addition to what it obviously is, a vibrator, it's more. This is designed to stimulate you constantly without allowing you to orgasm. As soon as the sensors realize you're close to climax it shuts off. When your immediate need has passed, it starts again. It will do so indefinitely. You are not allowed to remove it. I will do so if it's necessary. I'll be home so it should be no problem if you need to use the toilet. If you want to cum, you will need to suck my cock. When I'm cumming in your mouth, I'll override the safety and let you orgasm. 

"It has the ability to detect when it's removed and if you have an unpermitted orgasm. I will receive an alert on my phone if you do either. Obviously, orgasms without permission will result in punishment, thirty swats, the first of the day with my hand, the second and subsequent ones with this paddle or whip. Both Slut and Rose said this was more painful than a whip or hand, at least as it is administered by Mistress Dark. My understanding is it stings like hell, but won't leave you marked or bruised. None of your punishment devices should leave you marked or bruised, only redness which should fade in a few hours. Removing it without permission will also result in punishment, depending on the reason for its removal. If you need to charge it, that would be an acceptable reason, but as soon as its charged again, it goes back in. Do you have any questions about what I've instructed thus far?"

"No, sir."

"Then it's time to begin your training."

I inserted the penile projection of the Slave Trainer into her pussy and secured it with the straps. I'd previously downloaded the app and inspected it's features and so it only took a few moments to start it up. Julia moaned when it started. I left her secured and went into the kitchen to make supper, essentially reheating leftover pot roast Julia made on Wednesday. I could hear her in the living room, alternatively moaning and cursing when the device shut itself off. Apparently, she was quite close to orgasm as I heard her curse twice while I was preparing the food. My timer went off and I went to her and removed Julia's nipple clamps.

"Please let me cum, Master. I'll suck your cock if you just let me cum."

"I'm still working on supper. I don't have time now." 

She groaned when I went back in the kitchen. I set the table, put the food down and went back and released her from the chain. She dropped kneeling to the ground and tried to suck my cock. I pulled her up, saying I was hungry and needed to eat before we could start playing. Liquid was seeping down her leg, not the thicker cream of her cum, but the thinner lubricant of her aroused pussy. I sat down at the table and pulled her into my lap. The leg of my pants immediately got wet where she was sitting. I started eating, while feeding her, taking approximately two bites to every one of hers. She could barely think of food, she was so turned on. 

I ate approximately half my food and she begged to suck my cock again. "I can do it while you're eating," Julia said, practically quivering with need.

"All right," I said, "if you insist."

She dropped to her knees again and fished my cock out of my pants. I had close to a full blown erection. Having a naked slave girl squirming on your lap begging to suck your cock would do that. It had been twenty-four hours for me. Her mouth was on me like bees on honey. I would venture to say I've never had a more enthusiastic blow job. She couldn't get all of me down, but she was doing all else in her power to make me cum quickly. It wasn't long before I sensed the tell tale signs of my impending release. I opened the app and the second I felt my cum spurting between her lips, I cancelled the override. Not five seconds after I was drowning her in my cum, she moaned and spasmed, gasping sweetly over my shaft. She swallowed all of it. When I was clean, I pulled her up into my lap again and put it back on override. 

"You didn't ask for permission to cum, slave," I whispered in her ear. "I thought you would have learned before now."

"I still had to ask for permission even though I was swallowing your cum?" Julia asked.

"Every time you need to orgasm, you must ask for permission. The rules are very clear."

"Yes, sir. I'm sorry, sir."

"You must also thank me each time I give you an orgasm."

"Thank you for my orgasm, Master."

We managed to finish dinner before she started squirming again. 

"Please, sir. May I suck your cock, sir?"

"I just climaxed, slave. I'm a man and incapable to cumming again so quickly. Besides, we have to clear the dishes and clean the kitchen."

She nodded dejectedly. She tried to help clean up, but she was as jumpy as a cat in a room full of mouse traps. No focus or concentration at all. I sent her into the living room so I could finish up. 

"I suggest you put a towel or two on the seats before you sit down," I said. "Look at how wet my pants leg got from you sitting on it." It's a good thing most of our furniture had some surface other than cloth.

She looked at the large wet spot and replied, "Yes, sir."

Julia went into the living room and tried to watch TV; anything to distract her from the intermittent buzzing in her pussy, though from what I could see, she wasn't having much success in diverting herself. Finishing up, I went and sat beside her on the couch, lightly stroking her breasts as we watched Last Man Standing. About halfway through the show, she pleaded with me to suck me off again. 

"You can try, but I'm not sure if I'll be ready," I answered. Who was I kidding. I was enjoying her frustration and the obvious need she had to cum. I was half hard before she started.

She lowered my zipper and began sucking my cock again. Her enthusiasm was heart warming. Within ten minutes, I warned her I was close and she asked for permission to cum herself. I turned off the override and gave her permission. In thirty seconds or less, I was emptying myself into her mouth and she was cumming. I knew she was still having problems with the texture of my cum, but her own orgasm overwhelmed her to the point she barely grimaced getting it down. 

She thanked me for her orgasm, but in twenty minutes, she was begging me again. 

"I know I'm nowhere ready to climax some more, but why don't we test the orgasm detection functions of the device. I give you my permission to begin masturbating."

Eager to do anything which would let her cum again, Julia put her hand down and started lightly stroking her clit, standing at attention atop her slit. In two or three minutes she was cumming again, her ass bouncing off the couch as she was overcome with her passion. My phone received an alert; 'orgasm detected'.

"Slave. You didn't ask for permission to cum. You're up to sixty swats, now, thirty with the paddle."

"Master, you gave me permission."

"I gave you permission to begin masturbating, not to cum."

Her mind drifted back to the conversation we'd just had and realized I was right. 

"I can't think straight, sir. All I want to do is cum."

"And I would have happily granted permission if you asked. You only have to ask."

"Please give them to me now, sir," she said. "I don't think I can take ninety in a row."

Actually, I was worried about sixty in a row, thirty of them with the Enforcer. Neither of us were experienced in doing this. I turned off the TV. I couldn't concentrate on it much myself.

"I'll give you thirty now and thirty before we go to bed," I said. "Try not to have any more unpermitted orgasms before bedtime."

"Yes, sir. Thank you, Master."

I removed my pants. No sense in soaking them anymore than the were. She got over my lap on the couch, still squirming from the Slave Trainer. At least I was doing one thing right. Mistress Dark said making your slave aroused was good when planning to administer punishment. Julia had been aroused practically from the time I got home. She'd been wet when I stripped her. I had her kiss my hand and instructed her to keep count. 

Since she was getting thirty more later with the paddle, I decided I'd go easier than I had on Thursday. I was a little more than halfway through when she said, "Master, I think I'm going to cum. Permission to cum, sir?" 

I gave her permission, but stopped striking her, fascinated. Nothing happened that I could see and I didn't get another alert on my phone, so I asked, "Do you still need to cum or is it receding?"

"The need is receding back to my normal feeling with the Slave Trainer in me, sir," she replied.

"To what would you attribute the difference? Was it the spanking?"

"I'm not exactly sure, sir. I have the butt plug in and as you're spanking me, it is wiggling around in my butt. Perhaps it's the plug, sir."

Either one would be interesting to me. If it was the motion of the plug, then it was likely Julia could enjoy anal sex. If it was the spanking, then perhaps she might enjoy her punishment a little as Slut did. It would be nice if she experienced some pleasure from her punishment. She would become a more enjoyable part of her slave experience.

"You have my permission to cum if the feeling returns, slave."

"Thank you, sir."

I started up again, going slower and more conscious of where my hand was striking and how much I was hitting her butt plug. Before we reached the thirty, Julia squirmed deliciously on my lap and my phone received another alert. She'd had an orgasm. I finished out the thirty.

"Thank me for your punishment in addition to your orgasm, slave.

"Thank you, sir, for punishing your disobedient slave and for allowing her to cum."

"The Slave Trainer has about a two hour operating time and recharges in thirty minutes. It's been on almost two hours now. Let's remove it and double check whether I get the removal alert. You may take it out."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"Thank you, Master. It's very difficult keeping it on when you can't keep up with me."

"Are you sassing me, slave?"

"No, Master. Simply telling it like it is."

I laughed. She was definitely sassing me, but I loved it. I likely deserved it.

Julia removed it so she could see how it was done. She'd cum four times on the device and it was very creamy from her releases and near constant state of arousal. I told her to wash it thoroughly, then put it on it's charger. It used inductive charging, like an Apple Watch. No holes for water to get into. She should also use the time to use the bathroom if necessary. She did as I bid, then returned to me. Julia laid her head on my shoulder, and kissed me, my neck, then my lips when I turned to her.

"Is it what you expected, slave?"

"I expected my Master to be fucking me more frequently. His tendency to use my mouth is somewhat disappointing to a lowly slave though I understand his desire for me to become more proficient than his slave is currently."

"Yes. You're only a marginal white silk slave. When Mistress Dark comes tomorrow, she believes she can correct your other deficiencies."

Julia was silent for awhile. "When is my Master going to provide his slave with the balance of her punishment?"

"When the Slave Trainer is recharged. Mistress Dark believes sexual arousal releases endorphins in the body which counteract the pain of punishment. She believes I should pleasure you while punishing you until I've become a more proficient Master."

"Do you believe it was the reason I climaxed while you were spanking me, sir?"

"I'm not sure. It was undoubtedly a contributing factor, keeping you close to orgasm, though whether the spanking or the plug was the precipitating factor is unknown. I'm sure we'll have much more time to experiment during your slavery."

We held each other silently for awhile, taking pleasure in the others nakedness, the explosive potential waiting for the tiniest spark to set it off. 

"Why don't you call your parents and tell them not to drop by unexpectedly during the next three weeks."

Julia called. She told them that she and I were experimenting with some home nudity to help reignite the passions of our early years of marriage. It would be helpful if they didn't just drop by as it could easily be we'd be indisposed. Please try to give us a days advance notice. They seemed to buy it. Of course if they did come by and see the new furniture, her little lie would go flying out the window. 

I called my own parents when she was done. Of course Julia could only hear my side of the conversation.

"Hey, Dad, Scott here. How are you and mom?"

"Doing great. How about you and that sweet little wife of yours?"

"We're doing very well," I said, "but it brings up something I wanted to mention to you. Julia and I are playing out a few of her fantasies to recharge our sex life. It's going great, but there's quite a bit of nudity and sex play going on at our house right now. It would be very helpful if you and mom didn't just pop in. Could lead to a bit of embarrassment."

"It doesn't affect our coming over to play euchre Sunday night, does it?"

"No, nothing like that. We're still able to make plans. Nothing changes except we don't want any surprise visits. Might put a crimp in the fun and games."

Dad laughed. "We certainly don't want to put crimps anywhere they don't have to be. I'll let your mother know. Maybe you can tell us a little more over cards."

"A little more. You'll probably figure it out." How could he not with bondage furniture in the living room.

"See you tomorrow son. Don't do anything I wouldn't do."

"I can't make any guarantees," I said. He laughed and disconnected.

"Did they agree to no surprise visits?" My slave asked.

"No surprises," I said. I kissed her and wondered if she remembered they were coming over for cards Sunday. Might be interesting to see what happened Sunday morning, although she was swallowing now without complaint, despite her distaste in doing so. 

"I'm going to put you in the stocks for your second round of punishment," I said.

"As my Master wishes," Julia replied. 

Julia stood up and moved to the stocks. She calmly placed her hands and neck in the proffered spots and I lowered the upper arm trapping her in them. I attached her ankle cuffs to restraining chains on the bottom spreading her legs out, then lowered the whole thing until her head was at the height of my cock. I suspected I might be ready when her punishment was completed. I got the Slave Trainer from the charger and reinserted it in her lovely pussy and turned it on. I wanted to give it a few minutes to warm Julia up, so while I was waiting, I sent a text to Mistress Dark asking her to bring another item with her tomorrow, an additional purchase. Before I struck her, I used the Enforcer on my bare thigh to see how it felt. Even a light stroke felt like a jolt of electricity went through me and I flinched. Hearing the smack, Julia did too, even though I didn't strike her. The sound alone was fearsome. 

I would have to be very careful. It was difficult to determine when light was too hard and hard too much to withstand. I figured I'd start very lightly as it was always easier to warm up than to cool down once the damage was done. Julia kissed the Enforcer when I offered it to her lips, then braced herself as best she could. She was told to count. I started with half as hard as I struck myself. Even so, the sound was loud. Julia flinched, but didn't speak, nor even groan, so that was a good sign. A red mark appeared on her beautiful ass. I moved around, trying not to hit the same spots twice in a row. Left side, right side, top to bottom, even the backs of her thighs, including the tender crease where her legs swell to ass cheeks. I never struck her substantially harder than the first, but she was sobbing and crying before I finished, though she never used her safe word. She'd wanted to experience the life of a slave girl, and slaves were punished. 

When I was finished, I proffered my cock and she opened wide and took what she could of it. Though tears still streaked her cheeks, she was credibly sucking my cock while I fucked her face. Within ten minutes, the urge to cum was starting. I lifted the override and told her she could cum. It was only fair since my cock filled her mouth and she couldn't withdraw and ask. We both climaxed together, her moans of pleasure muffled by my spurting erection, though still music to my ears. I released her and carried her to our bedroom while she held onto me, her arms around my neck. 

The Slave Trainer kept her up for the next hour and a half, desperate to cum again. She lay with her head on my abs, my cock in her mouth, willing me to get hard again so she could get relief. Finally, her wish was granted and I filled her mouth with what little cum I had left so she could finally orgasm herself. I removed the device and washed it, and put it on the charger, allowing her and me respite from her desires for a few hours. I set the alarm for a suitably early time to start her training again.

******

HER

I silently cursed the name of the man who invented the Slave Trainer and damned him to hell. It could only be a man who'd invented a device to keep a woman on the edge of orgasm without granting her relief. It would be like hooking a man's cock to an automatic milking machine and setting it to run until it had a gallon of cum. After keeping me in a state of arousal for six hours last night, Scott was at it again this morning. It wasn't so bad suffering his cumming in my mouth for the pleasure of my release; the damn thing did a fine job of making me cum when he allowed it to and the orgasms were both powerful and a welcome relief from the constant need. 

The biggest problem was the time it took Scott to recover afterwards. He didn't turn it off while he recharged and I was left hanging until the next time he was able to orgasm. I could easily be climaxing every ten to fifteen minutes, but he had no hope of keeping up with me that often. It was frustrating waiting for him when all I wanted to do was cum. I supposed it's what made it a highly effective training device. You'd be willing to do most anything to cum again.

I was a lowly slave and Master didn't care whether I needed to cum or not. The fucking device was on the charger again, so at least I had some respite from my needs while we waited. He removed my collar and cuffs so I could shower and manage my other morning needs, before returning them to their positions on my body. Master put on shorts and prepared breakfast which we ate while it charged; a good thing considering I'd wanted to cum so bad last night, I barely ate. I scarfed down the bacon and eggs Scott made for me. He ate a lot too, we were both expending a fair amount of energy on sex.

At nine, the doorbell rang. Mistress Dark, I was sure. Scott said she was arriving at nine. Master told me to display and I stood as he'd taught me to stand. Mistress Dark was wearing a light coat, which I wondered about since it was still mid-summer, but the why was answered when Master took her coat revealing she had thigh high red boots, a red and black g-string and matching corset from which her D cup breasts spilled over the top off, revealing large nipples set in tea cup sized areolae. 

"Did you build this?" She asked, indicating our new furniture.

"I did, though it's still rough. We have plans to stain and seal it."

"Is it a permanent fixture or can it be moved?"

"It can be broken down fairly easily," Scott said. "We intend on moving it to the rumpus room in the basement after her slavery is complete." 

"I could easily sell these for five or six thousand apiece if you would be willing to make more," Mistress Dark said. "You should see the prices they charge for bondage furniture and this is much nicer and more complete than most."

"Really? Perhaps something for my slave to work on to bring money into the household when I have to go back to work. Did you bring everything I requested," Scott asked.

"Of course," she answered.

"Is it charged?"

"Indisputably," Mistress Dark answered.

Was what charged, I wondered.

"So this is your slave," Mistress Dark said, approaching me. "She's lovely. I'm very impressed." 

She ran a hand over my breast, pinching my nipple. Master warned me to stand still no matter what, so I did. I moaned, however, it was so unexpected. Next her hand drifted down my stomach, over my pubic mound and two fingers glided through my slit. I managed to remain quiet for that, but jumped and a startled "ugh" slipped out when the same two fingers penetrated my pussy. Her fingers delved into my wetness for a few seconds before her hand went to my ass next and found the butt plug inserted in my rectum.

"Preparing her for anal sex?" Mistress Dark asked.

"Yes," Master answered. 

"Kneel," Mistress Dark ordered and I assumed the next position.

"Have you said anything to her yet?" She asked.

That sounded ominous to me. What would he have said?

"No, only that you're going to teach her to deep throat and monitor her first experience with the whip."

Mistress Dark smiled and I wasn't particularly fond of it. It looked cruel. I suspected she was a hard Mistress to satisfy.

"Have you ever been with a woman?" Mistress Dark asked.

"Answer the question," Master ordered.

"In college, a friend and I experimented some, but it only ever extended to kisses and furtive touching of each other, never cunnilingus," I said.

"You are about to be faced with your first choice, slave," Master said. "Mistress Dark charges $150 an hour for her services. We can avoid these charges if she's allowed to teach you to lick pussy."

"Pay her, Master," I said, not particularly wanting to learn this new skill.

"You haven't heard the choice yet," Master said. "The choice is this. Learn to lick pussy from Mistress Dark or wear the Slave Trainer for the next 24 hours without being allowed to orgasm at all since I will have to pay for her services." For a moment I thought, except for when it's charging, but the thought was immediately dashed when Master said, "Mistress Dark has brought another one with her and by switching back and forth, there will be no time when a Slave Trainer is not in you. Your arousal will be constant and unending for one day without relief. I'm considering this choice because while you may have assumed any sex you had with others would be with men, it could equally be a woman. In fact, a woman would be the easier choice for me to offer in future options as it doesn't have the same negative emotional impact that seeing you with a man might have. If you are faced with a choice in the future where a woman was the choice, knowing you've been trained to please one and having faced it already, it may not be as difficult a choice to make, given the other alternative would be equally bad. Of course, as per our agreement; the choice now is yours."

Master kept quiet, waiting for my decision. He'd made the option available and wasn't pushing me to choose either choice. I'd just gone through roughly eight hours of high end arousal for much of the last fifteen hours, craving sexual release for most of that time. Considering I might go through twenty-four hours of the same without any satisfaction at all was a horrible choice. I imagined I might be able to get through it somehow, though driven nearly mad in the bargain. And to top it all off, refusal now did not obviate the possibility I wouldn't face further choices involving a woman. Going through it now may make for an easier choice sometime in the future. At least I would know what I faced. Now, I knew nothing of being with a woman except a brief flirtation with another girl in school. 

Fuck. Master was not going to make this easy for me. He said there would be hard choices and he was right. In a way, it was easier because Scott had previously said it might be fun to see me with a woman, where he'd been adamant regarding infidelity with a man. So I was aware there were more emotional pitfalls for him if I chose to have sex with a man than if I were to have sex now with Mistress Dark. 

"She may teach me to lick pussy, sir," I said quietly, looking at the floor.

"Excellent," Mistress Dark said. "Don't be so despondent, dear," raising my head to look at her. "It's not as bad as all that. I'm told you've already tasted yourself on your Master's cock, so the taste won't be unfamiliar to you, and as a bonus; you get to have an orgasm every time I do, and I'm quite orgasmic, so you should have a good time learning. Scott, should we start with deep throating, or cunt licking?"

"I've already cum twice this morning," Master said. "You might as well start with cunt licking. Slave, while Mistress Dark is here, you will not need to request permission to orgasm."

Mistress Dark handed him another Slave Trainer. "Put her Trainer in and we'll get started. Do you mind if we retire to your bedroom, Scott?" Mistress Dark asked. "We might as well get comfortable."

"No, of course not." Master put my Slave Trainer in me. In minutes, I'd be wet and wanting again.

"Bring along your Enforcer," she said. "We'll need it later."

Mistress Dark took my hand, drew me to my feet and led me to our bedroom, Master trailing behind me. She made me kneel in front of her. 

"I believe that all sex initiated by slaves towards their Masters or Mistresses should be a seduction. The Master or Mistress may take their slaves hard, and anywhere and anytime they wish, but any initiated by the slave should be to please and tempt them. It is your responsibility to be pleasing and a seductress; to soothe them and ease their weariness. To encourage a Master to hardness even if he's just fucked you. You'll also practice this process on your Master when we begin your other training later. Given what I just said, I want you to seduce me."

What did I know about seducing a woman? I'd even stopped trying to seduce men when I'd gotten married. I was about ten years out of practice. She was waiting patiently for something to happen. I tried to remember scenes to movies or books where seductions occurred. 

"Does your Master need to use the Enforcer on you?" Mistress Dark asked.

"I apologize, Mistress. It's been a long time since I tried to seduce anyone. I'm not sure I've ever tried to seduce anyone. When sex happened, it just happened. I've either never known or am so long out of practice, I don't know what to do. I was attempting to conjure scenes from movies or books to follow, but my mind is blank."

"This is a problem with most marriages," Mistress Dark said, "and the reason some Master/slave relationships are superior to mere marriages. Having attained your goal of marriage, you quit trying to please and attract your mate. If people spent as much time trying to hold onto what they already had, far fewer marriages would end in divorce. I would never give up a good slave, one who was doing all in her power to please me. My slaves are constantly striving for my attention. If a wife did the same, her husband would never leave her, or vice versa. Stand up."

I stood and Mistress Dark knelt at my feet. She proceeded to demonstrate what she wanted, beginning with kissing my feet, including licking them. She ran her hands up my legs as she was prostate at my feet, kissing them. Her touch was light, a whisper, yet I shivered. She started kissing up my leg, following her hands. Her lips, soft, pliant, delicate as they trailed up my inner thigh. She caressed and squeezed my ass cheeks as her mouth approached my sex. I was reminded of what Scott had done a few days ago. His had been a teasing seduction like this. No, slam, bam, thank you, ma'am, lick my clit, get me off, then fuck me hard. When he'd finally touched me, I'd almost exploded I was so ready. Mistress Dark was doing the same, and to the same effect. As reluctant as I'd been moments ago thinking I would be required to have sex with a woman, I was wanting and needful when her mouth found my pussy. She stopped before I orgasmed, leaving me panting. Her lips were wet with my fluids when she stood. 

"You should do this or something similar every time your Master returns home. Make him feel loved and desired. I told him he should have two slaves who competed for his affections. Then a slave would realize she can be replaced if she's not pleasing to him. Now, you do the same to me. You have a cunt. You know what you like. Assume I will like much the same."

And so I proceeded to do as she suggested. Long, lingering kisses on her flesh; light loving touches, a teasing seduction of her body. When I peeled her g-string down her legs, her pussy was as moist as mine. I could smell her, her desire, her arousal, so like the scent on my fingers after touching myself. Her folds were parted, flushed with blood, dewy with her fluids. I closed my eyes and kissed my first cunt, the taste both foreign and familiar. I did the same slow seduction of her pussy as I did her body. She moaned, pleased with my performance. 

My tongue traversed her slit from her sheath to her clit, tasting, teasing, finding all the hidden spots that made her moan or rub herself against me. Her breathing quickened, panting breaths filled with her passion. Her clitoris was unhooded, a pencil point, almost white against the dark pink of her pussy. I licked the tip and she gasped. I gently sucked the tiny nub and her hips rolled against my face and my chin was inundated with more of her juices. 

"I'm cumming dear girl. Mmmm. Very good. You show excellent progress." She must have signaled Master because my own orgasm flooded through me just after hers flooded my mouth.

Mistress Dark lay back on the bed and spread her legs. "Again. Use your fingers this time. Every nerve ending should be explored, every hidden place forced to give up its secrets, every inch of skin caressed, inside and out."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
So it began and by the time she'd had ten orgasms, I knew her body more intimately than I knew my own. Every place that made her quiver, every nerve which made her moan, every touch that made her squirm. I knew them all. I never knew anyone else's body half so well. My face was drenched in her cum. Each time she orgasmed, I was allowed to as well. I realized I was slowly beginning to equate another's pleasure with my own. Each time they orgasmed, I did too. It was enforcing a mind set of 'If I wanted to receive pleasure, I must first give it'.

"Very good, dear slave. I'm quite proud of your skill level. We have only one more thing you need to accomplish. A slave's pleasure is secondary to her owners. You must never forget your primary responsibility is to your owner's pleasure. You lose concentration and focus on the task at hand when you cum. You must not. Despite what's happening to your cunt, you will pay the strictest attention to the cock or cunt in front of you. Scott, turn off the override on the Slave Trainer. She may cum as often as she desires, but if she loses concentration on what she's doing for one second, I will signal you and you will smack her bottom hard with the Enforcer."

It took Mistress Dark five more orgasms before I got through any of my own without neglecting her needs.

"Go wash your face, slave. It's time you begin your second lesson. Scott, turn the orgasm override back on." 

I left and when I returned, Master was on the bed in Mistress Dark's place, though he was still dressed in his shorts.

"Seduce your Master as you just seduced me," Mistress Dark said.

As I did to Mistress Dark, I also did to my Master, a slow seduction of all of him, taking my time, engaging him, as much of him as I could, using my lips, my tongue, my hands. When I finally released his cock from his shorts, he was hard as a steel rod, the skin stretched tight as a drum over the head. I suspected he'd also liked the show; his slave licking Mistress Dark's cunt. I was experienced enough to know lesbian sex was a very popular type of porn enjoyed by men. Apparently two pussies were nearly always better than one.

"You have a lovely cock, Scott," Mistress Dark said. "I can see why your slave might have problems taking all of you in her throat. If I might suggest, to start, let your slave get over you like you were going to sixty-nine. Your cock has a small upward bend which is good for fucking her, but might make it more difficult to suck. Sucking from above you will allow your cock to follow the natural contours of her throat." 

Without waiting for Master to order it, I got into position. Perhaps he would feel free to touch me. I still wanted to cum, the Slave Trainer keeping me on the edge.

"The secret to deep throating cock, little slave, is when you feel him at the back of your throat and feel the need to gag, you must swallow. Keep swallowing as long as the gagging feeling persists. When you're eating, you don't gag when food goes down your throat. I don't know why, whether swallowing suppresses the gag reflex or your body realizes from swallowing that the food is in your throat temporarily, but it works. You'll also breathe through your nose, and take breaths when he's not down your throat. Now watch me for a moment."

Mistress Dark put Master's cock in her mouth and within ten seconds, had worked her lips to the base. She did a few up and down bobs of her head to show me him all the way down each time, taking breaths at the top, then her lips nestled in his pubic hair. Finally she rose up and off him, leaving his cock wet and shiny with her saliva. I was impressed. I doubted I'd ever taken much more than half of him myself and I'd been practicing on him for ten years. She'd done it in ten seconds. Master's cock was quivering. I suspected he might cum soon.

"Now, you try, slave, and if you aren't successful, imagine a slave who is, wanting to take your Master from you."

She'd made it seem so easy. I did as she'd suggested and I think I got almost three-fourths of him down on my first attempt. Unfortunately, Master was close to climaxing and he flooded my throat with his cum and I pulled off him, sputtering and choking, his last few spurts shooting up and hitting me in the face. Mistress Dark spanked my bottom hard and told me not to waste his precious cum and told me to get my mouth back onto his cock and keep sucking him through his climax. A second swat to my bottom and I was sucking his cock desperately, feeling the slimy stuff roll into my mouth. 

"No orgasm for you," Mistress Dark said. "Get him hard again."

Master had cum three times this morning, though two were much earlier. Still, I didn't expect it would be easy to get him to an erection, but the days activities thus far might have aroused him more than I suspected. He never got completely soft and while he was at his smallest, I found I could easily take all of him in my mouth. As he grew, so did my ability to accept him and even when he was full sized, all of him fitted in my throat.

Mistress removed the orgasm override and within seconds I was climaxing. The second I lost focus on Master's cock, she smacked me with the Enforcer and I jumped. She hit me much harder than Master did. 

"Focus on your Master's cock," she ordered. "You owe him all your attention. It doesn't matter what's happening to you. I don't care if you're getting fucked in the ass, lavish all your attention on the prick in your mouth." 

I did a little better after that, not wanting to be swatted again. Mistress Dark changed things up again. She grasped the end of my butt plug and started fucking me with it, up and down, never withdrawing it. I gasped and failed to pay attention to Master's cock. Smack! Fuck! I redoubled my efforts. She didn't stop. Between the Slave Trainer and her playing with my anal plug, I was cumming over and over. I earned a couple more swats, but then none. When Master orgasmed again, I swallowed all of his cream without a problem.

Mistress Dark patted my bottom. "Very good, slave. I'm impressed again. It usually takes a couple training sessions to reach your levels of expertise. Each time you pleasure your Master, explore, discover what he likes and what he loves. You should know his body as well as you know your own, perhaps even better. We have only one more thing to accomplish, Scott."

"Yes," Master said. "I want you to supervise her first whipping and ensure I'm doing it right." 

"I'd suggest the St. Andrew's cross for the first one," Mistress Dark said. "Her movements are more limited, which makes it more unlikely she'll move enough for you to strike something you didn't intend to."

"I hadn't thought of that."

"Yes, if slaves are allowed to wiggle and squirm too much, it's almost inevitable they'll move someplace you weren't expecting and be struck somewhere you wished you hadn't."

His slave was another object in the room. They were discussing me as if I didn't matter. I was a slave, they were Masters. Sex slaves were good for one thing, sex. I was a sex slave and now I was enslaved to a strong Master, like my fantasies, except I loved my Master. He wasn't some space alien who'd captured me; he was my husband.

"Let's remove her Slave Trainer," Mistress Dark said. "She's cum enough her body should still be flooded with endorphins."

"Take it out, slave," Master said.

I removed it. You couldn't see the original color on the penile projection, only the white layers of my cum. I don't know how many times I'd orgasmed, but it was a lot.

Master smiled at me. "Go wash it off slave and stick it on the charger."

"Yes, Master." I moved to obey. When we started last night, I'd thought of my husband as Scott more than half the time, needing to concentrate to remember to use Sir or Master when addressing him. Now, I was barely thinking Scott at all. He was becoming my Master. I was sinking into my role. I was becoming his slave.

I returned and Master fastened me on the cross with my backside out. Mistress was right. There was very little play when I was secured. I doubted I could move more than an inch or two in any direction. 

"Remember what I taught you on Tuesday. Test the whip on yourself first. Start with her buttocks at the same strength you decided for yourself. Give her thirty on her back, spread out all over, harder on her bottom, less hard on her back and legs." 

Apparently, there was a method to the madness. I heard Master striking himself a few times, then felt the lashes flick on my bottom. It was painful, but not as bad as I expected. I gave a small squeak, then realized it was less than anticipated and saved more noise for when it became more painful. It eventually did, but never as bad as I thought it would and then it was over, and I'd survived. 

Master removed my restraints, but instead of releasing me, he turned me outward so my back was against the cross and I was facing them. My bottom burned where it touched the cross and I was thankful to have padded the wood and covered it with vinyl. 

"Is Master going to whip my front now?"

"I am."

"I think you should put her nipple clamps on before doing this," Mistress Dark said. 

Master got them and my nipples were hard buds, easy to place the clamps on. It was painful, but a good pain, like last night.

Mistress Dark came up to me and stroked my cheek. "Your Master cannot strike the front of your body with his hand or a paddle. It would be much too severe. The whip is a much better tool for this. You're stronger than you think, little one. You can do this. Thirty more to the front, Scott." 

I was taller than she was, yet she called me little one. So far, I'd managed everything else thrown at me today. I suppose I could manage this as well. I determined I'd be as brave and strong as I could be, for my Master.

I saw him test the whip on himself again, perhaps uncertain because of where he'd be striking me. Satisfied he'd found it, the lash fell on my stomach and I flinched. Again, not as bad as I expected. His strokes grew harder, then lighter. The first time the lash struck my breasts, I gasped, the sudden pain like fire, yet again, not as bad as I expected. The same when he struck my vulva. It hurt, but not excruciatingly so. It fell into a rhythm, a small burst of sharp pain, slowly wearing away to an overall heat which seemed to spread to all corners of my body, centered on my cunt. 

"Thirty," Mistress Dark said, "now fuck her, hard, right on the cross."

Master came to me, bent his knees and slid his cock right into my pussy, warm and wet and the first time he'd filled me as slave. With the plug in my ass, I was as full as I'd ever been in my life, climaxing instantly and I wished to hold him as he fucked me, but I was pinned to the cross, a butterfly on display. In and out, fucking me as hard as he could, riding me through my orgasm, giving me another, then another. I was sobbing hysterically, all the tension built from my whipping, pouring out through my cunt. 

"Master," I sighed. "Fuck me. Fuck your slave's cunt. Cum in me. I want to feel you cum in me."

His hands grasped my ass as he plunged into me, over and over. I lost my sense of self, becoming only an object to be fucked, to be filled, to be used by a Master. He was a machine, emptied multiple times today and able to keep going long past our usual sex. When he orgasmed, it was anti-climactic, his cock swelling and sending a small amount of cum into the heated cauldron of my pussy awash with my own.

We were both breathing hard when he released me. I clung to him like a barnacle, kissing him wildly.

"Kneel," Mistress Dark ordered and I fell to my knees, still breathing hard. She released my nipple clamps, then said, "Show me you haven't forgotten how to lick cunt, slave." 

Using every fragment of skill drilled into me by her earlier, I gave Mistress Dark another orgasm.

"A very satisfying day," she said. "I suspect you have a natural born sex slave, Scott. I've never seen anyone take to it so fast. I'd love to hear about her progress through the next three weeks."

I was leaning against my Master's leg, holding and stroking his leg. "I'll be happy to keep you updated on her progress," Master said.

"I believe you can ease up on the Slave Trainer for the most part. She has no discernible aversion to your cum anymore. It won't hurt to fuck her until she asks for permission to cum, then make her finish you in her mouth. All in all, you have a delectable slave slut in whom you can take great pride."

"I do," Master said. "I love my slave a great deal. How much do I owe you for the other things I purchased?"

"$529. I included the ball gag for free."

What other items had Master purchased? Then I smiled to myself because I knew it didn't matter. I'd find out soon enough.

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 06|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-06|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<em>Julia starts getting tested by her Master. This episode contains public sex and nudity, lesbian sex, oral sex, sex toys, some bondage and discipline, as well as the usual. STD's are not a problem in this particular fantasy world. It's possible you might recognize or not; that I've changed Julia's and Scott's last names from Thompson to Rivers. I realized Thompson was being used in another story I'm writing. It appeared twice in Chapter 4. I don't often use them, so it's possible you didn't notice, but if you did, I'm explaining.</em> 

<strong><em>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 6 - The Next Few Days</em></strong> 

SCOTT 

Julia's training with Mistress Dark had gone even better than I might have expected. She'd responded well to all aspects of her training. She could deep throat me now, which she'd never been able to accomplish before, and was regularly swallowing, without showing any of the distaste and dislike she normally exhibited. We were both physically exhausted, being up half the night with her training device in, driving her to distraction, and the orgasms today were draining. We took a nap, my slave snuggled up against me. 

When we woke, I wanted to play with my slave again, not worry about food, so I ordered a pizza to be delivered. I told Julia she would be answering the door and paying for the pizza, and she would do so dressed as she was now, naked. She shivered when I told her, realizing her slavery would not strictly be conducted in private. 

"Give me the money," Julia said, "so I can get rid of whoever quickly." 

"No, you misunderstand me, slave. You are to greet them as if you're clothed. Take your time, chat nicely, invite them in while you get the money. You'll walk over to me, calm, cool and collected and I'll give you the cash, then you'll walk back the same, giving the delivery person an eyeful." 

"Master!" She exclaimed. "You'd display me naked to the delivery person?" 

"I would. Slaves are always slaves. They don't get to choose when their Master dresses them. When he has guests, or conducts business, she will wear what she's wearing. Your usual reading fare shows slaves being humiliated by their naked slavery, forced to display themselves before others. The only dispensations I'm allowing you is the community standards of today. If I took you out naked, we'd likely both be arrested, but you will likely wear as little as the law allows. Inside our own home, anything is allowed." 

Julia shivered again. She was nervous now and couldn't stop pacing while we waited for whoever to arrive. Our normal pizza delivery place used male and female drivers almost equally. I wondered whether she hoped a man or a woman would deliver today. Which would it be easier to be naked in front of? 

The doorbell rang and Julia looked at me again, panicked like a cornered animal. I nodded to her and she took a deep breath. Her expression changed from one of total panic to one of calm collection and she went to answer the door. 

"Hello," I heard her say. "Why don't you come in. I'll get the money for you." 

A young man stepped in through the door holding the pizza while Julia closed the door. His eyes were as big as saucers. She sauntered over to me and got the money, smoothly pivoted and returned to him. She handed him the money, telling him to keep the change and collected the pizza. For a few seconds, they had a whispered conversation, then she thanked him and let him out. 

The moment she closed the door, she rushed back to me, breathing hard as if she'd held her breath the whole time. She tossed the pizza box on the couch, pulled down my zipper and found my cock hard and waiting. She pulled down my shorts and mounted me and we fucked like minks. She climaxed twice without asking for permission, she was so excited. When I was about to cum, I told her to take me in her mouth. She got down on her knees and my cock disappeared down her throat. In seconds, I swelled and sent a surge of cum into her mouth which she gobbled down eagerly. Sated, I told her to get us drinks and she came back with some colas over ice. 

"Well," I asked, "how was it?" 

"Master, you couldn't tell from my reaction how excited I was?" 

"Actually, I could," I said, handing her a slice of pizza. It had lost much of its warmth. "You orgasmed twice without permission. You were only excused of doing so while Mistress Dark was here. Of course, now, you must be punished." 

"I don't care, Master. It was worth it." 

"You might not think so without being aroused by the Slave Trainer during your punishment. I saw you whispering together. What were you talking about?" 

"He saw the sex slave medallion on the collar around my neck and asked if he should call the police. I told him it was unnecessary, that you were my husband and you were allowing me to live out a fantasy I had for several years by being your slave for a few weeks. He told me I was letting him live one of his own. He said some of the other delivery drivers told him of delivering pizzas to houses with naked people in them. It never happened to him before and he was starting to think the other drivers lied. He couldn't wait to tell the others it happened to him too." 

"I imagine we'll be getting great service from now on." 

Julia laughed. We ate quite a few slices, both being hungry. I asked her if she wanted her punishment now, after we ate, or altogether tonight before bed. 

"I'd prefer them as close to the infraction as possible, Master," she said. "Psychology suggests the more direct the relationship between the behavior and the punishment, the better the memory of it and the more effective the behavior modification. Of course, the opposite is true, the behavior and a reward, which is why the Slave Trainer was so good at making me swallow your cum. I got my reward immediately when I swallowed. It's why it's so easy to become addicted to drugs. The reward is immediate, the consequences are usually far removed from the action." 

"Go get your Enforcer. The first 30 will be with my hand, the second with it." 

"Yes, Master." 

She got up and finding the Enforcer in our bedroom, returned with it. 

"I'm not particularly fond of this paddle, Master." 

"It's not intended you like it." 

"I preferred the whip, even being whipped on my front, over this, sir." 

"I'd be willing to consider the whip as an alternative." 

"Would they all be to my bottom, Master?" 

"Why not." 

"Please use the whip then, sir. Do you intend to make use of me after, sir?" 

"It's very likely." 

"I'm glad. Your slave is still very horny." 

"Don't forget to ask permission to cum. I will use the Enforcer if you cum without permission again." 

"Yes, Master." 

"I want the first thirty over my lap. I love to feel you squirm. Spread your legs for me and keep count." 

"Yes, sir." 

Julia obediently assumed her position over my lap. I started getting hard again just watching her delicious posterior drape itself over my legs. I had her kiss my hand, the left one, as that's how she was draped. I started smacking her bottom. After ten, I paused, testing her pussy. She moaned; she was wet again. Rather than finger her pussy, I looked at the plug in her bottom. Mistress Dark had played with it earlier while Julia was learning to deep throat. I decided to do the same. I tugged on it, pulling it out to its widest point, then letting the tension of her sphincter draw it back in. 

"We will need to put a larger plug in tonight." 

"Yes, Master," she moaned. 

I did this for several minutes, her whimpers of pleasure growing louder and louder. 

"Master, may I cum, please." 

Those were good words to hear. It meant that if I were careful and considerate, she might enjoy anal sex when we started having it. I wanted her slave experience to be as enjoyable as I could make it. 

"You may cum, slave." 

I continued playing with the plug until I heard her moan prettily and I felt more wetness on my leg. I gave her the rest of her spanking, much of it harder than I had before. Her buttocks were nice and red when I finished. 

"For someone who used to whine interminably a hangnail, you take your punishments very well." 

"I'm not so well used for a hangnail, Master. Perhaps you should have fucked me when I got one to shut me up." 

I laughed. "Perhaps. I've already cum several times today, and I still have an erection. Having a naked slave at my beck and call is doing wonderful things for my libido. Up you go, let's put you in the stocks for the whip." 

She practically bounced off my lap. 

"Are you so eager to be punished, slave?" 

"No, sir. I'm eager to have sex. If the punishment comes first, I just have to get through it to get to the sex." 

"I don't think I've ever seen you so eager for sex. You've always enjoyed it, but rarely initiated it. To what would you attribute your recent passion?" 

Julia stopped for a moment thinking. "You're right, Master, and perhaps it's my fault for not being a better wife for you. Mistress Dark is correct. We tend to become complacent regarding our spouse as marriage progresses, becoming rutted in routine and comfort. You've done much more than I in our marriage; you're more romantic and done more to keep the magic alive than I have. If I were competing with someone else for your affections, I might have lost you. Fortunately for me, you're an honorable man who hasn't sought someone else outside our marriage. If I had been smart, I would have tried to seduce you every day, making sure I kept your interest. Instead, I've sought romance in silly novels. Even this was your idea, to give me a fantasy I've secretly held. I could have suggested it to you if I'd been more concerned for your needs. I apologize, and no matter how this comes out, I wish to promise that I will do a better job of romancing you and keeping you satisfied than I have." She knelt down at my feet. "I'm sorry. Please forgive me." 

I pulled her to her feet and kissed her. "Thank you. I shall hold you to your promise. We can put your new furniture in the basement. If you are a less than perfect slut, I shall bring you down there and physically remind you of your promise." 

"Yes, Master." 

I placed her in the stocks, and secured her feet so her legs were spread wide. Seeing her like that, I delayed her punishment long enough to push into her pussy and fuck her for a few minutes. Long enough for her to request permission to orgasm, though I was still far away from my own. 

"Cum for me, slave." 

Her cunt tightened around my cock and she gasped through what sounded to be a very nice orgasm. The palpitations of her pussy went on for over a minute. When I pulled out, a few drops of her cream collected on the folds of her pouting pubic lips, looking like they wanted to swallow my shaft again. 

"Thank you for my orgasm, Master." 

"Mistress Dark was right," I said. "You're ass can move around quite a bit while you're in the stocks. I'd prefer you not to move and get hit somewhere I wasn't trying to hit you. Do you think you can hold still enough while I whip you or should I move you to the cross?" 

"Let me stay here and we'll see how I do. If I move around too much, place me elsewhere. I'll do what I can to hold still." 

Julia did hold quite still. She moved some, flinching as I struck her harder and harder, but on the whole, the target area remained within two or three inches all the time where I was aiming. I completed twenty-eight and told her I'd like the last two to go across her pussy. 

"From beneath me?" She asked. 

"Yes, and I won't strike you as hard as I've done your bottom, but it is a sensitive area and I want you to know what I'm doing." 

"I'll try to hold still, sir." 

As lightly as I could manage and still call it a swat, I swung up between her legs and over her vulva. She whimpered and danced on her toes as much as she could in her position. 

"Are you all right?" I asked. "Do you want to say, 'Alpha'?" 

"No. I'm good. It stung quite a bit. The shock you know, of being struck there, but on the whole, not as bad as I expected." 

"Is it okay if I do the second one, or should we stop now?" 

"I can tolerate one more," Julia said. 

"I'm going to fuck you afterwards," I said, "if that makes a difference." 

"It's what I'm hoping for, actually." 

"All right." I swung a second time, no harder than the first. She danced again, no whimper this time. Instead of fucking her right away, I put my mouth on her and began kissing and licking the tender flesh. I was surprised when she asked for permission to cum not thirty seconds into my oral attentions. 

I gave her permission and continued to pleasure her until she had a second in addition to the first. Then I pushed into her pussy and pounded her rather hard. She continued to cum multiple times. I lasted longer than she did, but she seemed to enjoy it more. My cock was starting to feel a little raw from all we'd done the last couple days. I wondered if it would be possible to develop calluses on your prick if you used it too much. 

I released her from the stocks and after we showered, I changed the anal plug to the next largest size. Still no lube. I'd run to the drug store before going to the next largest size. My slave had to wash the previous one and store it back in the box it came in. 

Before we retired, I picked out two outfits for Sunday. One was kind of a short, mid-thigh, black cocktail dress with a plunging neckline. Without a bra, it would be very sexy. I'd be happy to take her out to dinner in it. The second one was a white leather mini-skirt with a semi-sheer white blouse. Her breasts wouldn't be as exposed as if she were topless, but her nipples and areolae would be visible through the translucent fabric. 

"Good night, my beautiful slave." 

"Good night, my wonderful Master." 

****** 

JULIA 

Master woke me in the middle of the night to suck his cock. I was able to take all of him. Surprising to me, it was as easy as Mistress Dark made it and I somehow hadn't discovered it on my own. I lovingly suckled him, slowly and gently, rising up his shaft, circling the head with my tongue, searching for the sensitive areas. Lingering when I found them, making him moan in pleasure. Tenderly stroking his cock with my hand as I buried my mouth in his balls and licked and sucked them. I idly wondered if Master would let me shave him so the wiry pubic hairs were replaced by smooth skin. 

He did not let me finish him in my mouth, instead, turning me over and spearing between my wide spread legs into my moist cunt, filling me, sharing my bottom with the plug in my rectum. It felt so good. I whimpered in the dark, knowing he was preparing me to fuck me in the ass, that eventually, he would own all of his slave, no part of me inviolate, untouched by his cock. I climaxed first, begging him to let me cum, so ready all the time since my slavery started; wanting, needy. 

It hadn't only been the Slave Trainer which brought me to my current state of constant need. When Master suggested this, my libido had gone into overdrive, consumed by the imaginings of my fantasies. That I might be subservient to a strong Master, unable to hide behind the niceties of polite, formal society, but made to surrender myself fully, had driven my fervid imagination for years. The reality was living up to the dream. No polite fake orgasms would satisfy him, he wanted nothing less than my complete and total capitulation to my full sexual self. I was left panting and still he fucked me, sliding in and out while I cried out in pleasure, cumming again. Finally, he released, grunting as he strains to drive his seed as deep as he can, claiming me for himself. 

When he finishes, I must clean him, tasting the fruits of our love, our passion. I fall back asleep with my head resting on his thigh, his cock now clean, ready should he need me again. 

I get up in the morning, my Master gone from our bed. I stretched, feeling the pleasant soreness of the well fucked. Master was up, reading the newspaper. 

"It appears a slave didn't want to wear her most concealing clothes today." 

"I can still suck your cock, Master." 

He glanced at his watch. "Cock sucking for clothes has to occur first thing in the morning. I'd hardly call 10:25 first thing." 

"You could have woken me up, sir." 

"Is it the job of the Master to wake the lazy slave to satisfy him, or the duty of the slave to please her Master when he rises." 

I wasn't going to get out of this, so I conceded. "The slave should be responsible, sir." I thought a moment. "You did plan to keep a slave naked all day, didn't you?" 

"Ah, apparently you forgot my parents are coming over tonight?" 

"You called them and told them no more surprise visits." I almost forget, now frantic, "Master." 

"It's not a surprise, slave. We've planned this for a month. It's not my fault my slave forgets her own schedule. You made the arrangements." 

"Euchre," I said. "We're playing euchre tonight. Master, please, I beg of you, don't make me wear the white outfit today. It's your parents." 

"Yes, it is, though I'm sure my father will enjoy seeing you wearing the white today; I'm not sure Mom will appreciate it as much." 

I remembered the example he made when we discussed the rules, though then it was my parents. His would be even more humiliating. 

"You're not going to spank me and use my mouth in front of your parents are you, Master?" Surely he wouldn't do anything so crude. 

"You can always go nude," he suggested. 

"Who do I have to fuck to get out of this, sir?" 

Master laughed. "I don't see anyone around to fuck, so I don't think it will be quite that easy, slave." He paused. "I tell you what. We're still kind of getting used to the rules and how they affect us. I won't spank you and have you suck my cock in front of them. We'll do it right before they get here. I'll be using the Enforcer, so you may not be able to sit down right away, but, you still wear the white outfit. We'll explain to them what's going on so you don't look like a total slut. We'll have to explain the new furniture anyway. I doubt it will be much of an issue." 

"Agreed, sir." I didn't want him to change his mind. This was still going to be embarrassing to do in front of my in-laws, but better than any alternative I'd heard yet. 

"I also planned to go out to the drug store later and get some lube. Your butt plugs are getting increasingly larger and a lubricant would help. I intended you to go with me." 

So not only his parents, but others would see me if I went out. The mini-skirt was so short, I usually wore white leotards with them or else my pussy could be exposed, and now I couldn't wear underwear or stockings of any kind. If I bent over in the slightest, I'd be flashing people. Fuck! Sitting down and playing cards with his folks. I'd have to be extremely careful not to flash them. 

"Sir. We have Vaseline. It may not be as effective as other lubricants, but I'm sure it will do the job." 

"You just want to avoid going out, don't you, slave?" 

"Yes, Master," I admitted. Crossing my fingers, I thought, please don't make me go out. 

"Fine, Vaseline it is. I won't make you go out today." 

I breathed a sigh of relief. One catastrophe averted, though the other remained. 

Master made us breakfast. Sex slaves were only good for fucking, I guess, or preparing food was the duty of a wife, not a sex slave. He fed me, sitting on his lap. When he got hard, he sat me on his prick and I rode him until his cum filled my cunt. He actually fucked me twice more that day, though I didn't get as much enjoyment from it as I had been, only cumming five times myself. I orgasmed three times when he put me on the bench with my feet up in the air, arms, legs and head secured. Too excited that time to pay attention to the nerves about the upcoming evening, I guess. The other two times I climaxed when he did. He didn't use my mouth at all except to get him hard and to clean up after myself, saving his cum for my secondary outfit. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
The closer it got to their arrival, the more nervous I became. Master ordered Chinese food for supper and I had to pay the delivery man naked like I had the pizza delivery. Another restaurant which would deliver promptly in the future, I'm sure, yet I barely noticed him except for the goggle eyed stares. When we ate, I could hardly taste my food. 

It was a half hour before his parents were due to arrive before Master let me satisfy him and earn my clothes. He started with my spanking, using the Enforcer and turning my bottom red. I knew it would hurt to sit down for awhile; not good if you were playing cards. It seemed to take him forever to give me the spanking and I was nervous I could finish him before his parents arrived. I desperately sucked him, using every talent, trick and skill I'd learned over the past couple days to bring him off. I could see the lights of his parents car pull into our driveway before I felt him flood my mouth with his cum. 

As soon as his cock stopped pulsing, I ran into the bedroom to put on my dearly won clothes. I heard them knocking as I wiggled into my mini skirt. I tossed on my blouse and looked at the outline of my breasts, my nipples hard and poking out, my areolae dark and showing through the material. I wiped a bit of cum off the corner of my mouth, brushed my hair where Master had mussed it holding my head and went out to greet my in-laws. As I came out of the bedroom, I was tugging down my skirt to make sure it covered any naked bits. 

"I'm sorry for Julia's appearance," Master said. "When I spoke to you the other night, I mentioned we were playing around a bit with some of Julia's fantasies. Julia has a fondness for a certain type of book. She likes books where the heroines are sex slaves. In order to test the reality of such an existence, Julia has agreed to be my sex slave for three weeks. Normally, her attire would not be so immodest, but she was required to do something this morning, which she failed to do, hence her dress. It would have covered more if she'd been obedient." 

"Well," Scott's father, Dan, said, "I can't say I'm disappointed with her failure." I looked down in shame. 

Sandra, Scott's mother, slapped his arm. "Daniel, you're speaking about our son's wife. For God's sake, have a little decency." 

"She looks pretty decent to me. If Scott didn't want her dressed like this, she wouldn't be dressed like this. Isn't that right son?" 

"Well," my Master said, "if one is going to play the part of a sex slave, they should look the part, shouldn't they? Slave, why don't you pour drinks for our guests. Dad, a Manhattan for you?" 

"Every time." 

"Martini for you, Mother?" Master asked. 

"Please, dear. Thank you." 

"Whiskey Sour for me, slave," Master said. "Fix yourself whatever you want." 

I looked at the counters and Master hadn't taken any of the liquor down. Which meant I would have to reach into a cupboard for the liquor, which also meant my dress would rise up my ass when I reached up for the booze. Master smiled at me. 

"Dad, why don't you help me set up the card table and we'll get started as soon as we get our drinks?" 

At least his father wouldn't see my naked ass. As soon as they were gone, I reached for the liquor and the glasses, tugging my dress back down after I did. I started making the drinks. 

"How are you doing, sweetheart?" Sandra asked. 

"Fine, Mistress." 

"Oh, honey; you don't have to call me Mistress." 

"You're not a slave, Mistress, which means you're free, which means I would be punished if I don't treat you with the respect owed to a free woman." 

"Well, free today, anyway. Not always." 

I suddenly stopped what I was doing and looked at her. She smiled at me. 

"You don't think you and Scott are the only ones who play these games, do you? Though with Dan and I, it's seldom longer than a day. Although, I do remember one weekend with particular fondness. We're older now and it's harder to play when you get wrinkles. We had some real good times though." 

"Mrs. Rivers!" 

"Don't be so shocked. We weren't always old. How do you think we stayed married so long? Had to throw a little fun and games into the mix. The question is; are you having fun? One should always have fun doing this kind of stuff. You know, how's the sex?" 

"The sex has been very good, Mistress. Spectacular, really. It started even before the slavery began. Just thinking about it made me jump Master's bones every chance I got." 

"There is something about surrendering one's will, isn't there? When you know you don't have to be a good girl anymore and can be as bad and sexy as you want?" 

"Does Master know?" 

"Scott? I don't think so, unless Dan's telling him now like I'm telling you. We didn't make a point of broadcasting it about." She touched my collar. "You're going all out. Three whole weeks. Do you think you'll be able to walk upright when you're done?" 

"I'm hoping I'll be walking bow legged, Mistress." 

"That a girl. Have some fun. You make a lovely slave, by the way. Scott's lucky to have you." 

"Thank you, Mistress." 

Master's voice called from the living room. "We're waiting for those drinks out here, slave. What's the hold up?" 

"She's being polite and courteous to an old woman, son," Sandra shouted back. "Behave yourself. You're not too big to take over my knee." 

"She's got you there, son," Dan said. "I wouldn't mess with her." 

Sandra helped me finish mixing the drinks and carry them out. I brought Master's and Dan's drinks; Sandra brought hers and mine. 

"Master," handing Dan his Manhattan. He patted me on the rump. "Good girl." 

I handed Master his whiskey sour. "Master, your drink." 

Sandra took a seat. Master asked. "Would you like to sit down, slave?" 

"I'd prefer to stand for awhile, Master. I'm sure I'll be much more comfortable." 

"Good spanking, was it?" Dan said laughing. 

"Yes, Master Dan. Plus Master Scott does not allow his slave undergarments and this dress is rather short. I'd prefer not to give my in-laws pussy shots," I said, red faced. 

"Scott's a smart boy," Dan said, still chuckling. "Never let a slave have her dignity. Keep 'em naked and available's what I always said." 

"You didn't say it to me," Master said. "Seems like one of those things fathers and sons should have talks about." 

"Nope. Didn't want you kids thinking you could treat your Mom like property. You needed to treat her like a lady. I was the only one who could look at her that way. Husband and wife games, son. You kids have no part in it. Young lady," he said to me. "Do you have to obey me as you do my son?" 

Why was he asking me this question? Would I have to serve him like I did Master? I looked at Master and he shook his head, yes. 

"I believe I do, Master Dan, unless he were to give me an order countermanding one you gave me." 

"As much as I love a pretty pussy, I don't think you should give me pussy shots. I order you to find a big towel or blanket and put it over your legs while we play. Your modesty will be preserved and my wife won't have to take a 2x4 to my head when we get home. Go on now. We've wasted enough time dilly dallying. Time to play euchre." 

Sandra blew him a kiss. Thank heavens. I'd learned two things tonight that surprised me. Dan and Sandra played the same games we were playing, and Dan was a wonderful gentleman. This evening was going to be much easier on me than I expected when I found out they were coming over. I quickly found a big bath towel and wrapped it around my waist. My torso still provided a fairly good display, but once my bottom was covered, sitting down was not a problem, despite the spanking. 

We had a wonderful evening, playing cards until 11:30, switching partners every six games. Sandra won. After we'd quit cards, Master showed Dan and Sandra our bondage furniture. As he talked about it, I got the familiar tingles from imagining myself bound and helpless. Sandra noticed. 

"It still gives me a little shot of adrenaline," Sandra whispered. "Wish I was a bit younger." 

To the two men, she said, "Come on, Dan. Let's give these two love birds a little space. I think the slave is getting antsy." 

Sandra hugged me and reminded me to have a good time. Dan hugged me and whispered, "Loved the show, sweetheart. Scott's a lucky man." 

"Thank you, Master Dan. I'm a lucky slave." 

Almost as soon as they were out the door, I had my clothes off and was attacking my Master. He picked me up and carried me to the bedroom. After replacing my butt plug with the next largest size, he pushed his cock in my cunt. I was filled like never before and I climaxed early and often as he fucked me. He went into my mouth to cum and I anxiously swallowed every drop of his delicious cum. I was becoming the perfect white silk slave. 

****** 

SCOTT 

Julia didn't make the same mistake today she made yesterday. She knew we were going out today. As soon as I stirred, she was sucking my cock. As Mistress Dark taught her to do, it was a beautiful seduction of my prick, teasing, yet wholly satisfying. She was moaning in pleasure as my sperm flooded her mouth. Quite the welcome change from when she grimaced in distaste if any went in her mouth previously. 

I couldn't believe the amazing sex we were having and how often. I wasn't an eighteen year old anymore, but was cumming frequently, six or seven times a day. Having a naked slave girl at your beck and call twenty-four hours a day was a visual viagra. I wondered how many times I could have cum as a teenager under the same circumstances. 

We were going shopping for clothes, to finally get some lube, and later out to dinner. Julia had earned the right to wear the black cocktail type dress she could have worn yesterday had she been prompt in her morning attentions. I didn't expect her to wear it all day long as I was looking for other clothes she could wear. I removed her cuffs and collar so she could shower with me, but after drying off, I only replaced the collar, removing the medallion. There was no need to announce to the whole world she was a sex slave, though I thought some might realized she was. I also replaced the butt plug I'd put in her last night with the vibrating one I'd purchased. I didn't test it now. I was thinking later in the day while shopping or eating would be more fun. 

After lunch, I said, "Before we go out, slave, you should know you're going to be faced with another choice. Tonight, during supper, you will wear the Slave Trainer again. You won't be allowed any orgasms during that time unless you choose to do the following. I want you to seduce one of the sales clerks who helps you with your clothes today. If you manage to lick someone's cunt, you may earn two orgasms during supper in the usual fashion. If you also manage to get them to lick yours, you may cum as frequently as you wish." 

"Master, I can't seduce them as I did Mistress Dark and you on Saturday, by simply touching them. That would be assault. They'd have to invite my touch. I'm not sure how I would proceed. Do you have suggestions for me?" 

"I suppose you would start by asking for someone's assistance, perhaps to zip up a zipper or to get you a different size. Let them catch sight of your butt plug. If they should ask about it, you may open up a dialog with them. You might explain you are my sub, and you're getting new clothes so I may show you off. You could say your Master has instructed you to satisfy anyone who asks. If they ask you, your work is done. For getting them to lick you after you've satisfied them, you might say your Master is withholding your orgasms and you're only allowed to have them if they would give you one. If they do so manually, it doesn't count. If they do so orally, you win." 

"I understand, sir." 

"If anyone should ask; I want you to be very open with them and tell them what you are; a sex slave. Slaves shouldn't be allowed to hide their true nature, their sexuality. We're making allowances for our society by not parading you around naked like the slave slut you are, but if someone asks, you will tell them. Do you understand?" 

"Yes, sir." 

"I think we're going to have a very fun time today, don't you slave?" 

"I'm not sure, sir. I'm very nervous." 

"Of course you are. It's what makes this enjoyable for me. I won't be getting sexual release until supper, at the very earliest, unless I have you suck me somewhere." 

We went in Julia's car instead of my truck. I wanted to be able to stash purchases in the trunk instead of the cab of my pick-up. Julia was silent, I'm sure worried about and concentrating on her task. On the way to our first stop, the drug store, Julia asked for permission to cum. 

"Why do you need to cum, slave?" 

"I believe it's twofold, sir. I've been somewhat aroused ever since you told me what I have to attempt today. Secondly, I haven't frequently sat down with a plug in my bum, Master. The road vibrations are being passed up through the car seat. It's quite stimulating. Please; I don't know how much longer I might hold out." 

"You can cum, slave." 

Julia leaned back, sliding her butt forward on the seat, until the front of the seat was directly beneath her rectum. She sighed and moaned as she spasmed, the look on her face so lovely, I wanted to stop right there and fuck her mouth. I could probably stand some delayed gratification, so I continued driving. We both went inside the drug store and we got the lube in addition to picking up a prescription for her birth control pills. 

The next stop was an adult store specializing in toys and clothing. 

JULIA 

I was surprised Master wanted me to try to seduce someone. It shouldn't have been as much a surprise as it was. He'd said he would offer choices involving women. Of course, I could decline to do it and sit through supper with the Slave Trainer on wishing I could cum. I knew how needy it made me and how much I would suffer should I go several hours without cumming. Since Master had no particular problems with me and a woman, as proven by Mistress Dark, I decided I'd probably go through with it, though I was still pondering how I should go about it. 

I should have done it at the first store we stopped at. The sales clerk was a woman, young, tattooed and pierced and looked like she'd welcome some adventure. But, I was still too nervous, too ashamed, to jump right into it. I would have to work myself up to doing it. While there, Master purchased several pair of thigh high stockings, red, black, white, nude, purple, and net. He purchased a strappy, leather something or other which was nothing more than lots of leather straps crisscrossing my body and leaving all the good parts strategically bare. He purchased a purple and black corset with a half cup bra that put my tits on a platter and would go well with the purple or black thigh highs. 

Also purchased were sheer red, white and green, brassieres, a cheerleader outfit with a dress covering nothing and mesh top, a white tutu that covered less than the cheerleader dress. He also bought a net body stocking. I pointed out it wasn't really conducive to instant sex and he pointed out it was crotchless, so it really was. Basically, everything we bought there was begging someone to fuck me, so I guessed they would be my secondary choices if I missed my morning blow job. 

Next, we went to a store specializing in women's evening attire. It was the last place we were stopping before supper and the last chance I'd have to seduce someone. I was trying to screw up my courage, or I would be a miserable little slave tonight at supper. The lady who waited on us was a stylish, impeccably dressed woman who appeared to be in her late thirties or early forties. She was smooth and classy and acted friendly, although she probably received a commission and could smell a good one coming. Her name was Gwen. Master picked out a half dozen different outfits he wanted me to try on, all of them ridiculously beautiful and incredibly sexy. I deliberately chose outfits either one size larger or smaller than what I suspected I'd wear. I needed to keep her engaged with us for my plan to work, which was basically the one suggested by my Master. I chose one which was on the small side first. It was backless and the only zipper on it was over my butt so I could wiggle into it and have it be tight across my ass. 

"Excuse me, Gwen, but I seem to be having difficulty with this zipper, could you please give me a hand." 

Of course I was having problems with the zipper. It was at least one size too small. She came into the dressing room with me and tried zipping it up, noticing in the process I had no underwear. The zipper didn't go low enough to reveal my plug, but wasn't far removed from it. 

"I think you picked one out too small for you. Can I get a couple larger sizes for you to try on?" 

"Please, would you. I should have checked. My Master picked them out." 

"Your master?" Her ears pricked up. 

"I'm sorry. I should have said my husband. He and I have an unusual relationship. I'm a submissive and he's my dominant. He wants to buy some clothes to show me off." 

I could almost hear the mental tsk, tsks. I blushed. "It's embarrassing sometimes when we go out in public, but you wouldn't believe the sex. Please let me try the eight tall please." 

Gwen left to get the larger sizes. I quickly stripped off the smaller dress and bent over to supposedly adjust the strap on my high heel. When she returned, I was mooning her. To top it all off, the anal plug started vibrating. I didn't know it could do that, and I almost jumped out of my shoes. I bumped my head into the wall of the changing room. 

"Miss, are you all right," Gwen asked as I rubbed my head. 

"Yes, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to moon you. I thought you'd be gone longer." Actually, I'd timed it perfectly. "I hope I didn't offend you." 

What was she going to say; she was horribly offended and kick us out of the store? Not if she was working on commission. 

"No, it's my fault. I should have knocked first." Sweet lady, very professional. 

I put on the second dress and it fit perfectly. She could feel the vibrations of the butt plug as she helped with the zipper. So could I, a lot. 

"Do you know that thing...you know...the object in you bottom is buzzing?" 

"Oh, yes, quite distinctly. I must tell you I'm quite aroused by it. I should like to orgasm, but Master will turn it off before I do." Almost on cue, it went off. I'd almost think he was listening at the door, but I suspected it was mere coincidence. "He almost never allows me to climax. He keeps me aroused all the time, but as his sub, he believes my orgasms belong to him. I have to ask permission to cum, you know. Since he isn't here, I can't ask for permission, so I shall just have to suffer."  

I could see the conversation was making her uncomfortable, but at the same time, she was intrigued by what she was hearing. It's like a whole new world was opening up before her. 

"We'll take this," I said. "It looks lovely on me, don't you think?" 

"Very nice." 

I took another dress, this one too large, and put it on in front of her. It was on the sheer side, and normally made to be worn with undergarments, of which I had none. 

"Oh, dear. This one's a ten. Do you think it's too sheer?" 

"It's made to be worn with slips," Gwen said. 

"Master doesn't allow me underwear. I have to be ready for him at any time. If I get this, I'll have to wear it as is. It's why he keeps me aroused. He can have sex with me at any time he wishes by pushing my dress up. Let me try this in an eight as well." 

Gwen looked at the other dresses we'd chosen and asked, "Should I find these others in size eight tall as well?" 

"Please do." 

She disappeared and returned in a couple of minutes, with all the dresses in the appropriate size. She knocked and I held the dress I'd just removed over myself when she came in. I couldn't play this like a total slut. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
I set it aside after she closed the door and tried on the new size. It fit perfectly and though shadowy due to the layers, all of my assets would be on display. 

"We'll take this one too," I said. 

I started putting on an oriental style, silk dress with a long slit up the side, nearly to the waist, which would show off a lot of leg, and perhaps more if I weren't careful. The top was slit down showing a lot of cleavage and was clingy, showing off my big, stiff nipples. 

"If it's not prying too much, might I ask how you started this relationship with your husband." 

"Of course. I tend to read these naughty romances. Lately, I became interested in the type in which someone is enslaved and made to serve dominant men or women. My husband became intrigued by my fascination with these types of stories. He asked if I'd like to experience it for myself, and the rest is history, as they say." 

"So, your husband became your dominant, and you have to do as he says?" 

"Yes, or I'm punished. Of course, it's not just my husband who can tell me to do what he says. I'm a sex slave and must do whatever a non-slave or free person tells me what to do. Although I'm only a white silk slave and my sexual organs are off limits to others except my Master. I may only use my mouth or hands to serve anyone else. We'll take this one too. I love it. I shall have to be careful walking or my pussy will be exposed, but the thrill of exposure keeps me on my toes." 

"Are you a lesbian?" She asked. 

"No," I replied, "but I'm a sex slave and my personal sexual preferences are of no concern. I must satisfy any free person who asks. 

"Would I be considered a free person?" Gwen asked. 

The bait had been proffered. The hook was set. I just needed to reel her in, carefully, so she didn't spit out the hook. 

"Are you a slave to anyone else?" Of course she wasn't. 

"No." 

"Then you're free." 

"So I could ask you to lick me, and you'd have to obey?" 

"That would be a true statement." 

"I want you to." 

"You want me to what, Gwen?" 

"I want you to pleasure me, to lick me." 

"Right here and now, Mistress?" Putting her in charge. 

"Yes. Right now." 

I began my seduction of Gwen, just as I'd been trained. Lingering kisses up her legs, stroking with my fingers what I wasn't kissing. By the time I reached her cunt, I could smell her excitement, the thrill of the unknown, the mystery of the perverse. She was having a naked slave lick her cunt in the store where she worked. I pulled down her panties and they clung to her pussy, the sodden wetness of her arousal. Master started my anal vibrator again and I started, surprised, but remembering my training, ignored my own pleasure and concentrated on hers. She gasped the first time my lips touched her folds, dewy with her moisture. She moaned softly as I ran my tongue up her slit, collecting her fluids. She nearly stumbled when my fingers penetrated her cunt, having to sit suddenly on the bench when I licked her clit. Because I'd gone slowly, it took me nearly fifteen minutes to give her the first orgasm, only five for the second. My plug stopped vibrating, I halted momentarily, looking up at her. 

"Again," she whispered, holding my hair. I brought her to a third orgasm, her hands grinding my face into her cunt. She finally released me after the third when I'd licked all her juices off. 

"Mistress," I begged. "A slave has needs too. I can't have an orgasm unless you give it to me." 

"I think your Master is right," Gwen said. 

"Mistress?" I asked, confused. 

"Slaves should be kept wanting and needy." 

She stood up, and straightened her clothes. Our positions had been altered. I was no longer a client of the store. I was a slave and one who'd just pleasured her in the bargain. She was in charge, not me. 

"Please, Mistress, I'm begging you," I pleaded. "Just use your hands, your fingers, please." 

"That's your Master's responsibility. Ask him." She left the changing room and the naked slave kneeling on the floor. 

****** 

SCOTT 

Gwen was in with Julia for a long time. It appeared Julia was accomplishing at least a part of her task. When Gwen appeared, she gave me a long look, before going about her business. Her clothes looked a little disheveled, though not horribly so. Julia stuck her head out of the dressing room door, showing me her cum smeared face, to demonstrate she'd accomplished at least part of her task. 

Julia tried on the remainder of her outfits and told me all of them fit perfectly. We carried them up to the register and Gwen rang us up. No one else was around. Julia kept her head down, refusing to look in Gwen's face. 

I wondered if she would say anything regarding what happened in the dressing room. My curiosity was satisfied when she said, "I believe your slave needs to climax." 

"I'll take it under advisement," I replied. "Did she perform satisfactorily? If she didn't, she'll be punished." 

"You don't need to punish her. She did very well," Gwen said. "I was most satisfied with her performance." 

"She just learned to service a woman a couple days ago," I said. "I'm glad she remembered her instruction." 

"She learned well." 

"She had a good instructor," I said. 

"You?" 

"No, a woman who understands a woman's needs and desires. I was merely an observer." 

"Don't let go of her," Gwen said. 

"I don't intend to," I replied. 

Gwen patted Julia's cheek. "Goodbye, pretty slave. Please, come visit our store again." 

"Yes, Mistress." 

Though I now believed Julia had not accomplished the second part of her task, I asked her when we got to the car. 

"Did Gwen give you a climax?" I asked. 

"No, sir." 

"Too bad. I'm sure you'll become somewhat frustrated in the restaurant." 

"Yes, Master. I'm sure you're right." 

"How did you like the vibrating plug?" 

"I didn't know it vibrated, sir, until you turned it on. I bumped my head on the wall when it went off, startling me." 

"Are you all right?" 

"It was a minor bump, sir. I'm fine except I need to cum." 

"We'll see how that goes later." 

"Yes, Master." 

"We're making one more stop before the restaurant slave." 

"Where are we going, sir?" 

"You'll see soon enough." 

"Will I have another task to perform, Master?" 

"No. Although I should inquire. Perhaps we could get a discount." 

Julia looked at me and saw I was smiling and relaxed. We went to one of the nicer jewelry stores in the area. I went up to one of the saleswomen and handed her a sales slip. 

"Is my order ready yet?" 

"Let me check on that for you Mr. Rivers." She scurried away. 

"What order are you referring to, sir." 

"Something I had made up for you." 

"What is it?" Julia asked, suddenly curious. 

"You'll see soon enough. Don't be so impatient, slave." 

She started looking at some of the jewelry in the store, admiring it. Shortly after, the saleswoman came back holding several boxes. 

"Your order was ready, Mr. Rivers. Do you want her to put them on now?" 

"No, thank you. I'll put them on her myself. It's kind of my thing." 

I removed her collar and handed it to Julia to hold. I took a necklace out of the larger of the three boxes. Inside was a gold necklace. Engraved on the inside where no one would see it, were the words 'sex slave'. On the slide was a tiny pair of diamond or ruby manacles. The back locked with a tiny gold padlock. I put the diamond manacles on it and fastened it around her neck and locked it. "Diamonds for white silk, rubies for red," I whispered. 

"Your medallion will also fasten to this," I said. "You needn't worry about getting it wet, so you can shower in it." 

She looked at her neck in the mirror on the counter. "It's beautiful, sir." 

"You're beautiful," I said, "and you've been a good sport about everything. Regardless of what happens, I wanted you to have this to remind you of your adventure." 

Julia hugged me, plastering her body against mine. "Thank you, sir. I'll treasure it always. What's in the other two boxes?" 

I laughed. Women! Insatiable curiosity, no matter what their station in life. 

"Matching bracelets," I said kissing her. "Slaves should be readily identifiable." I took them out of the boxes and fastened one on each wrist, the tiny gold padlocks locking them on. Julia held them out and admired them. 

"Are they real gold?" 

"Only fourteen karat," I said. "I needed them to be a little stronger than eighteen." 

"I love them. I'll reward you appropriately later." 

"I know you will, because you have no choice. You're mine and you'll always be mine." 

I paid for the jewelry and we went back to the car. After she buckled herself in, I handed her the Slave Trainer. "Put it on, slave." 

"Yes, Master." 

It took a little maneuvering in the car while buckled in, but she got it in and fastened around her legs and waist, having to lift her dress when she did so. A big truck rolled by while she was putting it on and the trucker blew his horn, startling her. She hastily lowered her dress. I laughed. The hardships of slaves were quite amusing. I turned it on. 

I'd chosen an Italian restaurant known for it's impeccable service, and even better for my purposes, it's long tablecloths reaching close to the floor. While we waited for the hostess to bring us to the table, Julia was already becoming quite antsy, shifting uncomfortably from foot to foot. I know the Slave Trainer had to be affecting her. We were seated in a pleasantly dark corner of the restaurant and I asked for a couple additional napkins. When they were brought, I handed them both to Julia and told her to put them under her bottom, or she'd ruin their chairs. She looked around cautiously, rose up a hands span and tucked them underneath her. 

The waitress came and took our drink orders. Julia chose red wine, I went for a whiskey sour with champagne to be delivered later. As soon as the waitress left, Julia leaned across the table and whispered, "I'd like to cum, Master." 

"You'll have to wait, slave," I whispered back. "She'll return with our drinks shortly and take our dinner order. You know you'll need to cum twice. Doing it so soon will make the rest of the meal miserable. Wait until we've ordered our dinner." She nodded. 

Our drinks came and the waitress took our dinner orders. Knowing how uncomfortable Julia was becoming, I took my time, asking a multitude of questions about several of the entrees. Julia was starting to glare at me, as she fiddled with her silverware, trying to avoid moaning while the waitress was there. 

"I think I'll have the Palermo Salad," I said, "and for my entree, the Seafood Diavolo, but leave out the calamari, please." 

"Very good, sir. What would you like madam." 

"The Caesar salad and today's house special, whatever it is," Julia said, twitching. 

"Tonight it's the grilled chicken with..." 

"Whatever it is. I'm sure it will be tasty. Thank you." 

"Very good, madam. How are your drinks?" She asked. 

"Fine. Everything's fine, as usual. We're fine." Julia was grabbing the edge of the table. 

"Okay. I'll put your order in." She moved away. 

"I need to cum," Julia whispered harshly. "I can't wait any longer." 

"No need to be rude, slave. She's just trying to offer good service." 

"I'll apologize to her later," Julia said. "I have more important things to attend to now." 

"If you insist." 

Julia hastily glanced around and seeing we were in a dark spot and no one seemed to be paying any attention to us, ducked under the table and released my cock. She started sucking like a vacuum cleaner. Rather than turn off the override on the Slave Trainer. I turned on the vibrating plug. I wanted to see if it could give her an orgasm, especially in conjunction with the Trainer. She moaned slightly. 

The waitress came back with some more ice water. She started pouring into my glass. 

"Where's your wife, sir?" She asked. 

"I believe she went to get a drink of water," I said, breathing a little faster than normal. 

The waitress looked pointedly at Julia's half full glass of water and the ice water pitcher in her hands. Julia must have cum at that moment. I got a message on my phone, and she moaned a little louder than before and the waitress heard her. 

"I'm sorry," I said. "I just gave her some jewelry and she wanted to thank me appropriately." I started to cum, my cream spewing from my cock like a fountain, and I must have made a noise the waitress recognized. 

She smiled at me and said, "I often thank my husband the same way when he gives me jewelry." I heard Julia titter under the table. "I'll be back shortly with your food." 

Julia looked up at me from between my legs. "Tell me when the coast is clear." 

I looked around. Actually the waitress was kind of looking at our table, but she already knew what was happening. Nobody else seemed to be paying attention, so I told Julia she could get up now. She popped out and quickly resumed her seat, though she was still having a problem holding still. I remembered the anal vibrator was still going and turned it off. 

"Did you have a satisfactory orgasm, slave." 

"I did actually, sir, though it seemed to originate elsewhere than the usual." 

"I wondered if you could have one from anal stimulation. Seems you can, the one in the car after we left the house and the one now. I'm guessing you're going to enjoy anal sex when I start using your bottom." 

Sharon, our waitress brought our champagne out and opened the bottle, pouring us each a glass. As soon as we expressed our satisfaction with the vintage, she brought our food out. She set down Julia's plate first, then mine. She looked as if she was about to leave, then paused a moment. 

"Might it be possible to see the jewelry you received today?" She asked Julia. 

"Of course," Julia said, smiling. She held up her two hands. "These two bracelets, and this necklace," she said, gesturing to her neck. 

The waitress examined the items closely. "They're very unusual," she said. "They both have little locks on them." 

Julia lowered her voice. "Sex slaves are not allowed to remove their collars and manacles. Their Masters must do it for them." 

Sharon looked at me with something akin to horror, her hand going up to her mouth as she gasped slightly. 

Julia rested a hand on the waitresses arm. "It's all right," she said. "It's voluntary on my part. This is my husband and he's actually fulfilling a fantasy of mine. It's only lasting three weeks. I'm quite all right and in fact, I'm having the best time of my life." 

Sharon's look changed from one of horror to a questioning one. "You've always had a fantasy to be a sex slave?" 

"I know. It's odd isn't it. All the freedoms women have gained over the last couple hundred years, and I yearned to be owned and dominated by a powerful man. I read all these romances which talked about one or more men owning a slave and it made my heart flutter. My Master; my husband, Scott, offered to let me experience what it would be like to be owned. I submitted and was collared on Friday night. The last three days have been the sexiest and most erotic I've ever experienced." 

Julia was still fidgeting and Sharon noticed. "Is your chair uncomfortable? Can I get you a new one?" 

"It's not the chair," Julia replied. "I wish it was. I'm wearing a device called a Slave Trainer. It keeps me aroused, but won't let me reach climax. Master insists I wear it all through dinner. The only time I'm allowed to climax is when he does, which is why I was 'thanking' him for the jewelry." 

"May I see it?" 

Julia pulled back from the table a couple inches and raised the hem of her short dress, showing Sharon the item in her pussy. She let her look for five seconds or so before pulling her dress down and inching back under the table. 

Sharon said, "You're being very open about this. May I ask why?" 

"Slaves aren't allowed to hide their true nature; their sexuality. If it were up to my Master, he would parade me around naked, so the world would know what I was. He doesn't want us to be arrested, but my clothes and jewelry proclaim my status to those who might understand." 

Sharon turned to me. "Why won't you let your slave climax? It seems cruel to me." 

"It's important to me she be kept in a state of need, so she's ready to have sex at any time I wish it, although she had the opportunity earlier to help herself. She failed." 

"What opportunity?" Sharon asked. 

"Tell her, slave." 

Julia's face grew red. She explained, "We were out shopping earlier. Master said if I seduced one of the sales clerks, I would be allowed to cum. Twice if I could only get them to allow me to pleasure them; as much as I wanted if I could also get them to pleasure me orally. They only allowed me to pleasure them. The sales clerk said she agreed with my Master; that slaves should be kept needy and wanting." 

"I see. I'd like to know more, but my manager is wondering why I'm still at this table. Excuse me." 

"Of course," I said. 

We started eating. The food was excellent. We were halfway through the meal and Julia's fidgeting was getting worse. 

"Master, I need to cum. Would you be ready to go again?" 

"No, it's too soon. Perhaps while we're waiting for dessert." 

I was not the only one to notice Julia's discomfort. Sharon came back with some more ice water. 

"Does the deal still apply?" She asked, pouring my water. 

"What deal?" I said. 

"If your slave gets someone to orally pleasure her, will you lift the restrictions on her orgasms?" She started pouring Julia's water. 

"You?" I asked, a bit amazed since she already said she had a husband. 

"Yes. It's obvious she's suffering. I'd like to help her." 

"How, when?" 

"Have her go to the bathroom in a few minutes. I'll follow her in." 

"Slave, do you agree?" 

"Please, Master." 

"Very well. Will you be taking your pleasure from her?" I asked Sharon. 

"I don't believe I'd have the time for that. She, on the other hand, looks ready to pop." 

Julia did indeed look ready to pop. She was squirming quiet noticeably. 

"Thank you," Julia whispered. Sharon nodded and left. 

"Oh, my," I said. "That was totally unexpected." 

"Thank you, Master." 

"Don't thank me. I didn't offer it." 

"You're still letting her settle the debt, sir. She isn't the sales clerk." 

"But it's still fun." 

Julia excused herself and went to the ladies room. Thirty seconds later, Sharon spoke to the manager and made a quick exit herself. In four minutes, I received a phone alert that Julia had orgasmed. Not a minute later, Julia returned to our table with a huge smile and a great deal of relief on her face. 

"Where's Sharon?" I asked. 

"Washing her face, sir," Julia answered happily. "Please, Master, could you remove the override now?" 

Since the Slave Trainer was the quieter of the two devices in Julia, I did as she asked. A minute later, Sharon returned to her duties, waiting on other tables. We finished our meal and Sharon came by to take our dessert order. By not a single word or deed did she make reference to what happened. It was like it never occurred. We ordered our desserts and quietly ate. Any squirming Julia did now was as the result of an orgasm, not because she needed one. 

"Master, I know you've spent a lot of money today, but I'd like you to give Sharon a huge tip." 

"I'd be agreeable to that." 

Sharon brought our check at the end of the evening. I put a tip of $300 on the on the credit card slip. Sharon looked at it, dumbfounded. The tip was almost three times the size of the bill. 

"Sir, is this a mistake?" 

"No. No mistake. My slave said you greatly enhanced her experience at your restaurant and you should be suitably rewarded. She was quite uncomfortable without your assistance." Sharon blushed. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"Thank you, sir. This is quite generous." 

"A question if I may, Sharon. Do you think you'll tell your husband what happened today?" 

"Honestly, I don't know. I don't think he'd be terribly disappointed in me; he might even find it sexy. But on the other hand, I wouldn't want him to expect it to happen again. This was kind of a one off." 

"I see. Have a pleasant evening, Sharon, and thanks again," I said. 

Julia put her hand on Sharon's arm and squeezed it, winking. Sharon blushed once more. It was a beautiful blush. 

Of course, as soon as we got to the car, my cock craved some attention. I kept an eye out for any approaching people while my slave attended to my needs. She was becoming very good at orally extracting my cum. It wasn't long before I was moaning and sending a slug of cream her way. She sat up and fastened her seat belt, wiping the corner of her mouth where a stray drop had escaped. 

****** 

JULIA 

I don't know if it was the effectiveness of Master's training, or the amounts of cum I'd consumed the last three days, but I was almost beginning to enjoy the taste and texture of his sperm. I still associated it with my orgasms, though they hadn't been exclusively conditional on his ejaculation for over a day. 

"You may remove your Slave Trainer now," Master said. 

"I'm kind of enjoying it now the restrictions have been removed, sir." 

"We have left the restaurant," he reminded me. "I could easily put the override back on." 

I scrambled to remove it. 

"Did you have a good time today, slave?" Master asked. "Is being a sex slave everything you thought it would be?" 

"I did have a good time, Master," I admitted. "I never imagined when I started this I would be with women as much as I have. It just never occurred to me. It's been better than I anticipated once I knew women would be involved. Did you always plan to have women involved, or was it a last minute decision." 

"I suppose when I met Mistress Dark and saw she had female slaves and still offered them up to me. I realized then that a sex slave should serve anyone her Master desires and in a way, it broke the ice of me seeing you with other people. Kind of easing me into it, as it were. It's not as emotionally charged seeing you with a woman as it is would be a man." 

"Do you still intend on me being used by other men?" 

"We'll just have to see, won't we?" I felt a little jolt to my pussy. 

When we arrived home, we carried in all our purchases. Master had me clean and put the Slave Trainer on the charger. It had quite the accumulation of my cum on it. I then tried on all the clothes we purchased, modeling them for Master. He quite enjoyed the show. His cock was hard again halfway through the fashion show. He told me which ones would be my outfits for tomorrow if we had company or went out, provided I sucked his cock properly in the morning. 

"Are you planning on going out tomorrow?" I asked, perfectly content to remain naked if he didn't. Not that I minded all that much swallowing his cum anymore, but I wouldn't mind the extra sleep. Master always got up earlier than I was accustomed to rising. 

"It's always best to be prepared, wouldn't you say, slave?" 

Since my primary outfit was the backless number I first tried out today, and the secondary outfit was the black net crotchless bodysuit with a black mini-skirt so short I'd have to cross my legs to sit down in it, I agreed prepared was better. 

"Before we replace your anal plug tonight," Master said, "I thought it would be nice to fuck with the vibrating one in you and on." 

I'd enjoyed the vibrations of the plug today and had no objection, though my objections would have meant nothing to my Master if I'd voiced them. He turned it on and we went to bed. He started by licking my cunt. Master was better at it than Sharon, by which I assumed he had more experience licking them than she did. I climaxed easily, kept at fever pitch all day long, asking for permission each time and thanking him after. But, as soon as he entered me, bells went off. Like five alarm fire bells. The plug teasing my anal nerves and his big cock in me was magic. The vibrations from the one were transmitted through the thin walls separating them to his cock, which took on its own vibration as a result. Four times he slid back and forth and I felt my first earthquake. 

I admit, I screamed a bit when it happened. Okay, more than a bit. I was screaming, crying, panting, moaning, all at once. 

"God, fuck me, Master. Fuck me hard. Fuck me fast. Oh, God! Ugh, ugh, ugh. It won't stop, it won't stop." 

I'd had multiple orgasms a few times previously. Master was fairly good at winding me up, but nothing like this. This was cataclysmic. End of the world, apocalyptic, cataclysmic. Pound my head on the bed, rip the sheets up, toe curling, pussy pulsing, volcanic, all consuming, fuck me to death, orgasm. Or orgasms, plural; because it didn't stop, not for a long time. I felt Master cum, his dick throbbing, but he didn't stop fucking me. He kept on going, right through his orgasm, the vibrations doing the same for him. Barely losing hardness at all, just keep right on fucking, thrusting, spearing me with his cock, totally fucking his slave. My orgasms finally stopped before he climaxed again, and I felt a sympathy aftershock when he did. 

So, it appeared the writers weren't blowing smoke up my skirt after all, but the problem was; now I'd had one, I wanted more. Lots more. I was addicted, just like that. I was ready to have another, right now, at midnight with a Master who probably wouldn't get hard again for an hour, if that. I couldn't get enough before. What now? He turned off the plug and I whimpered. 

"No sense in asking if you enjoyed that, is there, slave?" 

"No, Master." 

"Earthquake, or minor tremors?" 

"Earthquake, Master." 

"Nice to know it's not all lies, isn't it?" 

"Yes, Master." 

"Too bad you didn't ask for permission first, wasn't it, slave? Get your lube and let's put your last plug in." 

"Yes, Master." 

I got the lubricant and Master removed the vibrating plug and put the new, largest one in. Even with the lube, it hurt slightly as it went in. Master told me it was about two and a half inches wide at its widest. It was bigger than Master, but since he would be moving when he fucked me, thought something larger would help prepare me more. Any time after this one was removed, my ass would be fair game. Given what happened tonight, I wasn't feeling as reluctant about surrendering it as I was before. At least part of that orgasm was that thing vibrating in my ass. 

Master was exhausted and fell asleep. I couldn't drop off as easily and wished I might masturbate to climax now while he slept, but my orgasms belonged to Master now. I was left vaguely unsatisfied when I closed my eyes to sleep, an unanswered craving in my cunt. 

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 07|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-07|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<i>Scott exposes Julia to even more, allowing another man to touch her for the first time in their marriage and she surrenders her bottom to Scott. This chapter contains oral and anal sex, bondage and discipline consisting of spanking, public arousal and orgasms. Continuing to remind that for purposes of this tale, STD's are not a public health thing. I think this chapter has some nice humorous elements in it. I hope you get a giggle out of it.</i>

<b>Ch 7 - Julia Surrenders Her Bottom</b>

JULIA

Master woke up at 5:30 AM, still on work time. I woke up long enough to earn my primary outfit for the day, slowly suckling his cock until I received my offering. After swallowing his seed, I asked permission to go back to sleep. He laughed, patted my bottom and said he'd see me later. I felt thin, stretched out, from the interrupted sleep, the crazy, mind blowing sex, the tense anticipation of what might happen next.

My phone rang at 9:30. Shit! I was dreaming of the orgasm I had last night. It was such a wonderful dream. Who the hell was calling me? I glanced at the phone. Lisa. She probably deserved an answer. 

"Hello," I said, groggily.

"Are you still in bed? What's the matter, not getting enough sex."

"The opposite. Too much sex. Not enough sleep."

"Don't tell me that," she complained. "Don't tell a woman who's not getting any sex that you're getting too much. I can't take it. It's not fair."

"It is what it is."

"About that. I haven't had a chance to talk to you since this thing started. You think Scott will let me bend your ear a bit, so I can find out what's happening?"

"I can ask him."

"Please do. I'm dying to find out how it's going."

"I'll call you back in thirty."

Stumbling into the bathroom, I removed the plug, used the facilities and splashed water on my face to wake up. I brushed my teeth, cleaned the plug and reinserted it. It seemed to go in easier than it did last night. Master was working on his computer, some work related stuff. I knelt at his feet and laid my head on his leg.

"Master, Lisa called and wanted to know if she could speak to me about how my experiment is going so far."

"Do you want to go over there or have her come here?"

"Whatever Master desires."

"I don't mind if you have some privacy to discuss girl matters. You can go over there," he said. "However, I should like to fuck you before you go, and there's still the matter of your cumming last night without asking my permission."

"Of course, Master. I apologize for last night. It was on me quite suddenly, almost before I could draw breath. It's no excuse, and I will abide by your decision. I'll call Lisa and tell her I'll be over as soon as I've been punished and fucked, sir."

"You do that."

"Yes, Master."

I called Lisa and told her I would be over in about an hour or so. Master was going to punish me, then fuck me, and I still needed to eat something.

"Don't worry about food. I'll feed you. Why are you being punished?"

"I didn't request or receive permission before climaxing last night."

"Right, rule three or four, something like that. Why didn't you ask?"

"Didn't have time to. Went from we're just warming up to full blown landslide in seconds."

"Landslide. Is that good?"

"Beyond good. The best I ever had. Better than the best ten I ever had put together. So good I thought it would never end good. So fine, I may never be satisfied with normal again."

"I told you not to tell me that."

"Then quit asking."

"Shit! I have to know."

"I'll see you shortly. Lot's of food. Need energy."

I returned to Master. He patted his lap.

"Bend over, slave. Keep count."

"Yes, sir."

I bent over his legs and parted my legs as he liked. I kissed his hand and he started. I noticed right away Master was spanking me harder than before. He was definitely more confident, more knowledgeable in his understanding of my body and my tolerance for pain. I also noticed he made sure to strike the plug in my ass, at least peripherally, every couple strokes. 

It felt pleasant. I know; an odd way to describe a spanking, but a warmth began spreading outward from my ass, and particularly, my rectum, where he was jostling the plug. The warmth extended to my pussy and I felt myself grow wet. Nice slow, measured spanks, like a metronome, slap, slap, slap. I suddenly realized I was about to cum. 

"Master, please let your slave cum?" I grunted.

"You may cum," Master said.

Slap, slap, and there it was. Not the mind bender of last night, but good, as good as most, the warmth flooding my body. How embarrassing if I'd cum without permission while being punished for cumming without permission. I squirmed unabashedly on Master's lap, moaning like the pathetic little sex slave I was. He finished up and bending me over the back of the couch, plunged into my wetness. Ah, magic. The sense of fullness between the large plug and my Master's cock. It was so wanton, like being fucked by two men. I started building for the next orgasm. 

Master must have sensed me reaching. He stopped moving, embedded in me, his cock throbbing. I moaned for him, so close, wanting him to finish. He ignored his miserable slave, like the Slave Trainer, waiting until the need passed before starting up again.  

When he began again, it was slow strokes, unhurried, sliding back and forth. Building, slowly building; past the point I was before, a better orgasm coming, then stopping again. 

I whimpered. "Fuck me, Master. I'm so close. Fuck me faster."

He ignored me. Masters often ignore their slaves. He was in control, not me. I tried moving, tried to fuck myself on his cock and he smacked my bottom and ordered me to hold still. I whimpered again.

Felt it slipping away, my pleasure, my release, wanting it so bad. When I was sure I'd lost it, he plunged hard, and it was back. Slick, so slick, so wet, so wanting. He felt so big in me, yet he moved without effort I was so slick for him. I went past the point I'd been before, the precipice, stepping off into space, and still I climbed. Suddenly, the pressure was back, the consuming desire, the desperation of a spring wound too tight.

"Master," I cried, sobbing, "please let me cum!"

"Cum for me, slave," and he slammed into me again and I unwound, spiraling out of control. His cock was pulsing, spurting, filling me with his seed, released himself.

Oh, it was good. Not quite the explosion of last night, but close enough I realized I might reach it again. Last night not an aberration, a never more to be achieved anomaly of random wonderfulness, but a target with a bullseye to aim for. Suddenly, not so sad, not so dim, not so vague, but a positive goal to be reached. The spasms ended, as all things must end, Master's balls emptied, my pussy no longer quivering. Other senses slowly returning, no longer confined to touch.

"You smell of sex, slave."

It was true. I reeked of sex, of pleasure pursued and realized, a locker room of sex.

"Don't clean yourself off. I think you should smell of sex all day long, the scent of it lingering, reminding you of what you are, a slutty little slave."

"Your slave, Master."

"My slave," he agreed. "My slave, whom I love with all my heart."

I was warmed by his words. His slutty little sex slave, who he treasured and adored. The slave he'd learned to fuck to levels we'd never reached before. His possession and no one else's. That's the person who went to Lisa's; a punished and well fucked slave with her Master's cum running down her legs.

Lisa sniffed. "Shit, Julia. You didn't even wipe yourself off after having sex, did you? I can smell it on you, plain as day."

"Master told me not to. He wanted me to be reminded of what I am, a slutty sex slave."

"Master? His name is Scott, you know. You haven't forgotten have you?"

"Not anymore. I don't think of him as Scott anymore. I think Sunday was the last time I thought Scott in my head. Now all I think is Master, or sir, or my owner. I'm not pretending to be a sex slave anymore. I am a sex slave. He's made me his."

"Jesus! What's he done to you? Is he drugging you?"

"Not unless sex is a drug. It may be. I never understood how anyone could claim to be a sex addict. I thought it could be compensation for lack of love. Wanting to feel something you couldn't feel. I'm not so sure anymore."

"So, you're saying the sex is real good."

"Good doesn't begin to describe it anymore. Good is what I used to have. I thought last night might have been an accident, never to be repeated again. This morning was so close, I know it wasn't." 

"Other than that, Mrs. Lincoln, how'd you like the play?"

I laughed. "I'll tell you all about it, but first you have to feed me. I'm starving."

"Breakfast or lunch?"

"Food. Any food will do."

Lisa made me eggs with smoked sausage mixed in and when that was gone, a ham and cheese sandwich, with lots of coffee. I was still feeling sluggish and languid.

As I ate, I told her everything which happened, starting with Master collaring me, using the Slave Trainer to get me to swallow his cum, the beginning of my ass training, to my training session with Mistress Dark. Lisa stopped me there.

"Wait, Scott made you lick her pussy?"

"Not exactly. He told me it was my choice, but if I didn't, the Slave Trainer would be in me for the next 24 hours without relief. Additionally, he said other women might be involved in some of my future choices, and it was to my advantage to learn how to please a woman. He said my fucking women would be more comfortable for him than my fucking a man would be. He's kind of working up to allowing me to be with another man."

"Jesus! Had you ever been with a woman before?"

"Not really. In college, I kissed a girl a few times and we touched one another, masturbating each other to orgasm once, but never like, doing the deed."

"How'd you like it?"

"It wasn't bad. Not my favorite thing, I much prefer men, but I got through it okay."

"Are you any good at it?"

"Mistress Dark said I did okay for a beginner. She made sure I could concentrate on her pussy even if I was having orgasms myself, or I got swatted."

"Would you do it again?"

"I have done it again. Twice, though one time a woman pleasured me orally instead of the other way around."

"Okay. I've got to hear the rest of this story. I'm sorry I interrupted. Please continue."

"Mistress Dark taught me to deep throat Master."

"You can take a dick all the way down now?"

"I will tell you this story if you let me finish it, I promise."

"I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I can't help it. You're telling me all this stuff and I can't believe it. I'll try to keep my lip buttoned and hold my questions for the end."

"She also taught Master how to whip me. It's not as bad as I thought it would be. Better than the paddle he got. Even when Master whipped my breasts and pussy, it wasn't horrible."

"Stop, stop right now. I know I'm interrupting again, but come on. Scott whipped your breasts and pussy?"

"He did. Look, I'm not saying I loved it. But I didn't hate it either. He does love me and he's not going to do anything that truly hurts me. The advantage of having my husband as Master and not some space alien or stranger. It stings when it lands, but an hour later, I don't feel it. The red marks disappear quickly. It's part of the experience."

"Bad part, it seems to me. Generally speaking, how are you doing with the whole punishment thing?"

"I'm getting by. I even feel like I'm starting to enjoy it a little. When he was spanking me today, I needed to cum. Part of it was the butt plug in my ass and he kept hitting it, but the little fire he lights in my bottom seems to extend to my cunt before long. When he fucked me today after spanking me, I had a great orgasm. The second best of my life. The spanking hardly registered. I know it was hard. I can still feel it. I know my ass is still a little red. But I'm fine, honest."

"Damn. It's just crazy. I can't believe you're telling me this stuff."

"It gets crazier. Saturday night, I had to pay the pizza delivery man in the nude. On Sunday, I didn't suck cock first thing in the morning. I slept in, like this morning. I figured, going nude around the house, no big deal. I forgot Master's parents were coming over for cards." Lisa started to say something but hushed when I raised my finger. "We got Chinese food delivered, and I had to greet him naked the same way, but almost ignored him because I was so worried about Master's parents. I was able to buy my secondary clothes with a blow job and twenty swat spanking with the paddle. I finished Master off right as they were coming up the driveway. The top was translucent and showed my boobs pretty good. The skirt was too short and I would have been flashing my cunt at them all night if I sat down, except Dan let me get a towel and put it over my lap. The strange part of the whole evening is Sandra confided in me that she and Dan had played around with the whole Dom/sub thing a few times during their marriage, never as long as three weeks, but she mentioned an unforgettable weekend. Uh, uh, uh," I warned her. "Save the questions."

Sandra mimed zipping her lips closed.

"Yesterday, we went shopping. Another option was proposed to me. Wear the Slave Trainer all through supper in the restaurant without any relief, or earn two orgasms during supper by seducing a sales clerk." I held up my hand again. Lisa settled down. "If I further got her to lick me to an orgasm, Master wouldn't engage the orgasm override and I could have as many as I wanted. I seduced a clerk in the dressing room by telling her I was a sex slave and had to do anything a Master or Mistress told me to. She made me lick her to multiple orgasms, but she wouldn't give me one in return. Said Master was right and sex slaves should be kept wanting and needy. Master took me to a jewelry store and gave me this collar and these cuffs." I pointed to my new gold collar and bracelets, showing her the tiny locks and the manacles on the collar. "They can't be used to secure me, but identify me as a sex slave. I can wear them all the time, even in the shower.

"Of course, in the restaurant, I had to earn my two orgasms by sucking Master under the table. Our waitress caught me doing it the first time, while we were waiting for our food. Master explained to her I was showing appreciation for new jewelry I'd received, not so I could cum. She said she often showed her appreciation to her husband the same way. When she came back with our food, she asked to see the jewelry. She asked about them and since Master said I must be honest with people, I had to explain I was a sex slave to Master. I had to tell her the reason I was so jumpy is I was wearing a Slave Trainer and it wouldn't allow me to cum. I hadn't earned the right to cum by getting the sales clerk to lick me to an orgasm. Later, she took pity on my plight and told Master she would lick me if he would let me cum the rest of the night. He agreed and she met me in the bathroom a few minutes later and took care of me.

"Then last night, Master was using a vibrating butt plug while he fucked me and I had the most incredible, mind bending, thought I would die, orgasm I've ever had. I don't know why. Perhaps the combination of every thing I'd done yesterday, the seduction, the waitress, being kept aroused and on edge all day, and the vibrations in my ass as he fucked me, but I went off and it didn't end for a long time. Tonight, Master can fuck my ass for the first time and I'm not afraid of it. I want him to know and use every part of me. I want to be his total fuck toy to use however he wants. You can ask your questions now."

"His parents do this too? Is it where Scott got the idea?" Lisa asked.

"He didn't know his parents ever did anything like this. And I'm the one who wanted this; he's the one who came up with the idea."

"You seduced a sales clerk, in a store, in the dressing room? You licked her to an orgasm?"

"Three. She liked the idea of my having to do it if she wanted."

"How old was she?"

"I'm guessing four years either side of forty."

"Did you have to do it?"

"If I wanted to orgasm during supper. It doesn't take long for the Slave Trainer to make you appreciate the ability to cum."

"And the waitress licked you to orgasm? In the bathroom of the restaurant?"

"Yes. Her name was Sharon. I think she felt sorry for me. She could see how miserable I was."

"Was she a lesbian?"

"I doubt it. She said she had a husband. Master asked if she'd tell her husband and she wasn't sure."

"Had she ever licked pussy before."

"I honestly don't know. I didn't ask."

"Did you have to lick her in return?"

"She said she wouldn't have time. It only took her around two minutes from the time she started on me until I climaxed, I was so ready. She wasn't aroused. She did it for me. Master gave her a $300 dollar tip for me."

"And you have the Mother of All Orgasms last night after all this other stuff?"

"Yes."

"How many orgasms would you say you've had since you started this sex slave thing?"

"Less than you might guess because the Slave Trainer is very effective. When I was wearing it, Master only allowed me to climax when swallowing his cum. He can't cum as often as I can, so I was very frustrated much of the time. I can still make myself orgasm, but he gets notified if I cum while it's in me, so he knows if it's with his permission. It also alerts him if I remove it. But other times I was allowed to cum quite freely. if I were to guess, I'd say between thirty and fifty times since Friday night."

"But you could have climaxed more if you weren't wearing this device?"

"Or allowed to have orgasms whenever I wanted. I wanted to masturbate last night when Master was asleep."

"Why didn't you?"

"If he found out, I'd be punished. More than that, I'm accepting my role. I'm his sex slave now. My job is to please him, in any way I can. If I should happen to enjoy it, which Master makes sure I do, it's frosting on the cake. But my orgasms now belong to him, just as I do."

"Damn! This is so twisted. But you're eating this up, aren't you?"

"I love it. When's the last time you had thirty to fifty orgasms in less than four days?"

"Never comes to mind. And you don't mind any of it; the punishment, the sex with other women, jumping when he says jump?"

"And cumming when he says cum. No. I mind some things more than others, but the whole experience has been amazingly rewarding. Thus far, I wouldn't trade it for anything."

"And tonight you surrender the booty for the first time?"

"It will probably be tonight, but anytime after the largest plug is removed." 

"Would you do it again?"

"I'm not sure I want to stop after three weeks."

"You'd continue doing this indefinitely?"

"Well, so far anyway. I don't know what else he has planned for my three weeks, but to this point, I'd let him keep going."

"You thought I was sexually adventurous. You've got me beat."

"Maybe now. I didn't before. This experience has really opened my eyes to how ordinary my life was before."

Lisa thought about it a little. "I don't know. I'm not sure I could do anything like this."

"It's been like a dream come true for me."

The conversation died soon afterward and I helped Lisa clean up her kitchen and went back to my Master. 

******

SCOTT

"Did you have a good time with Lisa?" I asked when my slave returned.

She was removing her clothes to get naked again. "Yes, sir. She was flabbergasted when I told her all we've done so far."

"I hope she's not slut shaming you."

Naked, she came to me and knelt at my feet and started stroking my leg. I felt a familiar stirring.

"No. She's surprised, but not in a negative way. Curious more. She was astonished you put me with another woman and I would tolerate you whipping me. In a way, I think she's jealous, sir."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"In what way?"

"Well, she isn't having sex regularly, Master. Wasn't even having much towards the end of her marriage. She bitches about it when I tell her how great our sex is going."

"We could invite her over and you could show her what you've learned," I suggested.

"I wouldn't want to ruin our friendship, sir, and I'm unsure she would be receptive to a girl on girl encounter."

Mmmm, I thought. There might be room for a little pushing in that direction. Food for future fantasy.

"I purchased some suspension cuffs for you and I was thinking I'd like to hang you in the air for awhile and see where it leads."

"I'm yours to command, sir."

"You are, aren't you? Display."

Julia quickly stood in the correct position. I walked around her, touching her breasts, stroking and fondling her ass, testing the wetness of her cunt. She moaned, rubbing herself against my hand. My slave was nearly always wet now. Very seldom would I touch her and not find her slick and ready. Was it a condition of her slavery, the plugs she'd worn in her ass for the last few days, or some other factor I didn't recognize. Without any foreplay at all, I could slide my cock into her like she was dipped in lube. If I was capable of sex as frequently as she was, there was probably no time I couldn't fuck her.

I left her standing there, on display for me, while I found the suspension cuffs and a couple other things I wanted to try. She was still standing there when I returned, even slicker than when I left, her position arousing her further. I put the cuffs on both her hands and feet. Fastening a pulley to one of the new hooks I'd installed, I fastened the wrist cuffs to the rope and raised her off the ground. Our high ceilings allowed plenty of leeway, but six inches put her at a perfect height. I used a spreader bar to force out her legs, putting her feet about forty inches apart. 

"You're almost ready to cum, aren't you, slave?"

"Yes, Master."

"You like being confined and unable to resist, don't you?"

"Yes, sir."

I removed my clothes, my erection hard and unyielding. 

"Are you going to fuck me, Master?" Julia asked.

"I am."

"May I cum, sir? I don't think I'll last long once you penetrate me."

"I think I'll make you wait for awhile, slave."

She resigned herself. I could see the look of determination forming as I told her she must wait. I had to bend my knees only slightly to align myself with her slit. I speared upward suddenly and she gasped. She was so freaking tight with her plug in. I could feel it in her ass rubbing up against my prick. I dropped down slightly and gave another hard thrust upward.

"Master," she moaned. "It feels so good. I don't know how long I can wait. Please let me cum."

"Not yet," I panted. "I'm quite a way from climaxing myself."

"You said no more than two, maybe three minutes at the most."

"Then you can cum in three minutes and not a second earlier," I replied, my hands holding her perfect ass and bouncing her up and down on my shaft. 

I started counting off the time in my head, determined to make her wait. Julia didn't last thirty seconds. I heard her groan and her cunt was clasping my cock in a velvet embrace as she spasmed helplessly.

"I'm sorry, Master," she whimpered. "I tried to wait. Honest."

"Now you'll wait again until I cum," I said, thrusting through her soft folds.

Four minutes later, she was begging again, sobbing she couldn't wait any longer. I had to be four or five minutes away myself, not yet reaching my trigger point. 

"Wait!" I ordered. "You can't cum yet."

She tried. I really believe she tried. She was crying, a strained look on her face. She couldn't hold me, couldn't close her legs, couldn't stop me or slow me down at all. 

"Ungghh! Fuck me, fuck me, I'm cumming again."

I could tell. Her pussy pulsed on my cock in rapid fire squeezes like a nurse blowing up a sphygmomanometer to check my blood pressure. Pump, pump, pump. She felt very tight on the compressions, trying to wring the sperm from my cock. As great as it felt, I still wasn't ready to cum. I continued pumping myself, sliding into the warm bath of her sheath. 

The third time, she managed to hold out until I my penis popped off and I hosed her pussy down with my jizz, like shaking a pop can and pulling the tab. When I told her she could cum, her mewls of relief were sobbed in my ear like a meditation chant; om, om, om. I laughed, it was so sweet.

"Cumming twice without permission, slave. What a bad girl you are."

"I'm sorry, Master. I couldn't help myself. I'm on the edge of climax all the time."

"You know what that means, don't you?"

"Yes, sir. I must be punished."

I kissed her before lowering her. "Clean me, slave." She dropped to her knees and cleaned my cock of our combined cum. She'd gone from the woman who grimaced with distaste every time she was exposed to it to eagerly swallowing every drop she came into contact with; a very pleasing change in attitude. Done with her cleaning chores, I hooked her spreader bar to the pulley and raised her upside down. Pulling her up until her pussy was at the perfect height for my mouth, I dined on her slick folds until she asked permission to cum. Then I stopped, while she groaned in disappointment.

I got down so I could speak to her face. "Somehow, slave, you seem to think you can cum every time you want. This is a terrible quality in a slave. She should be concentrating on her owner's pleasure, not her own. Perhaps I've been too lenient with you, let you cum too often. Perhaps you need more work with the Slave Trainer; leave it on you for a day."

"Master, I don't believe the Slave Trainer's purpose is to train a slave not to cum. It won't allow me to cum, but it leaves me on the edge where the slightest stimulation releases me. I suspect it makes me more orgasmic, not less so."

"What should I do with you then, slave?"

"Take advantage. Use me. Fuck me. What Master wouldn't want a hot slut slave who's always ready to fuck? Who squeals in delight as her Master takes her? Always wet, always willing? Knowing you won't have to work to bring her pleasure? Who wants to fuck so much, she'll do anything in her power to make him ready again? A slave is meant to be used and used often. If she cums, but doesn't ignore her owner as she does, isn't this a slave worthy of the strongest Master?"

"So, you believe you should be punished only if your orgasms interfere in some way with the pleasure you should be giving me?"

"Yes, sir."

"Interesting concept. I'll take it under advisement. While I consider it, I will be punishing you for the two times you did cum."

"Of course, sir."

"My hand first, then the Enforcer."

"As you wish, sir."

As I wished. Could there be any more magical words to stir the imagination and rouse the blood. I began spanking her behind. It jiggled and her body swung, starting to spin. I steadied her so she wouldn't move so much. I didn't want to think about my aim, nor hit something unintended. Her bottom grew red, small whimpers of pain escaping, yet amazingly tolerant of my hand. I finished the first thirty and I was hard again. I fed her my cock and she took me all down. 

I was thrusting into her mouth, and she was taking every inch of me. It felt so good. Her oral skills had improved markedly since she was no longer afraid to get cum in her mouth. I was getting close to my release and felt I needed to reward my slave for her excellent work. I clasped her hips to me and started licking her cunt, hoping to give her the pleasure I'd earlier denied. 

"You may cum when I do, slave."

She couldn't respond. My cock was filling her throat. Her body started trembling and thrashing almost as soon as I spoke, she was so close. I felt my cock swell and erupt inside her mouth and her pussy fluttered against my lips shortly after, almost like a kiss, the channel sucking at my tongue. Because she was hanging upside down, it was hard to swallow, and some of my sperm ran out of her mouth and down her face. She wiped it with her hands and licked it off her fingers.

I don't know about her orgasm, but mine was excellent. I lowered her to the ground and removed the suspension cuffs. 

"I'm hungry," I said. "We'll do your second punishment in a few minutes, but first, I'm going to order food from Boston Market and have it delivered by Grubhub. You will, of course, answer the door naked."

"Yes, sir." 

She trembled, knowing she would be exposed to another person. Perhaps more. I hadn't decided yet. It might depend on who came to the door, male or female. Or it might depend totally on my mood.

We picked out our food from the Grubhub website. I decided to get the rotisserie half chicken honey balsamic basil style with two sides, Julia got the rotisserie turkey with two sides. I hadn't eaten since breakfast. I don't know what Julia had to eat at Lisa's but she was hungry too. Delivery time was supposed to be 25-35 minutes, so I waited for 20 before I bent Julia over my knee and began applying the Enforcer to her delectable bottom. We had reached 22 strokes with the paddle and her bottom was a glorious red and she was silently sobbing when the doorbell rang. 

I handed her the money. "If the delivery person asks why you're crying, you're to tell them you're being spanked for climaxing without permission. You will ask them if they want to touch your ass to see how warm it is."

She looked at me, somewhat puzzled. Neither of us knew if the driver would be a man or woman yet. "Yes, Master." She got up and somewhat stiffly, approached the door.

Julia opened the door and invited the driver in, a young man standing wide eyed at the threshold. He looked at her with something akin to panic on his face, especially after seeing me sitting there on the couch, with nothing but shorts on. He saw me holding the paddle in my hand and the tears streaking Julia's cheeks. He looked somewhat nerdy, with thick framed glasses on. She handed him the money and told him to keep the change. 

While keeping a close eye on me, he asked, "Are you all right, ma'am?"

"Yes."

"You're crying," he said.

"My Master has been spanking me for having an orgasm without permission. It's with my consent, so he's not doing anything he's not supposed to." She turned her back to him and showed him her red bottom. "Touch it. Feel how warm it is."

Still keeping an eye on me with my paddle, he said, "I don't think that would be appropriate, ma'am."

"If you think I would object to you touching my wife's red bottom, you'd be wrong," I said. "I have no objection whatsoever."

Julia took the food from him and set it down on a table by the door. "Touch it. Please. I want you to feel how warm it is."

He slowly moved his hand toward her ass. I wondered if he'd ever felt a naked woman before. His eyes kept shifting from her naked derrière to me and back again. Finally his hand touched her. She quivered.

"Isn't it warm?" Julia asked.

"It is warm," he said.

"She still gets eight more," I said. "You're welcome to watch if you want."

Julia looked at me startled. I was going to let someone else witness her naked bottom be spanked. 

"I don't think...eight you say...I don't know...perhaps I could stay for eight," he said, the words spilling out of his mouth in a jumble.

"Of course. Come over here, Julia, and bend over my lap again," I said. To the young man, "You can come a little closer. Neither one of us bites." He sidled closer.

Julia went over my lap and she was aware our young guest was staring at both at her bottom and her exposed sex. She tried to close her legs. 

"Spread your legs, slave. Let him see how wet you are."

Julia slowly spread her legs. The young man's eyes got wider. If they grew much wider, I was worried the eyeballs might pop from his skull.

"Keep count for eight more," I said.

"Yes, sir."

I smacked her bottom. She jumped in my lap and a strangled "one" popped out of her mouth.

"Do you like someone staring at your cunt while I spank you?" I asked.

"Yes, Master."

I don't believe she was lying. We could both see the dew collected on her pubic lips, ready to drip off.

Swat. "Two". Swat. "Three".

"You're aroused now, aren't you, slave?"

"Yes, Master. Very aroused."

"So aroused you're ready to cum?" I asked.

She blushed so red, the rest of her came close to the color of her ass.

"Yes, Master."

Smack. "Four". Smack. "Five".

"If I were to shove the handle of this paddle into your cunt now, do you think you'll orgasm?"

"Yes, Master."

"Perhaps you should ask for permission now, because I may do it, right in front of this young man."

"Please, Master, let your slave cum."

"You may cum if something goes into your cunt, but not until then."

"Yes, sir."

Whack. "Six". Whack. "Seven".

"Young man, have you ever touched a woman's pussy?" I asked.

"No..no...no, sir."

"Touch this one. She wants you to. She'll cum if you touch her."

"Ma'am, is it all right if I touch you?"

"Please, sir, touch my cunt," Julia whimpered. "Make me cum."

"Use two fingers," I suggested. "Shove them in deep."

He came closer and slowly reached out with his fore and middle fingers. Julia was trembling, ready to explode. As soon as his hand touched her pussy, he pushed all the way in until the knuckles of his other fingers hit flesh. Julia moaned and released, her pussy clinging to his fingers like a vise. He left his fingers sit there, knuckle deep, enjoying her warmth, the wetness. He finally realized we hadn't said a peep and he didn't have to remain still and started fucking her with his fingers, sliding them in and out. Julia moaned again and started thrashing around on my lap, cumming harder. He kept going until I asked him to stop.

"She's very sensitive at the moment," I said. "You need to stop now."

He pulled his fingers out reluctantly. They were coated in her cum, practically dripping.

"If you put them in her mouth; she'll clean your fingers for you," I said.

"Is it all right if I lick them clean myself? I want to see what a woman tastes like."

I shrugged. "Be my guest."

He put both fingers in his mouth and licked them clean. "She tastes good."

"I agree. She tastes very good. Thank you for bringing our food and satisfying my slave." I gave her the final swat quickly. "Slave, show him out and give him a kiss before he leaves."

"Thank you, sir," he said, bowing slightly.

"You're welcome," I replied.

She stood up and escorted him to the door. She gave him a quick kiss before opening the door and letting him out. Julia came running back to me, kissing me frantically. 

"I can't believe you let another man touch me like that," she whispered.

"You wanted me to, didn't you. I sensed how aroused you were at having him watch you be punished."

"Yes," she admitted. "I did want it."

"Because you're a sexy slave slut," I said. "I'm either going to end up punishing you all the time or I'll need to let you cum when you want. You're incorrigible. All he had to do was touch you and you climaxed."

"It was the build up beforehand, Master. Knowing I would have to answer the door naked, the spanking, showing him my punished bum, letting him touch it, the continued spanking with him looking on. I was helpless to respond in any other way."

"Go get our food. I'm going to feed you."

She jumped up and got the food from the table and brought it back. We sat on the floor and ate. I fed her. She opened her mouth like a baby bird and I forked food into it, taking bites of my own every other bite. When we finished eating, we cleaned up together.

I looked at my watch. Seven.

"I think it's time, slave."

"Yes, Master."

******

JULIA

I couldn't believe Master let another man touch me. He'd let women touch me before and let me service them, but this was the first time he'd let a man do it. Granted, he was young and a shy virgin, but still. I couldn't believe I'd cum so easily and so hard. 

When Master said it was time, I knew what he meant. It was time to surrender my ass to him. I wasn't an anal virgin, but the first time hadn't been pleasant. Five years ago, we'd gotten drunk on our fifth anniversary and he talked me into anal sex. It was painful and not that exciting, at least for me. Now, we'd be doing it again. I hoped it would be better this time around.

"Go remove your plug and take a shower," Master said.

"Yes, sir."

I went into the bathroom, removed and washed my anal plug and got into the shower. I noticed I was getting hair on my mound again, so shaved everything. When I was clean and brushed my teeth, I went into the bedroom and Master had four ropes sitting on the bed and a large bolster pillow. 

"Lie down on your stomach over the pillow. I'm going to tie you down."

I didn't speak, merely obeyed. He was my Master. The pillow was high enough it made my bottom stick up and out. He quietly fastened my arms and legs down so I was spread eagled on my stomach. I hoped this didn't mean he expected it to hurt or he would be rough with me, but only realized I responded well to being bound. It was part of what made my fantasies so arousing; I lost control of what was happening to me. Somehow, there could be no holding back, no failure to respond. Since I had no choice, I had to fully open myself to the experience, surrender fully without regard to social norms and propriety; to let go without boundaries.

"Are you comfortable?" Master asked. 

"Yes, sir." Both comfortable and aroused. I expected he could see my pussy pouting at him, open and inviting, dewy, but Master wouldn't be using that part of my anatomy tonight. He'd done what he could to prepare me though, so hopefully, it wouldn't be as disappointing as the last time we'd tried.

Master got some lube before he climbed onto the bed, though he didn't use it immediately and I was worried he was going to try to penetrate me without. I worried needlessly. Instead, he began licking and kissing my buttocks, making love to them as he might my breasts. When his tongue dipped within my crack and licked my crinkled star, I jumped, though not far considering the ropes held me down. I felt uneasy when he started, that he would be licking me there, but I had taken an exhaustive shower and made sure I was as clean as I could be, so I allowed myself to melt as his tongue did wonderful things to the nerve endings surrounding my sphincter. It almost seemed the more he licked me, the less my ass clenched, almost as if I were inviting him in, and in a way, I was. I was pretty relaxed after awhile, loose and languid, and even more aroused. I definitely wanted something in me soon.

His mouth left me and he gently rubbed lubricant in and around the muscle, further relaxing me. He got over me and I expected him to find my anus and go into me, but instead, he found my cunt first, sliding deep inside, coating himself with me. He slowly fucked me until I had my first orgasm and was feeling no pain, no anxiety, no tenseness. He pulled out and a few more drops of lube was added to my star before I felt the head of his cock poised at my back door, nudging against me.

"Are you ready, slave?" Master asked.

I realized I'd tightened up again, clenching against the inevitable invasion. I forced myself to relax and said, "I'm ready, Master."

He slowly flexed his hips and I felt myself parting for him. The sense of fullness of the plugs, less wide, but never shrinking for the flange. He was slow and gentle, Finally, he was deeper than any plug and I could feel his balls dangling against my pussy. He was all the way in. There was no pain, a modest discomfort like I was constipated and couldn't force it out, but having my ass prepared by the plugs was a good plan. 

For the longest time, Master just rested inside me, letting me grow accustomed to the fullness and the stretching. When he finally moved, I wanted him to move, to feel him move. Unhurriedly withdrawing, then pushing back in, just as slow. Unlike the first time, it did feel good. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"Mmm," I said. "Nice, Master."

"It feels good?" He asked.

"Yes," I wiggled my butt, "it does, sir."

"Can I go faster?" Master asked. 

"You're the Master," I said. "I'm at your mercy."

He laughed. He took me to mean I was doing fine and had no objection to increasing his speed. So he sped up, but gradually. He was using all of my ass, going from buried balls deep to my sphincter barely clinging to the head of his cock. He reached below me and played with my clit. I don't know if it would have been necessary for an orgasm, but it didn't hurt. It was also good he'd given me one before we started. I'd never lost the edge of arousal the first one gave me, and I could feel another one building, the warmth and pleasure in my ass spreading outward in circular waves. My nipples were hard, taut, blood engorged buttons. 

"Master, your slave requests permission to cum," I said, getting closer and closer to falling off the cliff.

"You have my permission, slave."

It wasn't long afterward I felt the waves of pleasure breaking, the familiar sensation of free falling through space, my body shuddering and trembling as I died the little death, petit mort, as the French say. Still, it left me wanting more, wanted him to fuck me harder, faster. He hadn't cum yet, so my wish could be fulfilled. 

"Fuck me harder, Master, faster. Own my ass. Make me beg for it."

He laughed again. And plunged harder, slamming into me. Yes, I thought. Own me. I'm yours, Master. And he owned me. Three minutes later, I was begging him.

"Fuck me. Cum in my ass. Give me permission to cum, Master. God, I'm so close. Fuck me."

He sped up faster and an instant before I climaxed, he stilled and I could feel his warm cum filling my bottom, thick spurts of his cum, his prick pulsing madly. I orgasmed with him, my rectum squeezing and clenching against the fullness. He lay still, supported on the pillows of my cheeks, his body quivering slightly. I could feel the fullness leaving me as he shrank, blood going elsewhere now his present was delivered. One final squeeze and out he popped. 

Master left me tied to the bed while he got up and went to the bathroom. He returned with a warm, wet washcloth with which he wiped me down. When he was satisfied, he returned to the bathroom and I could hear him rinsing it out. Upon his return, he released me. I rolled off the pillow and cuddled in his arms. 

"Was it better than the first time?" Master asked.

"Much better, sir," I replied. "For the first time, I feel fully owned. There is no part of your slave you haven't made use of." I kissed him.

"So you'd do this again?"

"I'm a slave," I said "Does my Master allow me the choice?"

"Not a slave forever," he reminded me. I didn't want to be reminded. I was enjoying this too much. 

"But for now," I said, kissing him again.

******

SCOTT

The next day, I decided to try the opposite of orgasm denial. Since my slave was becoming so orgasmic and having difficulty with cumming despite being told she couldn't, why not go in the opposite direction with unlimited orgasms without being given a moment to rest. I had two Slave Trainers, so keeping one of them inside her indefinitely was no issue, and I had two other holes to use now. 

We'd gone to bed relatively early last night and Julia was able to get up with me and earn her clothes for the day. At least we'd be able to go out in public. Doing so while she was having orgasm after orgasm might be fun. The thought of it stirred my libido and I sent quite a river of cum into her mouth when I climaxed this morning. I decided to tell her.

"Slave, I've decided we'll try something different today."

"Yes, sir. What would my Master be contemplating."

"You said you're having difficulty restraining yourself from cumming when I tell you not to, so I've decided for today, you don't need to ask for permission, just to see how that works out for us," I said.

"Master, how wonderful."

"There is a qualification, however. Since I now have two other slave holes to use without reservation, I'm thinking you should wear a Slave Trainer all day. We have two; we can alternate between the two all day long."

"So I'm not to be allowed to climax unless you do, sir?"

"You misunderstand," I said. "We'll be turning the orgasm override off today. You may cum as often as you like, as often as the machine makes you cum."

Her facial expression quickly changed. How could it not? "With no respite?" Julia asked.

"Except for having to change from one to the other due to dead batteries or to use the bathroom; none."

"Master, I don't know if I'll be able to make it through a whole day having orgasm after orgasm. It sounds like too much."

"Let's test it out, shall we? Let's make it a little bit more sporting. Every time you give me an orgasm, we'll turn the Slave Trainer off for fifteen minutes."

"You can't orgasm as frequently as I can, sir."

You're stating the obvious. You always have the ability to use your safe word if you can't go all day long. If you use it, I'll not make you orgasm again. Though you'll still have to wear the Slave Trainer. We'll just switch it back to orgasm denial."

"That might be worse, sir."

"There's always Omega," I said. "We can always stop. You did say last night I was your Master for now, did you not? That hasn't changed yet, has it."

"No, sir. It hasn't changed."

"Good, go put it on and make sure the other one is on the charger."

"Yes, sir."

Julia didn't have a lot of bounce in her step when she left the room. Masters could be cruel sometimes. She returned five minutes later. I handed her my phone.

"Why don't you pick the vibration pattern you think you'll be able to tolerate the easiest while you're wearing it."

She turned it on and began going through each of the many different patterns available. She tried each one for about thirty seconds, cumming once during the testing process. My phone dinged. We'd be able to tell how many times she climaxed today. She handed the phone back when she was done. 

"This one, sir."

I looked at what she'd chosen. She picked one where the vaginal vibrations and thrusts were almost constant, but the clitoral vibrations were widely spaced and random. I could see where something buzzing on your clit all day might be a bit much.

"Right. Let's have some breakfast and go sit out by the pool for awhile. It's a beautiful sunny day and we've spent much of the last few days indoors. We could use a little sun. I'm even thinking of a walk around the neighborhood today. You earned one of your less revealing outfits today. We might walk up to the Dairy Queen for a sundae later."

"Yes, sir."

Julia almost got through breakfast prep without cumming again. I guessed maybe fifteen to twenty minutes since her last one. She had another as I fed her, and a third as we cleaned up. I was guessing they were closer together. I imagined the machine was keeping her on edge and the orgasms would start becoming more and more frequent as we went along, at least until she was able to take a break for some reason. 

After breakfast, we gathered what we'd need for a leisurely few hours by the pool; water, towels, sunscreen, her lube. I certainly planned to use her again as we lounged naked in the sun. Her back door was open for business and it felt really good last night. She climaxed again, while we prepared, the phone giving me the signal even though the look on her face would have told me the same.

"Why don't you oil me up first," I suggested when we were out by the pool. "I'll do you after."

"Yes, Master."

Julia started on my back. I could feel the wetness on me whenever she rested her bottom on me. My little slave was primed. When I flipped over, I was semi-hard and she took my cock in her mouth, hoping to earn her first respite. I let her work my cock for awhile, enjoying her enhanced skills, and letting her bring me to full hardness, but I stopped her before she brought me off.

"You could orgasm now, Master," she pleaded.

"Yes," I said, "but I was thinking of cumming when I was oiling your back."

She smiled. "Of course, Master. My apologies."

She finished covering me with sunscreen and laid down on her stomach, parting her legs, giving me access.

"I'll do your front first," I said. "Business before pleasure.

She flipped over, rather despondently, I thought. While I carefully applied lotion to her front, she climaxed twice more, once when I was oiling her breasts, playing with her nipples, and again when I smoothed lotion around her mound, squirming delightfully each time.

"Flip over," I said, and she did so with much more alacrity than the first time. I took my time smoothing the lotion over her back, butt and legs. I heard my phone alert going off twice more, though she squirmed a little less. Picking up the lube, I spread some around her star and on the tip of my cock. She spread her legs wider in anticipation. 

I started as slowly as I did last night. She hadn't just removed a plug and this was still new to us. I felt her climax as soon as my head popped through her sphincter, her buttocks clenching as she spasmed through another. Working my way into her gently, I rested while I filled her completely. She still had another climax, the Slave Trainer doing it's job to perfection. I could feel it vibrating away in her cunt, scant millimeters away from my cock.

"Fuck me, sir," my slave said. 

Who was I to deny such a bold and pleasant request. The Trainer was pushing me to cum as well. I moved, out, then in, slamming into her cheeks. 

"Ungghh," she whimpered. "More."

More I gave her. Lots more. She started screaming, "Fuck me. Fuck my ass. Cum in me, sir. Fuck me," loud enough to wake Lisa even if she were sleeping. 

I put my hand over her mouth and whispered in her ear, "Do you want the neighbors knowing what a slave slut you are?"

She nodded and I carefully removed my hand. She whimpered and grunted, but no more vocal outbursts of the volume she first used. Another couple minutes went by.

She told me something I already knew. "I'm cumming, Master."

"I know slave," I said. "Not only does the phone alert me, but I can feel you clamping down on my cock like a vise." 

"Earthquakes, Master. Tidal waves. Cosmic fireworks. Fuck, it feels so good." 

She continued to cum for a long time. Long enough for me to catch the end of her orgasm and insert my seed deep in her rectum. When she forced me out of her after, I turned off the Slave Trainer, setting my timer for fifteen minutes. She relaxed on the lounge.

I went inside and cleaned myself off. I might like to use her mouth later. I came back out and started swimming laps. The water was wonderful on my cock. It's too bad society forced the wearing of swimsuits most of the time. Going into the pool sans suit was very pleasurable. The timer on the watch went off and I swam to the side of the pool and switched the Slave Trainer back on.

"You haven't gone to any of your physical fitness classes this week," I said. "You should come into the pool and swim laps with me. A Master wouldn't want his slave to get fat and unfit."

"Under any other circumstances, I'd agree with my Master," Julia said. "I'm not sure how well I'd be able to swim while having orgasms. I might drown."

I laughed. "I doubt that, though it might interfere with your stroke. I'm in the pool, I can pull you out of the drink if you start taking on water."

She got up and walked to the edge of the pool. God, she was incredible. All women were beautiful in their own way, but my wife was something special. She walked down the steps and into the water. She came up to me and kissed me.

"How is your day of unlimited orgasms going so far?" I asked. 

"It's been less bad than expected, sir. At least my clit isn't being constantly stimulated. Of course, it's only been a couple hours so far. Ask me again when it's been at least eight hours."

"Which is worse; no orgasms or unlimited?"

"Thus far, Master, no orgasms is worse. Ask me again at the end of the day."

"Of course. Shall we swim?"

Julia leaned forward and started doing a crawl. As I might have expected, movement on her part increased the frequency and strength of her orgasms. Each time she had one, her form suffered and she'd flail a little as it was going on, then start to recover and pick up her stroke. She tried different strokes and eventually determined a modified elementary back stroke with limited kicking was the least provocative of her strokes. She was able to swim for about a half hour before her Slave Trainer died. She got out of the pool to change it and when it came out of her, it was thick with her cream. 

"You'd better wash it before putting it back on the charger," I said.

She disappeared for a time, longer than I thought was necessary. When she returned I asked her about it and she said she also used the bathroom. That sounded reasonable to me. She set this one to the same pattern as the other and went back to the lounge. I got out of the pool and we both put more sunscreen on each other. This time, I didn't fuck her ass, though she asked me to, wishing to be free of the Slave Trainer for another fifteen minutes. 

I laid down to rest and I could occasionally hear her moaning softly as she climaxed. Listening to my slave cum was stimulating to me and just before lunch, I used her mouth and when I'd cum, let her rest for another fifteen minutes. I went to the kitchen and got some sandwiches and more water and returned to the pool just as my alarm went off again. I turned it on and she moaned, more from disappointment than pleasure at this point. 

After eating, I said we should go out for a walk and get our ice cream. "Put on the sundress you earned today," I said. "The other Slave Trainer has charged long enough. Don't forget to bring it. We wouldn't want to be running out of juice without having a replacement available, would we?"

"No, Master," Julia replied, though I could tell she would have been perfectly happy if the battery died while we were walking. Her face gave her away. 

She put on her sun dress which was brief on top with her lovely erect nipples poking out of the thin fabric. It was also short, a little longer than a mini dress. It wouldn't show anything if she didn't bend over or a stiff breeze didn't blow it up. I stuffed a few paper towels and the spare Trainer in a shopping bag which I carried. The Dairy Queen was about six blocks away. We walked past Lisa's and she was in a bikini mowing her front lawn. She looked good, nearly as good as my slave. We stopped to talk to her for a few minutes. She turned off the mower and came up to us on the sidewalk. 

"How are you doing, Julia?" She asked.

"I'm doing fine," Julia replied.

"I could tell," Lisa said. "That was quite the shout you gave earlier. I was out by my pool when I heard you scream." Julia blushed. "It's why I'm out here mowing. Had to work off a little of my frustration."

"I wondered why you didn't get a mowing service," I said. 

"Jack isn't going to pay for it. It comes out of my alimony check, and I can always use the exercise. It comes in handy on days like today so I can work myself to exhaustion. Julia, are you cumming right now?"

I'd gotten another alert on my phone, so I knew she was. Julia was trying to hide it as best she could, but both of us knew her too well for us to be oblivious to her status.

"Yes," Julia admitted. "Master has the Slave Trainer inside me and he's giving me unlimited orgasms for the day."

"How many have you had so far?" Lisa asked.

"I don't know. I've lost count."

I glanced at the app. "Twenty-seven so far, since before breakfast. This keeps track for us." I showed her the app, a big 27 blinking at us from the screen.

"What time was before breakfast?" Lisa asked intrigued.

"Around eight or eight-thirty," I suggested. 

"What time is it now?" Lisa asked, without a watch.

"Just before one," I replied.

"Holy shit. That's like five to six an hour," Lisa said.

"It seems like more," Julia said. "Master turns it off for fifteen minutes when he cums and he's cum twice since it went in. Plus the battery on the first one died and so I got a rest while I changed it out."

"No wonder your nips are poking out like pegs," Lisa said. Julia glanced down at her nipples and blushed again. "I'm going to have to clean my house after this. Mowing the lawn won't be enough." 

All three of us laughed after her declaration. "We're going to the Dairy Queen for a sundae," I said. "Would you like to walk with us or can we bring you something back?"

"As appealing as that sounds, a sundae kind of defeats one of my reasons for doing this," Lisa replied, "and I suspect anything you buy would melt before you got it back to me. I'll pass. I'll talk to you later."

We continued on our way and Lisa went back to mowing her lawn. A couple more of our neighbors were out, one of them bringing their trash to the curb and one walking their dog. I stopped to speak to each one, more to put Julia on the spot than any neighborly friendliness. She did what she could to hide what she was going through and did a fairly good job of it from what I could tell. None of the people we spoke to seemed to pay her too much mind, though the dog kept sniffing Julia's leg, jumping up to get closer to the source of the interesting odor. The neighbor grew frustrated with trying to keep the dog off Julia's leg, so went on her way dragging the dog behind her. I had to laugh.

"At least the dog know's you're in heat," I said. 

Julia laughed with me. "You're not far off, Master."

At the Dairy Queen, I got a berry sundae, a mixture of different berries, and Julia got a hot fudge with nuts. We sat down at one of the picnic tables to eat. I handed Julia one of the paper towels.

"You're leaking," I said, pointing to a thin stream of her fluids running down her smooth leg. 

She surreptitiously wiped herself off. I received another alert on my phone, not an orgasm this time, her battery was about to die. 

"Time to change Trainers," I said.

"You don't expect me to do it out here, do you, Master?"

"No, you can use the ladies room," I answered.

"I wouldn't mind earning a break from the Trainer, Master."

"Out here," I suggested, "or were you planning on one of us trying to sneak the other into one of the bathrooms?"

"They have a companion bathroom, Master. We could both go into that one without much in the way of questions being raised except neither of us looks like we need assistance."

"Sure, I'm game," I said. "Everyone will know what we were doing in there, but why not. You'll still have to put the new one in when we're finished, as it's your only chance to put one on before we get home."

"Yes, Master." 

We went into the companion restroom and Julia gave me a superb blow job, eagerly swallowing my cum. There had been a big change in that department since her slavery started, a very welcome change. She removed the old Trainer and once again, it was layered white with her cum. She washed it, wiped herself down thoroughly and put the charged one in. I set my watch timer for fifteen and we walked out of the bathroom looking guilty as sin, but mighty pleased with ourselves. She walked more briskly while the Trainer was off and we were nearly home before I turned it on again. She slowed down some afterward, not risking the energetic movement of her legs.

We reached the house without meeting anyone else. Lisa was still mowing, but she was in the backyard.

"Master, I'd like to try and sleep if it's possible with this thing in me. I'm tired from all of the orgasms I've had so far. Would you have an objection?"

"No, if you can sleep, more power to you. I'm going to get a status report from Jerry on some of the projects he's working on. Put this back on the charger," I said, handing her the dead Slave Trainer.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
Julia disappeared in the bedroom. I was unconcerned she'd try removing it without my permission. I'd get an alert if she tried to do so. I called Jerry, my second in command and the guy I most trusted to run my business in my absence.

"Hey, Jerry, how's everything going?"

"On the whole, everything's going great, with the exception of the Watkins' residence."

"What's going on with the Watkins now?" Most likely it was Mrs. Watkins. She changed her mind as often as a flying bumblebee changed directions. Every change cost money, but if her husband was willing to pay for the changes, she could make as many as she wanted. 

"She thinks the pillar we have for the balcony overhanging the family room is too big. Takes away from the appearance it's floating," Jerry said.

"It's load bearing. It has to support the whole damn thing." Shit! I suppose we could put in a metal column. "We could go smaller with metal."

"I suggested that. She doesn't like the appearance of a metal beam, she wants wood. It just has to be smaller, no bigger than 3x3, not the 8x8 we need for the support. I hate to disturb your vacation, but I think you need to talk to her."

Jerry knew I hadn't left town. We were still scheduled to play poker tomorrow night. This was more of a staycation. He didn't know it was to play with my new slave girl, but he knew I was doing something with my wife. How annoying could Mrs. Watkins get, willing to sacrifice the strength and integrity of her house for appearance? The building inspector would never approve of a 3x3 wood beam. What a royal pain in the ass.

As soon as I got off the phone, I looked at the specs and plans again. No fucking way a 3x3 wood beam was going to support the balcony. It wouldn't have the structural integrity. I called the Watkins.

Might as well start with the Missus. Web Watkins would probably go along with whatever Glenda wanted. He usually did. 

"Glenda Watkins please," I said.

"Speaking."

"Jerry said you're having a problem with the support beam for the balcony."

"Yes, it needs to be smaller."

"It can't be any smaller without being steel and Jerry said you want a wood beam."

"I do."

"A wood beam that small can't support the weight of the balcony, Mrs. Watkins. It would never pass inspection by the building inspector. It's unsafe." 

"I've seen unsupported balconies at opera houses and movie theaters," she insisted.

"It's an entirely different structure, Mrs. Watkins. The supporting walls are steel and concrete, not wood. An unsupported balcony on your house would tear down both of the supporting walls. There needs to be some sort of support in the middle, or the whole thing comes toppling down like a stack of cards."

"Can't you build it like that?" 

"I could, but it would mean tearing down everything we've done so far and starting over. You'd be paying for a whole new house on top of whatever else we've already done. The only thing you wouldn't pay for would be the foundation and I'm not even sure of that. It might require a thicker foundation to go with steel and poured concrete walls. You agreed to the plans when we first put this house together. Why change everything else we've done now?"

"I don't like the look of it. It looks too big, thick and stupid."

I pounded my forehead with my hand. Shit! I hoped I could talk Web into not making the changes. The cost alone would turn most men's heads, but Web had money to burn and he might go along with the fucking changes no matter what the cost. The sooner I could finish this job and be done with the Watkins, the better I'd like it. Talk about someone who could use a couple weeks of sex slavery to get her off her fucking pedestal, Glenda would be my top choice. She even looked pretty good. Speaking of sex slaves, Julia came back into the room, apparently unable to sleep because she hadn't been gone that long and she still looked wired. I pointed to the ground at my feet and she knelt down and waited for me to finish.

"Could I speak to Web, please."

"You know he's going to agree with me. Just make the changes."

"Ma'am, even if he does agree to the changes, it's going to cost him a lot of money. I need to get his approval before I start to tear everything down. I probably can't get him a final figure now without consulting an engineer, but I should damn well give him a rough estimate."

"One moment please."

"Thank you."

A couple minutes later and Webley was on the phone. Webley. No matter he did whatever his wife told him to, stuck with a name like that.

"Web here."

"Has Jerry spoken to you about what Glenda wants him to do?"

"Yes, he has." 

"We can't pass building inspection trying to use a 3X3 wood beam. It won't support the balcony as needed. Yet she insists. To do what she wants would probably mean tearing up everything we've done so far and starting from scratch. You've already got approximately $60k in materials and labor invested in the house. That all gets trashed if we start over and the new construction will probably substantially increase the price of the house. The types of walls she's talking about will cost more than the wood frame walls we have now and the foundation may have to be strengthened to support new, heavier walls. I know you can probably afford what she wants to do, but isn't there a limit as to how much you want to spend to build a house of this size. For the amount we're talking about, you could probably have built something twice the size. Yet this house won't be any bigger, just more expensive."

"I like to keep my wife satisfied, Mr. Rivers. It makes my life so much easier."

"I like to keep my wife satisfied as well, Mr. Watkins, but there are limits as to what I'm able to do." Julia smiled at that, recognizing my double entendre intended for her.

"I don't have many limits, Scott; at least as far as money goes. If she wants to change it, go ahead and change it."

"Okay. I'll have an engineer check over everything and get back to you as to the new price."

"Fine." Click.

"What seems to be the problem, Master?"

"Glenda Watkins doesn't like the size of the beam to hold up her balcony. It needs an 8x8 wood beam to be structurally sound. A 3x3 tempered steel beam would do the job, but she doesn't want a steel beam, she wants wood. I'm probably going to have to tear down everything and start from scratch. I'm almost ready to tell them to get another builder. I've never had such a pain in the ass client before. I'd just as soon be done with the whole thing."

"What if you used the steel beam and boxed it with laminated wood, or whatever material would make her happy, Master. Theoretically, you could use anything from tile, to mirrors to marble. It would look like what she wants and still be structurally sound."

I looked at her in amazement. What a fucking brilliant idea. I kissed her. "I knew there was a reason I married you besides your stunning good looks."

She smiled happily. "I'm glad I could be of service sir."

"You just earned yourself a fucking hour respite from the Trainer the next time I cum."

"Your slave would find such a respite most welcome, Master."

"I take it you couldn't sleep?"

"No, Master. It's hard to sleep when you're cumming. Speaking of which, do you think you'll be able to cum again soon."

"Let me call Jerry and get him started on your brilliant idea. I'll probably have to go to work tomorrow and see if I can't convince the Watkins to accept your plan. Probably need to get an early start, put together some different materials for the boxing, so she could see her choices."

"I'm sorry you'll have to work, Master. I've enjoyed our time together."

"Me too, my beautiful slave. I'm so glad I suggested this to you and even more happy you accepted the challenge."

I called Jerry back and told him everything I'd discussed with the Watkins and Julia's idea. Jerry was as enthusiastic as I was. He had to deal with the Watkins more than I did as the supervisor of their construction. By the time I was finished, it was close to supper time. I asked Julia if she'd like to order delivery again or if we should prepare our food here. 

"Would I be naked, sir, and would you do things to me in front of them again?"

"Slaves shouldn't know what's on the mind of their Masters. Everything should be open and anything might happen." 

She smiled at me. "I would prefer we prepare our own food then, Master."

"As you wish. One other question. I'm probably able to cum again. Would you like to do it now before supper so you can eat in peace, or after we eat so you can try to nap again."

"Eating without orgasms sounds pleasant to me, Master. Let's have sex now."

"Mouth or ass?"

She looked at me with a sly smile on her face. "The previous time you used my ass, I saw stars, Master. I would not be averse to stars again."

"You mean when you roused the whole neighborhood?"

Julia blushed and said, "Yes, sir."

"Find your lubricant and meet me in the bedroom."

Julia rose gracefully to her feet and scurried off to find it. I was naked and in the bedroom when she returned. My cock wasn't completely hard yet, but well on its way. Three minutes in her mouth took care of the rest. I was continuously amazed at how having a lovely wanton slave doing my bidding around kept my libido going. I was almost 33 and fucking like a teenager. It was almost like exploring sex with a completely different woman. Julia was being kept in a state of perpetual cumming by the Slave Trainer, so she didn't require foreplay. On the other hand...

JULIA

"I want you to prepare my cock and your ass for fucking," Master said.

"Master?" I questioned.

"Put lube on my cock and your asshole," I responded. "I'd like to see you play with it."

"I can't see it," I said. "I might miss when I try to put lube on."

"You can feel around for it. I'm sure you have enough hand/hand coordination to ensure you're close enough to the target not to get it all over the bed."

I'd never played around with my butt hole before. My pussy hundreds, if not thousands of times, but never my anus. I removed the top off the lube bottle and pulled my legs up toward my head and put my left hand on one of the cheeks and starting inching in toward my sphincter. I'd seen it in a mirror a few times, most recently when I shaved myself bare, knowing what it looked like, but never touching it other than with tissue. I knew I was getting closer, my fingers slowly feeling down the slope. And there it was.

The hard muscular ring around the entry to my ass, little ridges and lines, the tiny pit in the center the ring protected. I moved the bottle until I touched my other hand, and keeping contact with it, tipped the bottle down, feeling the cool liquid, drip, drip, drip, over the tip of my finger and onto the hole. I smeared it around with that finger, rubbing it for two inches in all directions from the epicenter. Drip, drip, pushing a little inside me with my fingertip, even that tiny penetration feeling fine. The hole widened slightly as if it knew what was coming and prepared for it. 

Master lay on his back on the bed, his cock a flagpole, down at a 45 degree angle, but still hard. I dripped some lubricant on the head and smoothed it down, adding more and more until his entire cock felt slippery in my hand.

"Mount me," he ordered hoarsely, his mouth suddenly dry.

I straddled his hips and adjusted his cock until I felt the head in contact with my slickened hole, then let my weight drop, feeling him expand the ring, pushing past it and up into my rectum. I gasped as I slid down his pole, so full, the Trainer buzzing away inside of me. I climaxed almost immediately, before I reached the bottom of his cock. My body tightened around my intruders as I sank the rest of the way down until I rested on his legs, still quivering through my orgasm. 

"I put you in charge of our pleasure," Master said. "Fuck yourself on my prick."

I did, going as fast or slow as I wanted. Sometimes faster, sometimes slower, sometimes not moving at all except for the Slave Trainer vibrating in my cunt. Master had cum several times already today. He was not going to cum fast, so I moved to accommodate me, to pleasure myself without his dick becoming a pain in my ass. While I moved on him, his hands were free to play with my breasts. To flick my turgid nipples with his fingers, to squeeze the pliant flesh in his hands, to pinch and tongue and suckle, adding that pleasure to the pleasure centered in my groin. I orgasmed often, but none of them satisfying or ending the craving, always another one just behind it, building before the last one ended. The little ones the preliminary tremors, warning you of the major fault shift to come. The one that would change your world as you knew it, raising mountains, creating new seas, fracturing cities. It was there, forming, mounting, escalating, just out of reach, the warning sirens blaring, signaling danger, danger, seek shelter.

Master was tonguing my left nipple, hard, plump button. Suddenly, he bit, a flare of pain, and there it was. Seismographs going wild, the pens leaping back and forth across the page, the earthquake warned about, prepared for, though never for this. I surrendered, I screamed. I shattered, I exploded, then floated, drifting in crystal shards through space; gravity gone, mind gone, everything gone but spasms at the center of my being. Suddenly, a collapsing star, falling inward to the objects penetrating me, every thought, every emotion centered on my plugged core, time missing, all going black.

"Julia," shaking, "Julia are you okay." I was lying on top of him, Master shaking me. Who was Julia? I was a nameless slave, beloved of her Master. I opened my eyes and there was Master, eyes worried. 

"What's wrong, Master? Why are you worried?"

"You passed out, Julia. You suddenly collapsed against my chest and became non-responsive."

"No, I didn't pass out, Master. I orgasmed. It was beautiful. The best, most powerful orgasm I've ever had. I can still feel the tremors, the aftershocks. Oh, Master, I've never felt anything like it. All feeling, all sensation centered on my cunt and the cock in my ass. I thought some of the other orgasms I've had were good. This was something special. I've never felt anything like it. I maybe closed my eyes and tried to concentrate on the feeling, but I can assure you; I didn't pass out. I remember everything."

"Really?" Master asked, doubtfully. 

"It was beautiful. I was floating, like a dandelion seed on the breeze." I had a sudden thought. "Master, you climaxed too, didn't you? I was in charge of your pleasure. Please tell me you orgasmed and I didn't neglect you through mine?"

"No. I climaxed. Just before your eyes closed and you dropped onto my chest."

"Did I just drop, splat, or did I lower myself quickly, sir."

"More of a lowering thing, I guess. Fast, but not splat fast."

"See. I didn't pass out. I was just enjoying the sensations, swept away by the emotion of it all. You worried for nothing."

"Are you sure you're okay?"

"I'm good; better than good. I'm great. I'm still floating. It was a mind bending experience. Fuck, that one was worth all the others I've had today put together. It made wearing this orgasm machine all day worth it. Still you need to turn it off. You orgasmed. I get an hours rest. I shall need every minute of it to recover."

Master squirmed out from under me, found his phone and turned off the Slave Trainer.

"Is that your cum running out of my ass and down my leg, Master?"

He looked down at my bottom. "Some of mine, but it looks like it's mixing with some of yours from your pussy. I'll get something to clean both of us up. Since you get an hour without cumming, why don't you remove the Trainer and put it on the charger."

I rolled to the edge of the bed and got off without sitting down on it. We'd probably need to change the sheets anyway, but no point in making it worse than it was.

"Master, I'm starving," I said as he returned from the bathroom. "Nothing like orgasms all day to make a slave hungry. I need to be fed quickly or I might really pass out."

"I promise to feed you, but first things first." He handed me a warm, wet washcloth and I wiped myself down after removing the Trainer. I handed it back so he could use it on his cum covered cock. 

"I'll start dinner while you clean your Trainer. You might even want another shower. I'm not sure one washcloth can do the job."

It was a good idea. It didn't have to be more than a quick shower, but it felt good to let the warm water roll over me. When I got to the kitchen, Master suggested I mix a salad. He was grilling two lovely NY strip steaks on the JennAir grill. He was naked and looked good enough to eat himself. 

"Medium, dear slave?"

"Medium rare, sir, if it gets it to my belly faster," I replied. "I feel like I haven't eaten today."

"Medium rare it is. It should be ready in five minutes."

"I'll set the table, Master."

Master soon brought the food to the table. He cut both steaks into bite size pieces. While he ate one, he fed me the other as I sat on his lap, interspersing the steak with forkfuls of salad. Occasionally, a drop of dressing or meat juice would drip while he fed me and he'd lick it off my skin, taking his time with it. By the time we were done eating, I wanted to fuck again, and told Master so. I was a sex slave.

"You're becoming insatiable," Master said. "I might not survive your slavery. It's been an hour. Put your Slave Trainer in."

I kissed him and got off his lap. When I returned, the kitchen was cleaned and the food put away. Rather than taking his naked slave again, Master brought me to the family room and turned on the TV. We sat together on the couch and watched some of our favorite recorded shows together, Master lightly caressing me while the Slave Trainer brought me to orgasm after orgasm. At one point, around 8:30, Master grew hard once more and I sucked him until his salty cream spilled forth. There wasn't much to go around this time. Master was right. I might end up fucking him to death. By ten, I was tired and wished to go to bed. Climaxing all day was hard work. 

"I haven't used your beautiful cunt all day long," Master said. "You may go to bed when you get me hard enough to fuck you."

"Yes, Master."

I tried, but Master had cum too often today and wasn't able to get hard again right away. His cock remained limp no matter how hard I tried despite all my new found cocksucking skills. I tried again around eleven, and while he showed more promise than an hour before, he remained too flaccid to penetrate me. Trying again forty minutes later, I finally achieved the results I desired. We removed the Slave Trainer and his cock slid into my wet cunt for the first time today. Despite my weariness, Master made me cum again, though he had very little moisture to add to my own when he finally climaxed. Turning off the TV, we went to the bedroom and Master showed me the two outfits available for me tomorrow, the oriental style silk dress with the very high side slit, or the leather harness which did nothing to cover me. It would be almost worse than going naked, as it accentuated and enhanced my nudity rather than provide cover. I could certainly never go out in public with it, which pre-supposed Master had no plans to take me out tomorrow.

"It's the end of the day," Master asked; "which is worse, unlimited orgasms or orgasm denial?"

"Both of them have disadvantages. Cumming all day made me hungry and tired. All the muscles which are normally involved in an orgasm are sore. Despite this, orgasm denial is worse. Needing to cum and being unable to is worse. How many times did I cum today, sir?" I asked.

Master checked his phone. "Eighty-seven."

"Eighty-eight, sir," I replied. "I climaxed just now while you fucked me. Since the Trainer wasn't in me, it couldn't measure that one."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
"You've been a busy girl today."

"And I'll sleep the sleep of the dead as a result, Master."

Master smiled at me and kissed me. "Of course you will. You're a good sex slave. You've been a slave now for almost a week and have had a chance to form some opinions on the matter. How do you like being a sex slave?"

"So far, Master," I said, "I've loved it. I've never had better sex. Not just in frequency, but in quality. At least five of the orgasms I've had have been the best I've ever experienced, probably more."

"I assume you're still willing to continue then."

I hugged and kissed him. "Yes, Master." I wrapped my arms and legs around him and quickly slipped into a coma like sleep.

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 08|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-08|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<em>Julia finds out her Master expects her to serve as a white silk slave for the poker game. She tries to resist, but the alternative choice is too difficult. This chapter contains lots of oral sex, both masculine and feminine, of their friends, which in addition to her nudity, Julia finds both humiliating and arousing. No STD's exist in this fantasy world. Enjoy.</em> 

<strong>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 8 - Julia Pays for Her Dereliction</strong> 

JULIA 

I was vaguely aware of Master getting up, but not so aware I realized what his getting up meant. I was back asleep before I realized he was gone. I woke up around nine, remembered he'd had to go to work this morning to deal with the Watkins, knowing I'd lost the chance for the silk dress. Since I was naked most of the time anyway, the leather harness wouldn't particularly bother me. Master would never take me out of the house in it, so I slipped back to sleep, glad I could finally get some real rest. 

Getting up around eleven, I fixed myself a hearty breakfast, still hungry despite the steaks last night. Cleaning up afterward, I had time to read, but my usual literary fare had less appeal. I was living the fantasy, and reading about some fictional girls travails as a sex slave didn't float my boat the way it usually did. I imagined it might again after my own slavery was over. Instead, I caught up on some magazines I'd let slide. It was odd not having sex all the time. I found my fingers kept drifting down to my pussy, realizing I couldn't cum, and pulling them away before I could satisfy myself. 

At two, there was knocking on the back door. Usually, only our friends used the back door; most other people going to the front. Still, I peaked out the window, hoping it wasn't a repairman or worse, knowing I was naked as a jaybird. It was only Lisa and I let her in with a sigh of relief. 

"Sorry for the nudity, but Master left early this morning and I didn't earn any clothing by sucking his cock. He had to go to work today. I can't do anything about it until he comes back. What can I do for you?" 

"I came over to find out if you needed any help getting ready for the poker game tonight?" 

Poker! Oh, no! Shit! 

"Shit! It's Thursday already? And it's at my house? Fuck? What the hell am I going to do?" 

No wonder Master didn't put at least the semblance of something wearable outside the house as a second option. We weren't going anywhere. Instead, four other people were coming here, five including Lisa. 

"Don't you have a way to get some other clothing if you miss your morning deadline?" Lisa asked. 

"Oh sure," I said, "by sucking his cock and getting twenty swats, which I have to do in front of everyone and my secondary outfit is nothing more than a bunch of leather straps that don't hide a damn thing. Fuck!" 

How could I have let this happen? I could try complaining to Master, but he would tell me I should have remembered it was poker night and sucked his cock. The silk dress, while sexy as hell, would have provided adequate coverage. He was right. Poker happened every Thursday. I usually prepared snacks for it and it was our turn to host. Fuck! I had to try. 

I texted him immediately. <em>Call me as soon as you can, sir.</em> 

With Lisa's help, I started getting ready, putting lots of beer in the refrigerator, getting bottles of liquor down from the cupboard. We needed snack items, though, and I couldn't go out naked. 

"Can you do me a favor?" I asked. "I've got no snacks in the house and can't go out like this. Can you go to the store and buy some stuff? If you can't go, I can order stuff to be delivered, but I have to let the delivery man see me like this." I waved my hand up and down my bare body. 

"Sure, but it will cost you your help the next time I host." 

"Anything you need," I assured her. 

"What do you want?" Lisa asked. 

"A few cans of the Vienna sausages and crescent dinner rolls. I'll make pigs in a blanket. Some frozen meatballs and brown gravy mix, some chips, a bag of waffle potato chips with some onion dip and lime Doritos. They go well with beer. Some salsa too. I'm running low on vodka and I should have something sweet. Maybe buy a large coffee cake or two small ones. I'll pay you when you get back. Thanks a million." 

"See you in a few." She was gone. 

Five minutes after she left, Master called. 

He started by saying, "I assume you just remembered the poker game is at our house tonight?" 

"Yes, sir." 

"You know what you have to do." 

"Yes, Master. The secondary outfit is almost worse than being totally naked and do I have to do it in front of our friends?" 

"I gave you a pass on Sunday when my parents came over, and you've been a slave for a weeks and should know the fucking rules by now, so tough and yes. Plus, you'll be faced with another choice. It will be a difficult one." 

With several of our friends coming over, I could imagine quite a few things could happen. Nevertheless, I felt my pussy get wet again. 

"What will my choices be, Master?" 

"I haven't quite decided yet. I'll let you know when I get home." 

****** 

SCOTT 

This is where my choices started getting hairy. I'd promised my little sex slave the full gamut of sex slave experience. The only things outside our marriage so far was Julia with other women or letting the nerdy delivery driver finger fuck her. This had to be more provocative for her, but more provocative for her meant more emotionally risky for me. Baby steps, I thought; do baby steps. Don't jump in, both feet first. Dip a toe in to start, test the temperature of the water. Emotionally risky or not, I'd prefer Julia had sex with someone we knew then some total strangers. I slowly decided on a choice to give her, typed it up and left a space for her to sign it. Make it official. 

Jerry and I had presented our newest proposal to the Watkins after lunch. I presented a number of different options regarding the materials to box the steel support beam; four kinds of wood, marble, granite, copper, mirrors, even gold leaf. I said it couldn't quite be 3x3 because the steel beam was 3x3 and the other materials added some size, except perhaps the copper or gold leaf, which would be very thin, but in no case would it be more than 3 and a half inches wide. The engineer would be checking tomorrow to see what the other costs would amount to if they wanted to start all over again. Glenda and Web said they'd consider the choices we presented and let us know tomorrow morning if we needed the engineer. It meant I'd have to work at least a little on Friday, but hopefully not long. I was disappointed I wasn't fucking the hell out of my slave considering what could happen tonight. 

When I got home at 5:45, both Lisa and Julia were in the kitchen working. I could smell meatballs in the slow cooker and they were putting trays of pigs in a blanket in the oven to cook. I was pleased Julia had remained naked, despite Lisa's presence. It showed she was following my orders. Lisa looked up when I got home and looked at the time. 

"I've got to go shower and get ready for poker," Lisa said. "I'll see you both at seven." She ducked out the back door. 

Julia finished what she was doing, then knelt down on the floor. "Master, welcome home." 

"Good evening slave. I wrote up the choice you're facing tonight. I want you to read it and sign it, so there's no misunderstanding." I handed her the document. 

Julia read it out loud. "'The slave will be dressed in the clothes she's earned for the evening. She will wait on the card players, serving drinks and food as a white silk slave. The slave is available to be touched and caressed while she serves. When anyone wins a hand, the slave will provide two minutes of oral pleasure to the winner'. Why not just call it sucking the cock of the winner, Master?" 

"Are you forgetting Lisa plays with us. It won't all be cock." 

Julia's eyes grew wide and panicked. 

"Master, you'd make me lick my friends pussy?" 

"Whether or not you lick her pussy is entirely up to her. She still has the choice to reject your services. They all do." 

Good luck thinking any of the men would turn down having their cock sucked, but I wasn't sure about Lisa. Julia and Lisa were friends and I knew Lisa didn't exhibit signs of attraction to women. On the other hand, she did act like one of the guys and frequently did everything we did except stand up to use the toilet. 

She looked back at the list. "'The slave will be able to cum only when the person she's pleasuring cums.' I take that to mean I'll be wearing the Slave Trainer?" 

"Correct." 

Reading again, "'At the end of the game, the slaves full oral services will be auctioned off to the high bidder. She will be displayed for the purposes of the bidders inspection before the sale begins. She will provide said services to the winning bidder in front of everyone else.' This doesn't have the alternative choice. What's my alternative to serving as white silk slave?" 

"You'll be displayed on the St. Andrews cross with the Slave Trainer in you. You won't be allowed to cum until the end of the evening and everyone has left." 

JULIA 

This was the first truly terrible choice I faced. The one with Mistress Dark was relatively easy in comparison. I'd had enough experience to know I couldn't last a full day with the Slave Trainer, but Mistress Dark was a stranger and it was unlikely I'd see her again. I only had to overcome the thought of licking her cunt, and once that barrier was broken, the others had been easier. But they too were strangers, and any future contacts with them would be limited to none. 

These were all people I knew. They were my friends as well as Master's; Lisa my closest girl friend. I saw them all the time. Somehow, knowing them made it both better and worse. I could trust them not to hurt me or do anything to embarrass me after, but they didn't have to do anything to embarrass me. Just seeing them every time afterward, we'd both remember I'd sucked their cock or licked their cunt. They'd remember the naked little sex slave, not the wife of Scott. In effect, our relationships would change forever and I couldn't know if it would be for better or worse. 

This wasn't even taking into account my Master. They would all know they'd shared Scott's wife. What would it do to Master's relationship with all of them? Perhaps this was the test I wondered about. Was Master testing me to see what I would do? I wasn't sure if I could go four and a half hours without cumming. The Slave Trainer was diabolical in that regard. Trying to get through one meal had been bad enough; so bad Sharon recognized my anguish and arranged to let me cum. The whole evening would be torture. 

"Have you thought about what this might mean to our friendships with these people, sir?" 

"I have. I believe all of them can handle this as well as I can. I expect you'll have some feelings of humiliation and shame when you see them for some period of time after, but I did promise you a full slave experience and I trust my friends more than strangers." 

I was at a loss. To hang naked on the cross before everyone while sexually tormented or to engage in oral sex with our friends while my husband watched. In the end, my fear of the damage I might do to my marriage won out. 

"I'll choose the St. Andrews cross, Master." 

"Very well," he said. "You may finish what you were working on in the kitchen and I'll hook you up. Go put on your Slave Trainer." 

"You're going to start me now, sir?" I asked. 

"As soon as you remove the pigs from the oven. I have to get ready and I want you on display when the others arrive." 

"Yes, Master." Now it was more than four and a half, closer to five hours and maybe longer, depending on how long before the house was vacated after. They could linger to stare at a naked slave girl. Master was making my choice very difficult. 

I put on the Slave Trainer and Master turned it on as soon as it was inside of me, then he took a quick shower and put on his poker clothes, shorts and polo shirt. I'd removed the pigs in a blanket before his shower was over and waited for him to finish. He came into the living room and turned the bondage furniture around until the St. Andrews cross was facing where he'd set up the poker table. He fastened me to the cross, splayed out for everyone to see. He surprised me by putting a ball gag in my mouth after I was secured. 

"I don't want you making too much noise," he explained. "We are trying to play poker after all." He kissed me on the cheek. "You'll have until eight o'clock to change your mind and still serve as white silk. If you change your mind after eight, you'll be red silk and we'll auction off all three of your holes." 

I tried to mumble something, but the ball gag prevented any meaningful speech. 

"You chose this," he reminded me. "I'm giving you a full hour after the game starts to change your mind. I feel I'm being very generous in doing so. Just remember, eight PM or you are red silk." 

He started setting up the table and chairs, putting out cards and chips and coasters for the glasses. I was already in torment by the time Lisa arrived, first because she was closest. Of course, she already knew the circumstances of my sex slavery, so wasn't particularly surprised to see me naked, although she thought I'd go for the leather straps. She didn't know the other part of the deal and I couldn't tell her. 

She made note of the device in my cunt. "Is this the Slave Trainer you told me about?" I nodded yes. "Will you be allowed to cum?" I shook my head, no. "Poor girl." She patted my cheek and sat down, taking a seat so she was facing me. 

Jerry was the next to arrive. Jerry was Master's co-worker and second in command. He was running the business while Master was taking his staycation. Jerry is black, the same height as Master, with a ripped body and dreamy brown eyes. Jerry's brown eyes popped when he saw me. Master led him to me to take a closer look. 

"Julia has been reading all these erotic sex slave novels recently, and I gave her the opportunity to find out what being a sex slave is for real. It's what I've been doing on my vacation," Master said, "taking advantage of the opportunity to fully use my new slave." 

"Shit man. I'm sorrier than ever I had to get your help to deal with the Watkins. I wouldn't want to come to work either if this is what was waiting for me at home." 

Master played with one of my taut nipples, making it even harder. "Yeah, Glenda's a bitch. I couldn't help but think a little of this would do her some good. Touch if you want. Slave girls are made to be touched." 

Jerry laughed. He palmed my other breast, making me squirm. "I'm inclined to agree with you about Glenda," he said. "Lovely slave you have here." He thumbed my nipple, making me moan low in my throat. 

"I think she's the perfect sex slave," Master said. "I can't get enough of her. It's been like my honeymoon times two." 

Rob and Edward came to the door next. Both of them were white, twins who Master went to high school with. They usually rode together. They were both taller and broader than Master, who gave them both the same spiel about me and my current predicament. They both fondled my breasts together, mirror images of one another and another jolt of desire hit my pussy. 

The last one to arrive was Chen, a Chinese/American, just before seven. Master had met Chen when he took some General Contracting classes five years ago. Chen had his own electric, A/C and heating company and Master often used him for his A/C, heating and electrical work on his projects. He was the newest of Master's friends in the group. When Master extended him the same invitation as the others, he suckled on one of my nipples, and of course, the others had to do the same. I almost climaxed from the attention my nipples received, which I would have welcomed at that point. Every one of them was single and had no one to answer to. 

Lisa prevented my release by saying, "We're here to play poker, boys, not play with the pretty slave." Damn her. 

They all sat down. There was a mirror on the wall that allowed Master to keep an eye on me. Every time one of the gentleman folded, they usually watched me or even got up to play with parts of me. Only the Slave Trainer in my pussy kept them from playing with that. The lack of concentration on the parts of the four guys allowed Master and Lisa to win more often than the others. I wondered if it was why Master faced away from me, or if he wanted to allow the others the best view. Their constant attention on my naked body in addition to the incessant arousal afforded by the Slave Trainer kept me on edge. I knew fluids were running from my pussy down my legs. I could feel them sliding down farther and farther as my cunt fed more and more liquid to them. 

I realized about a half hour after they started playing I wasn't going to make it the rest of the night. I was too aroused and needed to cum too much. I tried to attract Master's attention, but the ball gag in my mouth was muffling the sounds I tried to make over their conversation. How was I supposed to concede my defeat if I couldn't speak. The minutes ticked off and it got closer and closer to eight. If I needed to give up, I needed to do so before eight or I'd be red silk, with no part of me off limits. Around seven minutes to go, I started a muffled screaming and shaking the cross I was attached to. Three minutes passed before Lisa noticed me struggling to get Master's attention. 

"Scott, I think your slave needs something. Does she need to use the restroom?" Lisa asked. 

Master turned to look at me. My eyes pleaded with him. He looked at the clock, less than four minutes remained. 

"I don't think that's it," Master replied. "I think my slave just changed her mind about something." 

I nodded my head frantically. He got up and removed my ball gag. "Master," I panted, "I'll serve as your white silk slave." 

"Are you sure?" Master asked. 

"Yes, sir. I'm sure." 

"I'm going to whip you first," he said, "twenty strokes to the front of your body. Keep count." 

"Yes, Master." I agreed with alacrity. 

He got the whip and proceeded to apply twenty strokes to the front of my body. I kept count with each of the strokes. He actually went rather easy on me. He'd whipped me harder previously. Lisa knew I'd been whipped before, so she wasn't surprised to see it happening in front of her, but she was interested in my reactions. I didn't cry out, although I flinched through the last four of them on my breasts. The four men were pretty astonished to see Master whipping me and Jerry started to get up, but Lisa put a hand on his arm and stopped him. 

"It's okay," she said. "It's part of her slave agreement. She knew it would happen before she agreed to be his sex slave and he's done it to her before now." He sat back down. 

Master finished and he released me from the cross and I knelt down at his feet and unzipped his shorts, reaching in to release his cock. Master was hard as a rock. I was aware of ten other eyes on me as I applied myself to his cock and in less than five minutes he was cumming down my throat. I swallowed every drop. I put his cock away when I was done. 

"You may put on your alternate outfit now. You'll see you have an addition to it since you are white silk." 

I went into the bedroom and found he'd added a sheer white g-string to the leather straps. White silk slaves privates were off limits. I still had to wear the Slave Trainer, but the g-string was large enough to accommodate the bulk of the device. It took me a few minutes to figure out the leather straps, put it on and adjust it so it fit the way it was supposed to. When I returned, everyone had resumed playing poker. I approached Master and knelt at his feet. He handed me the paper he'd typed up and made me sign it for him, folding it up and putting it in one of his back pockets. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"Ladies and gentlemen, there has been a change to this evenings game. Julia has agreed to serve as white silk slave to all of us for the balance of the evening." 

"What's that mean?" Chen asked. "White silk." 

"It means she may use her mouth to pleasure you. Below her waist is off limits. What she will do for the rest of the evening is serve food and drinks and orally pleasure the winner of each hand for two minutes; no more or we won't get any poker played. As she's serving, you're more than welcome to caress any part of the slave above her waist. We'll stop tonight at 11:15, and the slave will be displayed for sale. At 11:30 you may bid on the slave for her oral services through orgasm. You may use your poker winnings, and only your poker winnings, to bid on the full oral services of this slave." 

"Shit!" Edward said, "you and Lisa took most of our money while your slave was squirming on the cross. It was the perfect distraction. I'll be lucky if I'm not broke by nine." 

Edward was right. Master was a very good poker player and he had a large advantage for the first hour of the evening. He could outbid anyone. Perhaps I'd only have to fully serve his cock once more. Master quickly dashed my hopes. 

"I won't be bidding in any case," he said. "It's between the five of you. I can use the slave anytime I want as her owner." 

"Don't you mean four?" Rob said. 

"No. Lisa's in this. If she wants my slave to lick her cunt to orgasm, she can bid as well. The only stipulation is my slave will perform this service in front of everyone else still here at the end of the night, whether it's your cocks or Lisa's cunt. None of you has to participate," he said. "It's entirely up to you if you want to do this. I only ask you make the decision now and not change your mind later." 

"I have one other question," Edward said. "Do you or the slave keep the money we bid on her services? Otherwise, it's just another way to take our money." 

Master said. "Taking money for sex would make her a whore and me a pimp. No, all we ask is you agree to donate the sum you bid to a charity of the slaves choice. You have to provide a receipt or you'll never be allowed to bid again. What charity would you like the donation to go to, slave." 

I didn't know this was going to happen and had no idea who to name. I thought for a few moments and said, "The American Red Cross." 

"A worthy cause," Master said. "Any other questions?" 

No one said anything else. 

"In or out, Jerry?" Master asked. 

"Get a blow job from this delectable slave. I'm in." 

"Rob?" Master asked. "Count me in," Rob said. 

"Edward?" Edward nodded yes. 

"Chen?" "Wouldn't miss it for the world." 

"Lisa?" I listened with bated breath. Would I have to lick my friends cunt? 

"I'm in too," Lisa said. I lowered my eyes. I would be serving everyone. 

"Put your game faces on," Master said. "I have only one other request. This slave only gets to cum if you cum, so please tell me if you orgasm so I can let her have her climax." 

"No problem." "Sure." "Wouldn't want her to suffer." "You bet." The chorus of responses. 

"Slave, take everyone's orders and begin serving food and beverages. As soon as she gets your orders, Rob, it's your deal." 

I took everyone's order and as I moved around the table, a lot of hands touched and caressed me, although all hands remained above the waist. I was a lowly slave who's body didn't belong to her. They would all use me as they wanted to, and my cunt grew squishier at the thought. 

Rob started dealing while I went to fill everyone's order. I came back with everyone's order and served them. Master won the first hand after the deal and I sucked his cock again. He wasn't hard this time, having just cum and his watch timer went off when his time was up. He was going to be scrupulously fair, I was sure. 

Edward won the next hand. His would be the first cock I'd ever sucked except Master's since our marriage. Edward wasn't quite as long as Master, but he was thicker. He was already hard in anticipation. It was difficult to get all of him in my mouth, though I managed. He won the third deal too, and so I continued working his cock. I suspected he was close to cumming before I stopped. 

Jerry won the next hand. He was hard as well, slightly bigger around than Master and about the same length. I could get all of him down easier than Edward. His was the first black cock I've ever sucked. His pubic hairs were tighter and curlier than Master's and Edwards, though shorter. 

Lisa won next. She wasn't prepared for this, wearing jeans and panties. In order to lick her, I'd have to pull her pants down, which was not something she wanted to do in front of the others. She called a quick time out so I could lend her a dress. In the bedroom, she stripped off her jeans and panties and put on one of my skirts, leaving herself bare on the bottom. 

"I'm sorry," she said. "I had to participate. I have to know what it's like." 

"I'm a slave subject to use by anyone," I said. "If our positions were reversed, I would have done the same," I replied, my head down. Would I have? 

We returned to the table and by going under the skirt between her legs, was able to caress her with my tongue for two minutes before Master called time. Lisa held my head while I licked her. She seemed to enjoy my services. It took a few moments after Master's chime went off before she released my head. 

By now, I had kind of determined it took four to six minutes for a hand to be played, depending on the game, always dealer's choice. The two minutes allowed for me took longer than two. I had to crawl under the table, find a zipper, extract a cock, suck and put it back. Roughly, it meant I would be sucking cocks or licking cunts seven to eight times per hour. Starting at eight and playing until after eleven meant I'd be doing this twenty-one to twenty-six times, unless they took breaks. And by this time, no one cared if I were serving food and drink. They got their own food and beverages while someone was dealing or they'd folded. 

Chen won the next hand, pumping his fist when he laid down his trip Kings. His cock was a respectable six inches long, though the thinnest so far. I had no problem taking all of him down and was easily deep throating him. I realized I might as well stay beneath the table. Crawling under and out again was too hard and everyone was too impatient. Chen won for the second straight time and I started sucking him again. Master called time and I started lifting off his cock when he suddenly groaned, "I'm cumming," and the first couple spurts of his sperm shot all over my face. I quickly covered his cock again to keep the rest from joining the mess on face, sucking him dry. Master ended the override and I climaxed myself, for the first time today. 

"May I please have a napkin, Master," I said. 

Master passed me a napkin and I wiped off my face, although I still had some in my hair. It would take a shower to fully clean myself off. Master won again and this time, he had half an erection as I sucked his cock. Lisa won again and I could hear Rob cursing his luck as she parted her legs and welcomed me to her cunt. I made her moan this time. She was apparently as aroused as the others by the shameless acts of an obedient sex slave. 

The next winner was Jerry again. The constant practice made it easier to get him down the second time. 

"Has she always been able to deep throat?" Jerry groaned as I caressed his balls while bobbing up and down on his mast. 

"No. It was part of her training as a sex slave," Master replied. "She only learned this past Saturday. Time." 

I stopped. "Christ she does that for two more minutes, I'll blow a monster load down her throat," Jerry said. 

"It's your deal. Deal the cards and we'll find out if you're right." 

Jerry didn't win; Rob did. He leaped up from his chair exclaiming, "about time," as he lowered his zipper. He remained standing instead of sitting down and I was conscious of Master watching me swallow his thick prick as he stood there with his meat dangling out. Rob was the twin of his brother in this department too, wide, but not as long as Master. It strained my jaw to get all the way around him. He held my head as I bobbed back and forth on his prick. He didn't force himself down my throat, but he tended to hold my head down longer than was strictly comfortable. When Master called time, Rob sat down with his cock still out. 

Chen won the next deal. As soon as my mouth wrapped around his cock, he was hard again and considering he was the only one of the men to cum, and rather recently at that, I wondered if it was abnormal stamina or he hadn't had sex in awhile. When I finished my two minutes with him, I leaned back, glancing at Master, wondering what his face would tell me. He seemed calm and unaffected by his wife sucking other men's dicks, but I couldn't be sure. His ability to hide his emotions is one of the things that made him a good poker player. Chen left his cock out too, blowing in the wind. It was going to speed up the game as digging in the men's pants for their shaft and tucking it back after took too long. 

I was craving another orgasm, so when Lisa won again, I did my best to make her cum, but she wasn't ready, no matter how hard I tried. Rob won for the second time and he stood up again so I wouldn't be hidden under the table. This time, he climaxed, flooding my mouth with his salty cum. The quantity was so much I couldn't swallow it all around his thick dick and it leaked out around my mouth to drip on my chest. Another orgasm swept through me, Master letting me have another for making Rob cum. I was moaning around Rob's cock as I swallowed the last of his cum. I still had my napkin, so tidied up afterward, drinking some of Lisa's beer to wash it down. 

"Tastes pretty good, doesn't it?" Rob said. 

"Too salty, sir," I replied. "You might need to reduce the sodium in your diet." Rob laughed, so I hadn't offended him. The others laughed as well. I glanced at Master. He was laughing, and his laughter didn't appear to be forced. 

Edward finally won again and the orgasm he'd been close to before when I sucked him, was unleashed now. His surge of cum was as prodigious as his brother's and once again, my mouth filled to overflowing and leaked out around my lips. Master was still letting me cum for Rob's orgasm. The one for Edward swept through me quickly, following quickly on the remnants of the first. 

"You're a damn fine cock sucker, aren't you slave?" 

"I do my best, sir," I replied, wiping more cum off my breasts and chin. 

Master won again. He was fully hard when I sucked him this time. At least what I was doing wasn't affecting his ability to feel arousal. He patted my head when he called time. I hoped it meant he was not holding me responsible for my choice. 

Lisa was the next person to win a hand. I could smell her arousal as soon as my head went between her legs. The carnal scenes playing out around her and my previous attempts at licking her having done their job. Since my head was under my dress, I used two fingers to probe her cunt while I licked her clit. Within thirty seconds, she slid to the front of her chair, moaning. 

"Fuck, I'm cumming! Oh, God! Oh, God! That's incredible. Don't stop. Don't fucking stop!" Her voice rising in pitch with each word. Master unleashed the Slave Trainer and my orgasm started before hers concluded and I moaned into her cunt as I climaxed. Master called time. I withdrew from between Lisa's legs. 

"Fuck," Jerry exclaimed. "That's got to be the most erotic fucking thing I've ever witnessed. Let me see your face." 

I turned towards him and he saw Lisa's cum smeared all over my face from the tip of my nose to my chin. 

"Oh, fuck! Look at her face. Did you see the way the dress moved up and down from her head as she licked Lisa's cunt. Deal the fucking cards, Chen. I'm the only one who hasn't cum yet and if I don't cum soon, I'm going to bust a nut." 

I raised the napkin to wipe my face and Jerry put a hand on mine to stop it. "Don't wipe it off," he said. "Leave it on. You look so incredibly sexy with Lisa's cum on your face." 

I looked at Master. He said, "Leave it on." I lowered my hand. 

Jerry didn't win the next hand. Edward, Lisa, Rob, Edward and Chen won the next five hands, Chen the only one to cum again. Jerry seemed to be playing more recklessly each time he lost. He lost about half his chips in the process. On the next hand, he seemed even more rash, upping the bet every time it passed to him. Finally, Jerry went all in. Rob and Lisa bowed out, but Chen believed Jerry was bluffing, desperate to win a hand and finally cum. He went all in as well. Chen put down a heart flush, Jerry showed four treys. Jerry had his cock out before I reached him, the only one of them with his cock still in his pants it had been so long. 

Jerry cupped my chin before I started, making me look at him. "I want you to stare at my face the whole time you're sucking my cock. I'd like your hands to cup my balls while you suck. Do you understand, slave?" 

"Yes, sir." 

"Good. Get started." 

I reached into his jeans and cradled his nut sack while gazing into his face as his black shaft disappeared between my lips. 

"Yeah, baby. That's it. Take all of my cock down that sweet throat of yours. You like that brown sugar, baby? That's it. I'm going to flood your mouth with my cum, slave. Suck. Suck it. It's coming now, sweetness. It's coming." 

I could tell he was correct. His egg sized balls were climbing, his cock started twitching and an explosion of cum spurted from the tip of his cock. His eyes closed as wave after wave of sperm spewed from his prick, surging with each thrust of his hips. It was the most cum I'd swallowed tonight. Since he wasn't quite as wide as Rob and Edward, it was easier to swallow, yet due to the amount, some still overflowed my mouth. Master let me cum again, and I shivered through the throes of my climax as he pumped the last of his white cream down my throat. 

Jerry opened his eyes and looked at me. "That has got to be the best damned blow job I ever had." He saw his cum on my face where it leaked from my mouth. "Leave my cum on your face too." I nodded. 

"Master, your slave has swallowed a lot of cum. May she please take a ten minute break and have a drink?" 

"Good idea," Master said. "Anyone needing to use the bathroom; now's the time to do it." 

All the chairs backed from the table and five people scattered to one of our three bathrooms. Master helped me off my knees. 

"Master," I whispered, "please tell me I haven't hurt you by choosing as I did?" 

****** 

SCOTT 

How did I feel? It hadn't been great watching Julia suck everyone's cock. She'd made everyone else in the game cum, Chen twice. I hadn't yet, not for lack of her trying, but I'd cum before everyone else, when she earned her leather harness. Lisa hadn't bothered me any. However, every time she wrapped her luscious lips around another cock, I'd felt it, deep in the pit of my stomach. I'd seen Julia glance at me several times, a slightly worried look on her face and knew she was concerned for me. We walked into the kitchen and I asked her what she wanted and she requested bourbon, on the rocks. I poured her the drink as I considered what I wanted to say. She took a drink, swallowing half of it. 

"I'm not angry at you," I said. "I placed you in the position to choose. I told you I wouldn't hold you responsible." 

"I was still the one who chose, Master. I chose sex with others over my own sexual torment." 

"And I knew how bad that torment would be. You've worn the Slave Trainer often enough under orgasm denial. I knew how badly you need to cum when wearing it. It helped you overcome your distaste of swallowing, which I thought would be nigh impossible. Every time you've been faced with the Slave Trainer and orgasm denial, you've chosen the alternative. You chose to learn to lick cunt, to seduce a shopkeeper over being denied the ability to orgasm. I knew you wished you didn't have to pleasure our friends. But even licking Lisa's cunt didn't stop you from agreeing. Why would I expect today be any different?" 

"Because it meant more to you. I'm sorry, Master. Maybe I should have been stronger for you." 

"Don't be sorry. I'm not sorry. I promised you a true sex slave experience and I'm glad you're enjoying it." 

"Not as much as I would if I knew you were enjoying it more. We can stop, Master. You can say 'Omega' and this will all be over." 

"Do you want to stop, slave? Do you want to say 'Omega'?" 

"The past week has been the most sexually rewarding and fulfilling of my life," Julia said. "I'd prefer to keep going, but not to the risk of our marriage. Even if it's only us continuing, I'd be fine with it. I don't need sex with others to enjoy my time as a slave. Last night, I had the most powerful orgasm of my life and it was only you and I. No one else was involved. Just my Master and his slave." 

"Do you feel our marriage will be harmed if we continue?" I asked. 

"Not on my part, sir. I will always love you above all others. The fact you would care to allow me to live my fantasies makes you precious beyond belief. Who else in all the world would love me so much, he would gift me this? Above even his own feelings for me?" 

Isn't that what made involving anyone else in your sex life dangerous? Wondering if somehow your spouse or lover would find someone else more attractive than you, a better lover, a superior companion? I had no reason to doubt or suspect Julia's honesty regarding this. I felt our marriage was strong. She apparently did as well. 

"Why did you put the ball gag in me and let me come close to being a red silk slave?" Julia asked. 

"To be honest; I was trying to put off the start of the game, give me a little more time to work up to seeing you with other people. I wouldn't have let you become red silk unless you wanted to. I did want to make you sweat a little." 

"So, what do you want to do, Master?" 

"Let's continue as we are for now," I said. "We can talk about this more later. You should change Slave Trainers. This one should be close to dead." 

"As you wish, Master." She left the room. 

Everyone else returned before Julia came back and knelt down at my side. We all sat down. Rob said, "Time to play some poker and get some cock sucked. What are you waiting for?" 

"I don't have a cock," Lisa said, "and I fully intend to buy myself a slave at the end of the evening, so ante up and let's play." 

"I smell a challenge," Jerry said. "If anyone else but you wins the slave tonight, I get to fuck you." 

"No, no," Lisa said. "That's no bet. Not five against one. You against me, Jerry. If you win the slave, you fuck me first and the slave can suck our cum off your dick. But if I win, I want you to rim my ass while the slave licks my cunt." 

"Take the bet, Jerry," Edward said. "If you don't, I will." 

"Deal," Jerry said. "I'll take that bet." 

"I was going to go home, since Jerry knocked me out of the game," Chen said, "but I'm going to have to stay for this." 

"Rob, it's your deal," Master said. "We've got a bet." 

They started to play again. Rob and Edward won the first two hands. I could see that sucking one of their cocks was pretty much like sucking the other one. I won the next two hands and my slave finally made me cum during the game. As soon as I started to cum, I removed the override and my slave orgasmed shortly after I did, her lovely moans filling the room. 

Lisa finally won another hand. My slave went under her dress and licked her for the next two minutes. Lisa didn't cum, but she was clearly enjoying herself. I had to admit, I was a little surprised Lisa had joined in reindeer games. She was Julia's best friend. On the other hand, I was her husband and I'd put her in this situation because this is what I thought Julia wanted. Maybe Lisa thought her participation was something Julia would appreciate, because she was a friend. I won again. Nothing much for my love to get this time around; I couldn't get fully hard during her two minutes. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
Jerry won another round. Julia did her best to make him cum again, but it was too soon. I called time. The next hand, Lisa had the better hand and Julia made her cum again, allowing Julia to climax once more. Jerry made her look at him again so he could see Lisa's cum spread all over the bottom of her face. He got a look in his eye again. When he went all in the next time, nobody took the bait. Everyone folded and Julia got Jerry to cum this time, not as messy as the first time, but Julia still had trouble swallowing it all. Once again she moaned around Jerry's cock as she spasmed during her own orgasm. 

It was getting late, around 10:45 and we only had a half hour left to pay. Both Lisa and I had done pretty well the first hour when the other guys were paying far too much attention to my slave than their cards. When Jerry cleaned Chen out, it gave him a fairly substantial pile, larger than the pile in front of Lisa and I thought Lisa was going to end up fucking Jerry. Jerry thought so too. He started waving his cock around and asking Lisa if she was ready for some lovin' cause he was going to fuck her shit good. From what I could see, Lisa wasn't bothered at all by his comments. From what Julia had said, she might even appreciate a good fucking. She took the ribbing with her usual good nature. Jerry spoke too soon though, tempting fate. He had a real good hand and got into a bidding war with Rob. Rob had the better hand and took a sizable chunk of chips from Jerry. His lead was substantially reduced. 

"Scott," Rob asked. "I surely do love the way your slave sucks cock and swallows a load, but I've wanted to cum on a woman's face as long as I remember. Would you have any particular objection to my giving her a facial?" 

"Are you sure you're going to cum?" I asked. 

"This evening's activities have had my pecker hard all night long. I have no doubt I'll squirt like a fire hose. I'll toss in fifty of my own winnings to the winning bid tonight if she wears my cum to the end of the game." 

Julia had already taken some of Chen's load on her face when he started spurting when she was quitting. She'd taken it rather calmly on the whole. She'd finished him off in her mouth and calmly wiped her face afterward. She'd already swallowed eight loads of man juice tonight and might appreciate not having to swallow another. Since I was going to make her wear his cum for the next fifteen to twenty minutes, I canceled her orgasm restriction. She started cumming almost immediately. 

"I have no objection," I said. 

Julia started attacking Rob's cock while she was cumming and within half a minute he pulled out of her mouth and started hosing her face with another large load of his sperm. The first four or five squirts blasted onto her face. The last couple he squeezed out and rubbed anywhere on her face she had a bare spot. Between Lisa's cum and Rob's, her face looked like a glazed doughnut. Julia's eyes were closed so she couldn't see. Rob was kind enough to help her up and give her his chair. He bowed out of the last hand and stood behind her caressing her breasts, a big grin on his face. 

Jerry couldn't take his eyes off Julia and it affected his game the last hand. I took some more money off him. His pile of chips and Lisa's looked pretty even now. 

I told everyone to count their chips while I got a clean dish towel from the kitchen and wet it down. I went in and wiped Julia's face. There wasn't much I could do for the spots of cum in her hair, but I pretty much took care of everything else. Her face clean, I led her to the bondage furniture, clipped her wrists together and secured them above her head. 

"I'm going to sell your services like a common slave," I whispered. "You will do your utmost best for whoever bids most for your services. Your override is turned off. You're welcome to cum as much as you like." 

"I understand, sir." I kissed her and pinched her nipple. She whimpered. 

"Gentlemen and Lady; gather round. You're invited to inspect this white silk slave whose services are about to go on sale. Only her services from the waist up. Even you Chen. You won't be bidding, but feel free to inspect the lovely slave whose services you've missed out on." 

All of our friends circled Julia and started caressing, petting and kissing her all over. Lisa was sucking one of her nipples, Edward the other. Chen was kissing one side of her neck and Jerry the other. Rob was kissing her lips, through which her gasps of pleasure could still be heard. I let them play with her for ten minutes and I heard her have two orgasms during that time, the Slave Trainer still stimulating her pussy. 

"Who will start the bidding?" I asked. 

"One question, Scott, before we bid," Lisa said. 

"What's that?" 

"How long do you think it would take for your slave to make you cum?" 

"Fifteen minutes at least. It wasn't that long ago I orgasmed," I replied. 

"How about you Rob?" 

"About the same, maybe even a little longer. Why do you ask?" 

"Because, unlike you gentlemen, I'm more likely to cum faster than that. Rather than requiring more time between climaxes, I need less once I've started cumming. So essentially, with the possible exception of Edward, who's only cum once tonight; you're bidding for fifteen or more minutes of oral pleasure. I know I'll cum within five, tops. I want my cunt licked for fifteen minutes no matter how much I cum. Since I'm also seeking to have Jerry lick my ass, I don't want him to be able to stop for fifteen minutes, unless he's willing to stop fucking me after I've cum, regardless of whether he's cum or not. Does all this make sense to you?" 

"I agree," I said. "In fact, I'll make that a proviso to the sale. The slave will orally satisfy whoever wins her services for at least fifteen minutes whether or not you cum, or until you cum if it takes longer than fifteen. The rim job and fucking are between you two as a side bet and I'm staying out of it." 

"What about it, Jerry?" Lisa asked, "Minimum of fifteen minutes of rimming by you or you stop fucking me as soon as I cum. Your choice." 

"Well, I definitely want to plant my seed in that nice cunt of yours, so I'll offer up fifteen minutes." 

"We have a deal," Lisa said. "Start the bidding." 

Edward said, "I only have $78 dollars left. I'll bid it all for your slave." 

"Eighty dollars," Jerry said. 

"Eighty-five," Lisa replied. 

"You're already too rich for me," Rob said. "I already have to give $50 for my facial, so only have $46 left after that." 

"Ninety," Jerry said. 

"Come on, Jerry. You're bidding to fuck me too, you cheapskate," Lisa said. "Two hundred." 

"Two fifty," Jerry responded. 

"Three hundred," Lisa said. She took off her shirt, then her bra. "Aren't I worth it?" 

"Holy shit!" Chen said. "Am I ever glad I stayed." 

I had to agree. I'd never seen Lisa naked before, just in a bikini when she was swimming at our pool. She had nice firm B to C size cups and right now her nipples were hard. Jerry was staring hard. He had a chance to fuck her, then get sucked off by my wife. Seeing his hesitation, Lisa shed the skirt as well, standing there naked in front of all of us. Her pubic hair was trimmed to a small landing strip and I didn't see more than an ounce of fat anywhere on her. 

"Fuck it," Jerry said. "I'm all in. 323 dollars. That's all I've got." 

"Too bad, Jerry. I've got $325 here that says you're rimming my ass tonight. I was kind of looking forward to your magic wand, but I love a good rim job too. Better luck next time. At least you get to keep your dough." 

Handing me her chips, Lisa said, "We can skip the middle man. Just send in a check for $325 in Julia's name." Rob handed me $50 in chips as well. "Same here." 

Lisa went up to my slave and kissed her. "I want you to make me feel good tonight, slave. I want nothing but the best. Do you understand?" 

"Yes, Mistress," Julia replied. 

Lisa released her from the hook. Turning to me, she said, "Scott, I don't believe all three of us can fit on your couch and the floors too damned uncomfortable, so I'm requesting we adjourn to your bedroom." 

"Be my guest," I said. 

Taking Julia's hand, Lisa led her into our bedroom. She got on the bed on her side and raised her top leg, holding it straight off the bed. "You get right here, slave," pointing to her crotch. She slapped her bottom. "Jerry, you've got tails." Jerry crawled onto the bed behind her. 

I waited until both of them were in position before calling the start. Give Jerry credit. He was no slacker. He spread Lisa's buns with his hands and attacked her star with his tongue on the echo. My slave had learned well at the cunt of Mistress Dark and was doing her damndest on Lisa's front. Lisa was moaning in seconds, and cumming in minutes. Throughout, she kept her leg extended to give her two partners the greatest access to her crotch, though it wavered every time she climaxed. The rest of us could only watch in amazement as Lisa went through a series of orgasms, quietly whimpering and body trembling through each one. Every one of the rest of us had his cock out and was stroking it as we watched. 

Chen was the first to cum, sending a stream onto the bed and over my slave. Edward wasn't far behind. Rob and I took longer, having orgasmed more recently, but we still both climaxed before the fifteen minute timer expired, and I'm afraid it wasn't only my slave who got some on her. Lisa took some too, some of it coming perilously close to Jerry's head, which I'm sure he wouldn't have accepted with much grace. 

When the timer went off, Jerry got off the bed, but Lisa continued holding my slave's mouth against her cunt saying, "So close, just one more, baby, one more," and Julia obliged her. It only took an additional minute for Lisa to have her last climax. When her final spasm died, Lisa sprawled back on the bed, legs spread wide. 

"God, I needed that," Lisa said. "Jerry, you do good work back there. You ever want to do it again, let me know." 

"Thanks, but I'm good," Jerry said. "I'll take the front next time though." 

"If you can work my cunt like you worked my ass, I might take you up on that." 

"Uh, Scott," Edward said. "We just took a vote. We voted that all poker games henceforth be held at your house while you've still got a slave. We'll take turns paying for the booze and snacks, but nobody else has the ambience you have here." 

"I didn't vote." 

"Yeah, but except for you, it was a unanimous yea, so your vote didn't count anyway. You were outvoted before we started." 

"My slaves services may not be so readily for sale every time." 

"Doesn't matter. Just seeing her naked is worth the drive time." 

I laughed. "Naked does seem to be her normal attire around here." 

"Scott," Lisa said. "Your slave and I need to use your shower. You boys were rude enough to spray your spunk all over us. It's disgusting. I'll help you change your sheets afterward. Send the boys home. They've had enough of a show for one night." 

Lisa took Julia's hand and led her into the bathroom. I heard the water go on and would have died to know what was going on in there. I paid everyone else their chips in money, Chen going back empty handed but everyone else with a few shekels in their pockets. 

"Great night, Scott. Best poker game ever in the history of poker games," Edward said. "Ditto," Rob said. "I look forward to next week," Chen added. They left. 

"Scott, I'm forever in your debt," Jerry said. "That was totally unexpected and an unimagined thrill. No joke. I don't know how you did it. You take care and I'll see you in the morning. The Watkins, yeah." 

"The Watkins," I sighed. "They're fucking up a truly great vacation." 

"I hear you, man. Now I know why you wanted the time off; maybe you can take a couple days off next week in recompense. I'll help you out all I can." 

"Thanks, Jerry. I appreciate that." 

"I envy you, man." He patted me on the arm and left. 

I went back to the bedroom. Hearing the shower running, I left them alone. I stripped the sheets off the bed and put everything in the laundry basket and got replacement sheets from the linen closet. Lisa came out of the bathroom nude, drying herself off. The shower was still running, so Julia was probably washing her hair to get the cum out of it. 

"Let me help you make the bed," Lisa said. She dropped her towel and started working on the other side. 

I stood there like a dummy, watching her. Seeing she was the only one working, she looked up at me. She noticed where my eyes were looking, and it certainly wasn't the bed. 

"Snap out of it, Rivers. You've already seen me naked while your wife licked my cunt. Nothing's changed in the last ten minutes except I'm cleaner." 

"You look great," I said. "I still don't know why your husband started screwing around." 

"I don't know the answer to that question. Maybe one of us should have put the other in bondage. Take your side." 

We finished making the bed and Lisa started getting dressed in the clothes she abandoned when she put on Julia's skirt. Lisa's bra and shirt were still in the living room where Lisa left them after stripping out there. Julia came out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around her head, drying herself off. 

Lisa said, "Display," and Julia snapped into the position. Lisa walked around Julia trailing her hand all over her. Julia's nipples got hard again. Lisa shoved two fingers into Julia's cunt while kissing her, Julia moaning when she did. 

"Still wet." She held them up to Julia's mouth to be cleaned. "When she pulled the Slave Trainer out of her cunt, the pussy probe had so much cum on it, you couldn't see the original color. How many times did you cum tonight, slave?" 

"Once each time everyone else orgasmed during the game. Several more times after Master lifted the override, Mistress." 

"Sex position, slave," Lisa ordered and Julia dropped into the sex position, her legs parted, ass up, head down and arms crossed. 

Lisa pushed another finger into my slave's pussy, then trailed the finger over Julia's back door. Julia shivered. 

"If you don't take advantage of your fine slave after I've left and fuck the hell out of her, you're not the animal I think you are." 

"Oh, I fully intend on using my slave hard after you leave. When did you learn the slave commands?" 

"Julia wanted to practice before her slavery started, to make sure she did it right. She showed me the positions and told me the commands and we spent about twenty or thirty minutes going over everything over and over." 

"Was my slave naked at the time?" Wondering if there had been something between them before tonight. 

"No, mores the pity. If I'd known how much fun it would be. I might have enjoyed it more. Of course, she still wasn't a slave yet and hadn't learned to lick cunt so exquisitely." 

"Why did you participate tonight? I was a little surprised you did, you being besties and all." 

"I've never been with another woman and I was curious. Who better to show me than a well trained sex slave." 

"Strictly speaking, you still haven't been with another woman. All she did was what any man could have done." 

Lisa patted Julia's ass. "True, but your slave did it much better than any man who's ever licked me. Perhaps I'll save the rest for another day. She's still got another two weeks of slavery." Julia shivered again. "Kneel, slave." 

Julia got into her kneeling position and Lisa squatted down in front of her. Holding Julia's face so she was looking into her eyes, she asked, "Would you like me to lick your slutty slave cunt some day?" 

"Yes, Mistress." 

"I'll be by to speak with you in the morning." 

"Yes, Mistress." 

I thought I needed to nip this in the bud. Julia was my slave, not Lisa's. When I was gone at work all day, I didn't want her here using my slave. 

"I'd prefer you not give orders to my slave while I'm away." 

Lisa looked at me. "What's the matter, Scott? You want to watch?" 

Hell, yes, I wanted to watch. That wasn't the point. "Let's just say I don't want you to tire her out when she needs to pleasure me when I come home. Watching is a secondary benefit." 

Lisa stood up, laughing. She came over and kissed me, plastering her lovely naked breasts against me as she did. "Let's just say our conversation has nothing to do with her slavery. Strictly girl talk. I promise not to take advantage of her while you're away. Great poker game, Scott. I'll talk to you later." 

Putting on the rest of her clothes in the living room, Lisa left. I locked the door behind her. I returned to the bedroom, turning out lights along the way. Clean up could occur tomorrow when I was at work. My slave remained kneeling. No one had given her any other command. Removing my clothes, I ordered her to get me hard again. It didn't take her long. She was a well trained sex slave. 

"Sex Position, on the bed," I ordered. Julia scrambled to obey, her lovely nether regions pointed at me. Her cunt was still wet. I could see her moisture glistening on her pubic lips. I got behind her and easily slid into her cunt. Julia moaned again. 

"You can cum as often as you like, slave." 

"Yes, Master." 

It was late and I was tired, but there are still limits. My slave orgasmed four times as I pounded her hard, before I squirted what little juice remained into her tight cunt. I removed the towel from her head. Her hair was mostly dry with just a hint of dampness. I cuddled against her in the darkened room. 

"Did you have a good evening, slave?" 

"Yes, Master. A very good evening." 

"Would you like to do it again next week?" 

"With your permission, sir. If it doesn't hurt you too much." 

"I tolerated it better than I thought I would. Despite my inward trepidation, it was very arousing seeing my slave with another cock in her mouth. You were made for sucking cock, or licking cunt for that matter. How did you feel licking Lisa's pussy?" 

"A slave does as she's told, Master. She has no choice in the matter." 

"She still has an opinion. Did you enjoy licking Lisa's cunt?" 

"Yes, Master. It aroused me. Everything aroused me. Sucking everyone's cock, licking Lisa's cunt, serving naked, being inspected and sold to the highest bidder. Your slave was aroused by everything. It's like my fantasies, made real." 

"What did you and Lisa do in the shower?" I asked. 

"We washed each other, made sure we got all the cum off. It was nice, sir, but she wasn't trying to use me. It was more businesslike." 

"Do you know what she wants to talk to you about tomorrow?" 

"No, Master. No clue. Perhaps she just wishes to speak with me, see how I'm doing." 

"I'd be interested to be a fly on the wall for that conversation." 

"All you have to do is ask, Master. I won't betray a specific confidence, but I'll be happy to tell you anything else." 

My slave fell asleep quickly, and I wasn't far behind her, but I did wonder as I fell asleep. 

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 09|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-09|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<em>Julia learns her friend wishes to join. Scott is willing to consider her participation under certain conditions. In the process of Lisa's training, they visit a BDSM club. This chapter contains scenes of oral sex, lesbian sex, intercourse, bondage, discipline, double penetration and spankings. STD's don't exist in this fantasy world.</em> 

<strong>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 9 - Lisa Wants to Join</strong> 

JULIA 

I'd learned my lesson yesterday. No matter how late I'd stayed up or how tired I was, when Master got up, he was getting a blow job. Even if I dragged the rest of the day, it was better than not being prepared for whatever happened. So when Master got up in the morning for work, I sucked his cock until I swallowed his lovely cum. He patted me on the head and bid me go back to sleep when he was done. Returning to dreamland was easily done. I was tired from my performances last night. As I slept, I dreamt of cocks, lots of cocks, hard and demanding, thrust in my face, wanting to be sucked. 

Sometime after ten, Lisa called. I answered groggily. 

"We need to speak, Julia," Lisa said. 

"What about, Lisa? Or should I say Mistress?" 

"I should apologize for that, but I can't. Last night was so amazing. Not just the part you played. I'm speaking of everything that happened, but this is best discussed in private and not over the phone. May I come over?" 

"Give me an hour and I'll speak to you then. I need to eat and dress. Last night was very tiring." 

Since I hadn't worn the oriental outfit yesterday, it was still the primary outfit I had to wear today. The secondary outfit was the cheerleader outfit with the transparent top and short skirt which wouldn't cover much of anything. Since I intended to do grocery shopping today, I would appreciate the extra coverage. I had eggs and toast and put coffee on for Lisa and I. I also needed to do post poker game cleanup. This was the first time we hadn't done so right after the game. Master had other plans for me last night. Plans that didn't include domestic chores, but instead, fucking his slave hard. 

I finished eating and started cleaning up. Lisa arrived, knocking on the back door and I let her in. She hugged me briefly without a word and immediately started helping me so we could sit down and chat without worrying about what needed to be done. When everything was put away and the dishwasher started, I poured us both coffee and we sat down at the kitchen table. 

"What did you want to talk about?" I asked. 

"You heard me tell Scott why I did what I did last night. While not apologizing, I need to offer an explanation. You deserve that. I would never nor could I ever, go some place to try to pick up a woman. I couldn't just to see what it would be like to be with one. I suppose, unless a woman approached me, my curiosity about what a woman was like would be unsatisfied. When Scott offered your oral services to all the players last night, it was like 'ding-ding'. I could know what it was to have a woman pleasure me, so I took advantage. You were a slave. You've already done it. The only difference is it was me, and not some stranger. That's why I accepted with everyone else. 

"But last night also opened my eyes about other things as well. In many respects, I thought it odd you wanted to submit to Scott as a sex slave for three weeks. I could only kind of sense the appeal, but didn't really understand it. Then last night happened and boom! Oh, my fucking God! It was, without a doubt, the hottest, most erotic thing I ever witnessed. 

"Seeing you bound to that cross, naked and vulnerable, and all those guys touching you while you had no choice in the matter. Then Scott whipping you and having you suck him off in front of everyone, offering your services as a white silk slave. Seeing you with cock after cock in your mouth. Shit, Julia, I nearly climaxed just from watching you. And you loved it. I could see the way you blossomed. I know it was partly the Slave Trainer keeping you edged, only being allowed to cum if you made them cum, but it wasn't only that was it?" 

"No," I admitted. "Not only that. It went to some of my deepest fantasies. Being forced to surrender myself to whomever a Master wants me to surrender to is a hardwired trigger to the darkest part of my libido. I was worried about Scott and what it could mean to my marriage, but given he seems okay with it, I'm unleashed to enjoy it." 

"That's what I mean. The whole evening was so sexually powerful. If I'd lost my bet to Jerry last night, I wouldn't have cared. I would have been happy if he fucked me in front of everyone. Taking my clothes off in front of everyone, egging Jerry on, everyone watching me be sexually satisfied by you and Jerry was crazy sexy. You saw how many times I orgasmed." 

"I was very aware of the frequency of your orgasms," I said. "I could taste each one. The increased fluids as you climaxed coated my face." 

"It's the reason I'm here today," Lisa said. "I want to submit to Scott as a sex slave, just like you. I want what you have. Since it means I would be doing everything you do with him, I need your permission. I would be having sex with your husband. If you don't want me to do it, I won't. He'll never learn of my desire to be his slave from me. I'll remain strictly a friend and neighbor. But if you could see your way to allowing me to join you, I would be eternally grateful." 

"Why Scott? Why not anyone else?" 

"I trust Scott. I trust him more than any other man I know; more than my ex-husband. Even when he whipped you yesterday, I could see how much he loves and cares for you. I could see he was holding back. Trying to make it sting, but nothing excessive. The whip marks were totally gone by the time we took the bathroom break. Even the other guys last night, I like them, but I couldn't be sure they'd use the same restraint. I trust Scott to ensure nothing terrible happens to me while I do this. Like you, I'd be forced to surrender myself, but he would ensure it was no more than I could bear." 

"Do you want to be his permanent slave?" 

"I don't know. I never read the same romances as you. I'd never considered anything like this before. The only reason I'm considering it now is because of last night. I suppose, like you, I should consider trying it for some time less than forever to see if it's something I truly desire or if I was merely overwhelmed by events last night." 

"Something like three weeks then?" 

"Or even two. We could end our slavery together or decide if it's something either of us would want to continue. We would have each other to talk to, someone who understands what we're going through, what it means, and if it should stop or we want more." 

"I need to think about this, Lisa. I need to buy groceries, and I should do it soon. Master may be able to get away early today, and I'd like to be here when he arrives home. A slave should take care of her Master after a hard days work. Let me think about it and I'll get back to you." 

"You're not going out like that, are you?" 

"It's the best I have today," I replied. 

"The slit on the side is cut so high, people will see you've no underwear and you'll probably flash your pussy walking around." 

"Slaves aren't allowed modesty. If you're a slave, you might be wearing this or worse. Last night, I wasn't flashing anything. It was all on display for others to see. Master has only promised I would wear enough in public not to be arrested." 

"Understood. But, it's designed more as evening wear than for grocery shopping. You could order groceries on line and have them delivered. Greeting someone at the door wearing that is more appropriate to those circumstances. However, instead of that, why don't I buy your groceries for you. It gives you time to consider my proposal. You can pay me back when I return. Do you have a list or should we start one?" 

I allowed Lisa to go shopping for me. I prepared a list of things to buy while I considered what to make for supper as well as her proposal. Since it was possible we might have company tonight, I made a double batch of spaghetti, putting the sauce in the slow cooker to simmer for several hours. The pasta wouldn't be cooked until later and I could put on as little or as much as needed. I texted Lisa and told her to add French bread to the list. That done, I sat down to think about what she wanted. 

I imagined I had the same reservations about seeing your spouse fucking another person as most normal people in the world. I didn't know if seeing him with my friend would be better or worse than watching him with total strangers. I suspected worse, because total strangers would be gone afterward and I'd never see them again. Lisa lived next door and I saw her nearly every day. Once she'd been with Master, every time I saw her after, I'd be picturing her with his cock in her mouth or cunt or ass, or all three. I admitted to myself, I wasn't entirely comfortable with that image. 

On the other hand, wasn't that how it was for Master now? He was working with Jerry today. Every time he saw Jerry, did he visualize him with my lips wrapped around his black prick? I imagined he did. We thought alike, which helped make our marriage work. Did Master feel the same pangs I imagined whenever he saw his friend, and wouldn't he see them for the rest of his life? Nor, was my slavery over yet. In the next two weeks, who knew what else I would do if faced with his choices? At some point, would Master be seeing mental images of his wife fucked in the cunt or ass. If Master could live with those images in order to give me my fantasies, could I do any less? What man doesn't secretly desire to make love to two women; have two sex slaves to satisfy his every whim? If my Master could do as much for me, could I not do as much for him? 

I sighed. The things we were willing to do for the people we loved. 

Lisa got back from the store and we put everything away. We didn't speak. Her request hung between us like a wall; waiting for an answer before we could return to normal. She didn't ask me any more. The request was made and she'd not plead further, allowing me time and space to make the decision on my own. She turned to leave. 

Her hand was on the doorknob when I said, "Wait." 

She turned to face me, waiting. 

"Strip," I said. 

Without a word, she removed every stitch of clothing. 

"Display." 

Lisa attempted to get into position. She'd not practiced as I had, only seen me do it and I had to nudge her legs a little farther apart. I walked around her, touching her body. She shivered as I'd done when touched by Masters, knowing her body no longer belonged to her, but to another. 

"You're very beautiful, slave. I hope my Master appreciates the gift I'm about to give him." 

"Thank you, Mistress." 

"I'm not your Mistress. I may be head slave, but we share our position as slaves. You may address me as Julia." 

"Thank you, Julia." 

"You're welcome, slave. We need to prepare for Master's arrival. Use the bathroom, including the toilet if necessary, and shower. You will be presented to him when he gets home and since I don't know how long it will be, you may be bound longer than expected." 

She left to do as I ordered. I picked up her clothes, folded them and set them aside. I removed my leather collar and cuffs. Lisa would be wearing them tonight. I put on the gold collar and bracelets my Master gave me. When she finished in the bathroom, I had her kneel while I put the leather collar on, then display as I fastened the cuffs on her wrists and ankles. The question became how did I want to present her to Master? To see her on the cross, or to hang from the beam as I'd been sold last night? I decided the cross was more a possession or punishment display. Lisa was being presented as a possible slave. I didn't know if Master would accept my gift. Being displayed as a slave for sale seemed more appropriate than a slave owned. 

I fastened her cuffs together and hooked them to the chain attached to the beam overhead. I parted her legs and fastened her ankle cuffs to the eye bolts below. Since the overhead chain had been adjusted to me last night, and I was taller than Lisa, it pulled her tight, like a bow string, rather than her hands being loosely confined over her head. I liked her appearance. I hoped Master would be as pleased. I touched her sex, pushing two fingers into her cunt, and she shivered again. 

"You're as wet as I get when Master suspends me. You might be slave material after all." 

I gave her my fingers to clean. She licked herself off of them. I sure hoped I knew what I was doing. I removed my dress. After all, I was a slave at home and Master liked his slave naked. Lisa was nothing more than another slave and I didn't need to dress for her. If Master accepted her, we'd both be naked slaves. 

Master got home at 2:30. I knelt down at his feet and said, "Welcome home, Master. How may a slave serve you?" 

****** 

SCOTT 

I found my slave kneeling at my feet as soon as I walked through the door. It took me maybe a minute or more before I noticed she wasn't home alone. You tend to concentrate on your slave when she's sucking your cock. I saw Lisa hanging on the bondage furniture, and she was as nude as my slave was. 

"You girls haven't been playing in my absence, have you?" 

Julia interrupted her sucking. "No, Master. No playing. This slave is not allowed to have orgasms without her Master's permission. The girl hanging up for Master's inspection wishes to offer her servitude to Master for the next two weeks. She requested my permission to surrender herself to you. I have agreed she could do so." 

I left my slave kneeling on the floor and walked over to her. Lisa was stretched tight, her body taut and very lovely. Her nipples were engorged, as her pussy seemed to be as well; engorged and moist. I sat down on the couch in front of her and called Julia to me. I pulled her down on my lap, kissing her and molding one of her breasts in my hand. She moaned as I did so, rubbing against me. 

"This seems like a story which bears repeating," I said. "Why don't you tell me what's happened today." 

"Lisa was very excited by what happened last night. She believes she would like to experience what I did, so she asked if she could submit to you." 

"Why me?" 

"She trusts you and doesn't believe you'll harm her, any more than you would harm me. If she would do this, she wants to do it with someone she has faith in." 

"I appreciate her trust. The next question is why you would approve of her request? I did tell you that I wasn't engaging in your fantasy in order to have sex with other people. It is my intent to remain faithful to you." 

Heavens, Julia was sexy. I put my hand on her bald mound and started to run my fingers through her slit. She leaned against my shoulder and moaned some more, thrusting her pelvis against my hand. 

"Was I unfaithful...to you last night...Master?" Her answer halting and breathless as she squirmed in delight. 

"No, you were not. I placed you in that position, knowing what you'd likely choose. I do not consider what you did infidelity." 

"Because...what a slave...does...at her Master's behest...is not...of...her own...choosing." I thrust two fingers into her sheath. "Master, can I...cum? Please...Master. Let me...cum." 

"You may cum, slave." 

My fingers were compressed by her cunt as she flooded my fingers. She clung to me desperately, grinding herself on my hand. Our conversation ceased as she climaxed. When it was over, I fed her my fingers. She licked them clean, then kissed me, letting me taste her. 

As her breathing returned to normal, she said, "What a Master does with a slave, is no more unfaithful than what a slave does for her Master. If she agrees to be your sex slave and you accept her slavery, you're not having sex with Lisa McManus, neighbor and your wife's friend; you're using a slave as she's meant to be used, without limits. The same rules that apply to a slave apply to the Master. I would be greatly offended and hurt if you were to have sex with another free person, just as you would be if I did anything outside the bounds of my slavery. This is not that. If you have a slave, you must use her. That is her function and your responsibility as her Master. I would no more consider this as infidelity than you did when I sucked everyone's cock last night. It's what I'm there for, to be used as my owner wishes. The same with this slave. Use her if you'll have her. I won't object, nor hold you to be be cheating on me." 

"A valid argument, but I had time to consider what I would have you do as my slave. You've had no more than a few hours to consider this. Additionally, I would add this. Lisa, have you ever read novels such as my slave has which fantasized sex slavery?" 

"No, sir." 

"So you've got nothing to go on past your arousal, shall we say, from the events of last night?" 

"Yes, sir." 

"My slave is able to opt out of her slavery at any time. She had several days of slavery to go on before she was faced with her role last night. Obviously, you should also be able to opt out at any time, but say I agreed to your submission today and tomorrow you say, nope, can't do this anymore, I want out. Then I will consider any sex we've engaged in between now and then as acts of infidelity to my wife, because you weren't really my slave. You didn't know what slavery was, nor what it consisted of. You were infatuated by certain events and wanted them for yourself and could engage in a little sexual play without consequence to yourself. Do you understand what I'm saying?" 

"Yes, sir. Do you want me to promise I won't opt out before the end of two weeks?" 

"I don't think that's a reasonable promise given you don't understand the nature of sex slavery. You've never imagined it or fantasized about it, nor read anything as my slave did before she consented to this. You got a mere glimpse of slavery last night which enamored you. How can you make that promise?" 

"What would you have me do, sir, to show I'm in it for the long haul and not for a quick fuck?" 

"Did my slave tell you about Mistress Dark?" 

"She did, sir. She's the woman who taught her to lick pussy and deep throat your cock." 

"What I'm willing to do is have you spend twenty-four hours with Mistress Dark. She will teach you the meaning of your sex slavery without any input from me. This provides two benefits. One, it gives my wife more time to consider what she's agreeing to and if it's something she really wants to do. Second, it lets you experience real sex slavery to determine if it's reasonable you go through it for the next two weeks. If, after your time with her, you still wish to become my slave and Julia still consents, I'll accept it under the same terms as I accepted Julia's slavery, until hers is ended. Until then, I won't touch you, though you may remain naked as I love looking at beautiful naked women." 

"I understand and would agree to those terms, sir." 

"Slave?" 

"It seems a reasonable alternative, Master. Thank you." 

"Then a few more questions, Lisa. Do you intend to serve as white silk or red silk slave?" 

"What's the difference, sir?" 

"White silk is like my slave last night, able to use her mouth only to service others. Red silk has no boundaries. She is to serve her Master in all ways, orally, vaginally and anally." 

"I'm not saving myself for anyone, sir. I miss fucking. I would be red silk." 

"This includes others, not just myself. In all probability, you will be asked to do as Julia did last night; to have sex with other people as well, including my own slave. Do you understand and consent to your use by others as red silk slave?" 

"I would so consent, sir." 

"Do you need to be anally prepared as my slave was. I understand you've done it before and it was you who suggested the plugs to Julia." 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"I have enjoyed anal sex in the past, sir, but it's been a long time since I've done it. I think two days of preparation with the two largest plugs would be beneficial." 

"Do you know how to deep throat?" I asked. 

"I consider myself fairly adequate at fellatio, sir, but of all the cocks last night, Chen's might have been the only one I could take all the way." 

"Mistress Dark will work on that as well. She's an excellent teacher, isn't she, slave?" 

"Yes, Master. Very good. There's a trick she showed me." 

"Speaking of deep throating, slave; why don't you be a good girl and suck me now while I make arrangements for Lisa?" 

"Yes, Master." 

Julia released my cock, hard from playing with my naked slave while carrying on a conversation with another, would be, naked slave. Her mouth immediately found the bottom of my prick. I called Mistress Dark. Rose answered the phone. 

"Mistress Dark's residence." 

"Rose, I'd like to speak to your Mistress please. Tell her it's Scott Rivers." 

"Master Rivers. What a pleasant surprise. Please wait one moment while I speak to Mistress." 

I waited while she got her Mistress. I wondered if Mistress Dark was punishing Slut again. Slut had trouble behaving herself, somewhat intentionally I believed. 

"Scott, how wonderful you called. Does your slave require additional training?" 

"Actually, I have someone else interested in becoming a sex slave, but she doesn't know anything about it other than what she witnessed over the course of a few hours last night. Before I accept her slavery, I'd like her to have a 24 hour crash course on the meaning of sex slavery." 

"You're taking my advice and giving your slave some competition so she becomes better. How nice for you." 

"Actually, they cooked this up between themselves. I had nothing to do with it. I will be using the same punishment devices on her as I use on my own slave, the Slave Trainer, my hand, a whip and the Enforcer. She should experience all of them. She's done anal, but it's been a while, so we're going to prepare her some, but not as much as Julia. She'll be wearing a plug when she comes and have a larger one to put in tomorrow evening. She says she probably can't deep throat me now, so give her a big cock to work on. She might as well learn to lick cunt. That way, she can keep my slave satisfied if I'm too tired, and it's entirely possible I'll make her perform on others as well. I made my slave seduce a sales clerk. If she's still willing to become my sex slave after twenty-four hours with you, I'll accept her servitude." 

"I can help you with everything you request, and in point of fact, have an opening tonight, but have no cock at the moment. I have no one here presently of that gender, though I suppose I could train her on a dildo. You don't want to be her training aid?" 

Speaking of training aids, my slave was making me cum and she eagerly sucked the cum from my balls as I flooded her mouth and throat. I grunted slightly, thrusting. 

"Not until she's accepted sex slavery," I replied, throatily. "She's my neighbor and wife's best friend. I don't want sexual contact with her until then in case she doesn't want to go through with it, which I would consider to be infidelity to my wife." 

"I have a suggestion then. I belong to a BDSM club which has a meeting tomorrow. I could bring her to the club as part of her training. You might want to bring your own slave, so she can witness others in the life and so you can keep an eye on the new one. I can bring you and your slave as my guests." 

"I would be honored to attend as your guest. It sounds like it could be fun. What time should I bring her over tonight?" 

"Seven-thirty would be fine. I take it she'll be spending the night here." 

"Yes." 

"We'll discuss arrangements for tomorrow when you bring the new slave. What's her name?" 

"Lisa." 

"A lovely name. Is she as lovely as her name?" 

"I'm staring at her naked body right now and I think it's every bit as lovely as her name." 

"Excellent. Bring the new one naked. She won't need clothes. I'll see you at 7:30. Bring the other one as well. I'd like to see if she's forgotten any of my instruction." 

"Of course. $150 an hour, right?" 

"I have a daily rate of $750. Generally, anything over five hours, I charge the daily rate. I look forward to tonight. See you then. Goodbye." 

"Goodbye." 

My slave was finishing up, cleaning up anything which may have earlier escaped her attention. It wasn't much. She'd done a superb job. 

"Mistress Dark is taking you at 7:30 tonight. You'll spend the next day with her. You heard the type of training I expect you to undergo." 

"Yes, sir." 

"We'll all be going as her guests to a BDSM club tomorrow. It will be part of your cock sucking training since she has no males in residence at the moment. Have you any questions?" 

"No, sir." 

"Julia, release her. You need to put her plug in." 

"Me, Master?" 

"You. This is your idea. I'm not touching her until tomorrow." 

****** 

JULIA 

Master struck me as wise, fair and just. He was right. Lisa knew nothing of sex slavery. She'd witnessed one incident last night and thought she might be a slave. She'd never been indoctrinated into it by the books she'd read or dreamed of serving a strong Master. She should know what she was getting into before agreeing as I had. 

I released Lisa from her bondage and led her into the bedroom, Master watching our naked bottoms disappear. Finding the lube and the second largest anal plug, I had her bend over the bed. 

"I'll apologize now for what I'm about to do." 

"I've had plugs before. I can take it. What can you tell me about Mistress Dark?" 

"You mean the taste of her cunt, because you will certainly be licking it?" 

"Everything. Tell me everything you can remember." 

"Well, I was only with her a few hours last Saturday morning. It seems odd it was less than a week ago. It seems like a lifetime now. She's very demanding. I would say more demanding than Master. You will be punished if you don't do things exactly as she says. The Enforcer stings like a bitch." I started smearing the lubricant around her crinkled rosebud, Lisa flinching when I pushed some in with my finger and rubbing it around the rubber edge of the sphincter. "Her pussy is on the mild side, but she has two female slaves I'm aware of, so I imagine it gets licked often. One of the slaves is named Rose, the other Master knew only as Slut. She is apparently on the disobedient side as she likes to be punished, hence the name." 

I put lots of lubricant on the plug as well. It was on the larger side; six inches long and two inches wide. The largest had another half inch in girth but wasn't any longer. Placing the narrow tip in the center of the bullseye, I began pushing it in. I don't know how I got into these things. Wait, I lie. I consumed books about sex slavery and Master questioned me about my reading material and I agreed to be his sex slave. Then I told Lisa she could be Master's slave as well, so now I am pushing a large plug into my friends tight ass. 

She grunted and groaned when the widest part of the plug went into her asshole. It easily slid the rest of the way, closing up around the tip. When I looked at the bottom of the glass plug, the glass was dark, giving me a distorted view into the cavern of her rectum. It seemed to go in easier in her than it went in me at this size, so hopefully, she would have no difficulty taking Master's cock when he fucked her. I patted the bottom of the plug. 

"Thank you for agreeing to let me share your husband." 

"He's not shared yet. Master was right. You had a brief erotic glimpse of slavery. You may not last twenty-fours at Mistress Dark's. She's demanding and your ass will burn. Your nipples will go into harsh nipple clamps. Your tits and cunt will be whipped. It's very possible you'll not last. I was ready for this through my reading, my imagination. It prepared me for my slavery. You know nothing yet. I wonder if I would have lasted had I started with Mistress Dark?" 

"Still. You offered. I find the offer to be extremely generous." 

I shrugged. "You are my best friend." I paused. "You will find it quite interesting to sit on that plug. When Master took me shopping, I climaxed during our drive from the vibrations passed through the plug." 

"None of you have allowed me to cum yet. Will I be allowed to cum, do you think?" 

"I doubt it. Master's and Mistress's like their slaves aroused and needy." I helped Lisa off the bed. "Chances are you won't be allowed to orgasm unless you're giving an orgasm to someone else. It's a very effective training tool, knowing your pleasure waits for the pleasure of others." We rejoined my Master. 

****** 

We ate early so we could deliver Lisa to Mistress Dark by 7:30. Master made Lisa eat naked. Of course, I did also. Master liked his slaves to be naked. Master had me sit on his lap as he fed me. He liked naked slave girls to sit on his lap. Lisa sat uncomfortably in her chair, the plug reminding her of its presence. Master did not feed her. She was left to fend for herself. Master gave me an orgasm after supper, fingering my wet cunt, while Lisa squirmed uneasily on the other side of the table. Not all parts of being a sex slave were wonderful. Sometimes slaves have to wait for their pleasure. 

When it was time to leave, Master said to Lisa, "Mistress Dark wanted you delivered naked to her. You won't have any clothes in the car. You may wrap this shawl around yourself to walk out to the car, and if there are other cars around. If there are not other cars nearby, I'll expect you to be naked." 

Lisa nodded nervously. 

Master said to me, "You're coming with, my delightful little slave. Mistress Dark wished to discover if you still remember your lessons. You may wear your oriental dress you earned this morning. While we're in the car, you keep an eye on the surrounding traffic and remind Lisa she's to remove her blanket when you don't see other vehicles." 

"Yes, Master." 

Lisa nervously wore the shawl while we walked to the car. It wasn't very long and barely covered her pussy and ass and any breeze might blow it up, so her hands were at the bottom, trying to hold it down. As soon as she was in the car, Master made her bare herself. She rode in the front seat. I rode in the back. Master chose a route to Mistress Dark's that was mostly deserted, so Lisa spent much of her time in the car naked. Occasionally, we'd reach a stop sign or intersection where Lisa was allowed to cover herself. I noticed her nipples were very hard. Perhaps she was good slave material after all. My nipples would have been hard as well. When we reached the house, it was obvious we could have taken faster, more populated routes, so Master must have wanted to keep her naked, nervous and aroused. 

Mistress Dark's house had bushes and trees concealing her front entry, so Lisa had to forego the shawl as we walked up to the house, she leading the way, glancing nervously around her as if people were hiding in the bushes. Master rang the bell. A lovely, naked slave opened the door. 

"Master Rivers. I'm pleased to see you again. This must be the new slave girl. She's very lovely. I shall enjoy training her. And this must be your own slave, Julia. She's a beautiful girl as well. It's too bad she can't stay and play as well. Follow me, please." 

She sauntered down the hall and we trailed after, watching her mesmerizing derrière wiggle provocatively from side to side. I noticed she had a plug in her ass as well. 

We reached a door and Rose opened it, standing aside so we could enter. It was much the way Master had described it. Bondage furniture all around, whips and canes and cages, dildos and vibrators of every descriptions, ropes and chains everywhere. My pussy got wetter, as it did whenever I saw the means and methods of punishing lowly slaves. Rose kneeled beside us. 

Mistress Dark had a plump but curvy naked slave suspended upside down on the St. Andrews cross while she applied a cane to her bottom and the tops of her thighs. I assumed she was Slut according to Master's description. The cane was leaving long red stripes each time it struck but Slut wasn't pleading or begging. She was crying, and flinching as the rod struck. Evidence of past use of the cane was all over, aged stripes, now fading. When Mistress Dark had left ten new, fresh stripes, she stopped. She put the cane away and picked up a whip like Master's. 

Turning, she saw us and called out, "Mr. Rivers. Right on time. I appreciate punctuality." Slut was left hanging upside down to contemplate the error of her ways. 

She approached us and as she got close enough to shake our hands, instead of reaching for a hand, she put both her hands on Lisa's breasts, squeezing and caressing them both, making Lisa's nipples harder. 

"You're right, Scott. She's a lovely woman. She'll make a nice matched set with your other slave. Is she familiar with some basic slave commands?" 

"She used some on my slave last night, so she'll recognize them." 

"Display," Mistress Dark ordered. Not only did Lisa display, I did as well. One did not disobey Mistress Dark. 

"Not bad. She could be a little quicker, but we'll work on that." 

Mistress Dark stuck two fingers into Lisa's cunt. "She's wet, but not too wet. I'll try to build up some of her slave heat." Mistress Dark came up to me and did the same, pushing two fingers into mine as well. "Not like this one," Mistress Dark said, "she's got enough heat for two." She pulled her fingers out, thick with my juices, and made me lick them clean. 

"Rose, take the new girl, fit her with a Slave Trainer and put her in the stocks about tits high. We'll take a closer look in a few minutes." 

"Yes, Mistress." Lisa was led away. 

"Now, dear slave," she said to me. "It's time to see if you remember all you learned or if you need remedial instruction." She led me to a comfortable looking chair, but it was for her, not me. She sat down. "Show me." 

I knelt in front of her. Mistress Dark was wearing her usual leather g-string. I started with my seduction and I was pleased to see Mistress was squirming slightly before I reached the point I untied her g-string. She was fragrant, her arousal trapped in the leather, but she smelled rich and earthy. She tasted good as well, and I wondered if my cunt was this tasty when Master tasted me. Once my lips and tongue were actually busy on her pussy, it only took a few minutes for her to cum until my face was soaked. She moaned quite nicely as she orgasmed and I was content to have pleasured her so well. 

"She's definitely had some more experience," Mistress said, caressing my head. "She's not at Slut's or Rose's level yet, but she'll become better with more cunt to lick. She can work on your new slave and vice versa. They'll both be superb cunt lickers with practice. Tell me about the new girl. Keep going, slave," she said to me and I continued orally pleasuring Mistress Dark. 

"She's our friend and neighbor. Julia's best friend and she plays poker with me and some guys on Thursday nights. She was at our house for poker last night, and my slave had to orally pleasure the winner of every hand for two minutes. She enjoyed my slaves attention quite often and bid on her services after the game. This morning, as I understand it, she claimed she enjoyed the evening and the eroticism so much, she asked my slave if I could be her Master as well. Julia was agreeable, but I had some reservations. My wife had a long time to decide if this was something she wanted to do and from her reading, knew what to expect. I didn't think it wise to accept her submission without her knowing more about what she was getting into, hence the phone call to you." 

Mistress Dark orgasmed again, flooding my tongue with fresh fluids. She cried out softly as she climaxed. I smiled to have pleased her so. 

"That's enough, dear slave." She stood up. "Let's see what we have to work with." 

We walked over to where Lisa was secured in the stocks, with a Slave Trainer stuck in her cunt, clamps on her nipples. Mistress Dark began caressing Lisa's body, running her hands everywhere they could reach. Lisa quivered under her touch. Mistress began questioning her as they spoke. 

"Have you ever been with a woman?" Mistress Dark asked. 

"Only Julia, when she licked me. I've never licked anyone myself," Lisa answered. 

"That will change, early and often," Mistress said. "You've been fucked in the ass before?" 

"Several times in the past. Not since my divorce a year ago." 

"Can you deep throat?" 

"I don't believe I can take my prospective Master all the way. Smaller, thinner cocks, only." 

"We'll change that as well. A slave who can't take all of her Master's cock is worthless to him." 

"Yes, Mistress." 

"Why do you want to be a slave?" Mistress Dark asked. 

"Julia seems to be enjoying her slavery a great deal. I could tell from her attitude and enthusiasm last night how much she was loving her slavery." Lisa was right. I very enthusiastically sucked many cocks last night. "I decided I wanted to experience it for myself." 

"Why Scott? Why not find your own Master?" 

"I trust Scott. I see the way he treats his slave, plus I think Julia and I can help each other get through it." 

"You're not sure you could get through it on your own?" 

"I don't know for sure. This is my first experience with anything like this." 

"Your husband never tied you down to your bed?" 

"No, although he held my hands down over my head a few times." 

"Did you enjoy it?" 

"I think so. We'd been arguing though, so I'm not sure I enjoyed it as much as I could have." 

Mistress Dark removed the nipple clamps and Lisa groaned as the blood rushed back into the tormented nubbins. I was familiar with that feeling. My own nipples ached in sympathy. Mistress then swatted Lisa's bottom with her hand, hard, leaving an imprint of it. Lisa cried out and jumped around, eventually settling down again. 

"I will commonly spank you that hard. Will you be able to tolerate it?" 

"I don't know. You surprised me, and there was no lead in. I'm not sure." 

"You're honest at least. I'm going to hit you ass with the whip a couple times. Prepare yourself." 

Lisa anchored her body as best she could and Mistress Dark whipped her buttocks twice, leaving red streaks. Lisa whimpered, but she held still. 

"I believe she might have the makings of a sex slave. You should know by the time you come tomorrow." Mistress pinched Lisa's nipple and Lisa moaned deep in her throat. "Good possibility anyway." 

"What time should we arrive tomorrow?" Master asked. 

"Come over at two. I'll let you see the progress she's made and we'll leave here together, in my vehicle. Non-members aren't allowed to know where the club is, so I'll be driving. You'll have to wear something covering your eyes, sorry." 

"I understand." 

"We'll see you tomorrow, then." 

I said goodbye to Lisa, stroking her face, and Rose led us to the front door. We got in the car and started home. 

"I feel sorry for Lisa, Master. I don't think she understands what she's getting into." 

"You should feel sorry for yourself," Master said. "I plan to fuck shit out of you when I get home." 

"Master was as aroused as his slave to be at Mistress Dark's?" I asked. I reached for his cock and saw it was indeed hard and swollen. "Master does not need to wait until we get home. His slave is as needy as he is. I will either suck your cock as we drive or you could pull over somewhere and take my cunt or ass, sir." 

He glanced at me. He pulled off the road into a copse of trees near the road and turned off the lights and the engine. 

"Strip," he ordered. 

--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
I obeyed. I was a slave and he was my beloved Master. While I stripped off my dress, he pushed his seat back and the steering wheel farther in giving us more room and released his cock from his pants. When I was a naked slave girl again, he pushed my head down to his cock. He didn't have to push hard, I was happy to suck the cock which gave me so much pleasure. Within five minutes, he gifted me with his cum and I contentedly swallowed all he had to offer me. 

"Keep sucking," he said. "I'll get hard again in a couple minutes. I haven't cum much today." 

I kept sucking his stalk and as he said, he never quite shrank and was soon filling my mouth again. 

"Climb over my lap and mount me," Master ordered. Happy to comply because I needed to cum as badly as he had, I maneuvered myself over his shaft and sank down, sighing joyfully as he filled my wet, aroused cunt. I started to ride him, reaching for my own pleasure. 

"Don't forget to ask for permission to cum," Master reminded me. 

"I shall not ask, Master. I want to be spanked. I want you to spank me. I want to feel your hand warming my butt." 

Even as I said it, I orgasmed, a soft "Master" whispered in his ear, squirming delightfully over his cock. I continued pumping his prick, moving through my climax, remembering my first responsibility was to his pleasure. Yet it also helped me. I climaxed twice more, neither time without permission, before I felt him throbbing and releasing into my clinging cunt. I relaxed for the first time since mounting him, my head pillowed against his chest. 

"I'm surprised you agreed Lisa could be a sex slave and share your Master," he said. "Do you think that was wise?" 

"Not as wise as my Master is. She should know more about what she's getting into before agreeing to sex slavery." 

"I'm not talking about wise for her, I'm talking about you and me, our marriage. Do you think our bond can remain as strong as it is if we're both watching other people fuck our spouses?" 

"It was not a snap decision, sir. I thought about it a great deal. She went out for groceries while I was thinking about it. Like you, I know this has the potential to create stress on our marriage. But stress doesn't always make things break, sometimes it makes things stronger. We're not like a rubber band, where the more it's stretched, the greater the risk of breaking. I picture us more as a muscle and the strain you put on your muscle makes you stronger, not weaker. All the other problems we've ever faced before have deepened and strengthened our connection. I know how much you agonized over allowing me to experience my fantasies to the greatest possible extent. I may never be able to repay you for that, but I thought having two willing slave girls might potentially be worth any pain you've suffered as a result." 

"It does raise tantalizing possibilities," Master said. 

"And I will be willing to explore all those possibilities, Master." 

He hugged and kissed me. "You'll be going home naked slave. Put the shawl over your seat so you don't leak cum all over it. I'd like to save your dress too, which would have to be dry cleaned. When you've arranged that, you may clean me off." 

"Yes, Master," I replied. 

I spread the shawl over my seat and put my dress in the back seat. I clambered back to my seat and leaned over my Master's limp cock, gathering all of our cum on my tongue and gratefully swallowing it. We tasted good together. When I was finished, I lowered my seat slightly as I'd have nothing to cover myself on the way home. Master wasn't finished with me quite yet, though. As we moved through the streets, he had me masturbate myself for him as he drove. I had two more orgasms before he pulled into our garage. 

****** 

SCOTT 

I swear my slave was becoming sexier and more desirable every day. I couldn't restrain myself on our way home, having to fuck her practically as we'd left Mistress Dark's driveway. I let her tease me by masturbating herself on the drive back. I could smell her arousal in the car, like baking bread in the oven, permeating the air and making my cock rise again. When we got home, she grabbed her dress and the shawl, hanging one and throwing the other into the laundry basket. I knew once I started spanking her for cumming, I'd need to fuck her again, so I brought her into the bedroom, having her bend over my knee once more. She kissed my hand before settling over my lap and counted down the strokes. I was striking her harder now than when I first started, but from the sounds she made, it was hard to tell. 

I finished and she said, "Fuck my ass, Master." I knew her bottom was red and it would hurt as I pounded into her, but she moaned delightfully as I penetrated her back door. Six minutes in, my slave was pleading with me to let her cum. The second I gave her permission she spasmed over me, her ass like a vise as her orgasm swept through her. She screamed as she climaxed, not loud, half spoken, half whimpered. 

"Fuck me, Master. Fuck your slave's ass. Cum in your slave's ass, sir." 

Redoubling my efforts, she moaned some more. So tight, so warm. She orgasmed again with my permission before I'd worked up enough sperm to release again. Spent, I collapsed on the bed. My slave got up and getting a warm, wet washcloth, returned to gently clean me off. 

"Do you want to wait for the morning for the rest of your punishment, or would you like it tonight?" I asked. 

"I want it all now, Master. I've been a bad girl, and deserve to be punished. Thirty with the whip and thirty with the Enforcer, sir." 

I wondered about the change in her. Why she suddenly seemed to crave her punishment where she'd only tolerated it before. Lisa was wearing Julia's leather cuffs and collar, so I got the suspension cuffs and secured my slave to the cross on her back, feet off the ground, baring her front for me. I started whipping her, going easy to start as I usually did. 

"Harder, Master. I want to see how much I can take." 

So I went harder, stopping when she said, "there, I can take that." Still she groaned when I struck her, leaving red stripes on her white flesh. I reduced again when I hit her soft breasts, but she said, "No, the same." She squirmed when I hit her, but told me to keep going. 

"When you hit my cunt, don't lighten up," my slave said. "Keep going this hard." 

Who was the Master and who the slave. I obeyed her. I struck her cunt. "Master, let me cum, please, I need to cum," she gasped. I gave her permission and before I'd struck her again, she spasmed wildly, her chains shaking as she writhed upon the cross. "More, more," she cried, tears streaming, and I struck her more, the last of the thirty, and she lay gasping and limp on the cross. I'd seen Slut cum while Mistress Dark whipped her, but never thought I'd see my slave do the same. 

I licked and tongued her poor pussy, red stripes on the pallid bikini flesh. She begged to cum again and I gave her permission and she thrashed again as she orgasmed on my tongue, powerful shudders shaking her body. 

"Do you still want the rest tonight?" I asked. 

"Yes, Master," she sobbed. "I want them all." 

I released her from the cross and fastened her in the stocks, spreading her legs and securing them on the bottom. I got the Enforcer and started in on her bottom again. "Harder, Master," she said. Once again, I obeyed the slave. Her bottom was moving all over, unable to fully hold still, and she yelped each time I struck her, but still she said, "more." Her ass was as red as a tomato, and still she said more. 

"Are you getting hard again, Master," she gasped between two blows. 

I admitted I was, ashamed that punishing my slave would be giving me an erection. 

"When you're done, shove your cock into my cunt and fuck me hard, sir." 

I would probably have done it anyway, needing relief again, but I was happy to hear she welcomed the same ending. I finished the thirty strokes and pushed into her soggy cunt. She'd cum nine times since leaving Dark's and I'd cum three times inside her, every hole. Two strokes inside her cunt this time and she begged to cum. 

"You may cum as often as you like the rest of the evening," I said. 

She clamped down and contracted, throbbing waves of pleasure sweeping through her body. Five minutes later, she orgasmed again, then three minutes later, then two and finally I couldn't tell where one ended and the next began. She was moaning continuously, shaking and shuddering so much the stocks were rattling. This was the fourth time I fucked since Mistress Dark's and I was not going to cum soon. Fifteen or twenty minutes I kept pumping into her without releasing. Finally, I groaned heavily and weak dribbles of cum leaked from my overspent cock. 

"I won't be able to fuck you again tonight, slave." 

"Mmmm. Too bad, Master. I feel like I could cum forever." 

"I think you were cumming forever. Towards the end, I couldn't tell when one stopped and another started." 

"Yes. Wasn't it great, Master?" 

"Great for you, perhaps. My prick feels a bit raw at the moment." 

"Would you like me to kiss it for you, sir." 

I laughed. "I don't think so. I think I'll entrust the cleaning to the shower as well." 

"As you wish, Master." 

We took a shower together, my slave slyly trying to get another rise out of me while she soaped me off. She was fighting a losing battle and I slapped her hands away. 

"Not tonight, slave. We'll see how I feel in the morning." 

"Yes, Master." 

I set out her two outfits for tomorrow, the slutty cheerleader outfit with the sheer top, and the demi bra, putting her tits on a platter, pull on stockings and nothing else, and the white tutu, with no top. I had no doubt my slave would be sucking my cock first thing tomorrow. The cheerleader outfit was bad enough. The tutu was scandalous. 

As we lay in bed that night, my slave snuggled against me, I asked about her behavior. 

"What happened tonight?" 

"You mean the punishment?" 

"Yes." 

"I can't say for certain, sir. Going to Mistress Dark's and seeing Slut get caned was part of it. Another part is many times I've read in my books that pain and pleasure are closely intertwined. Given Slut didn't make a sound as she was punished, I realized I might be capable of more than I thought I was. I decided to find out. So, I wanted you to punish me as hard as I thought I could stand and see what happened. I was pleasantly surprised to find the heat from my punishment arousing me, and even cumming as you whipped my cunt. I enjoyed it more than I ever thought I could. I won't say I'd like to be punished as hard every time, but the circumstances tonight were right for me to enjoy it the way I did." 

"How does everything feel now?" I asked. 

"My breasts don't feel anything anymore. My cunt is sore, though not from the punishment, more from the fucking afterward. My buttocks are still pleasantly warm from the Enforcer. None of it will keep me from sleeping soundly tonight." 

"Mmm. Goodnight, sweet girl." 

"Goodnight, Master." 

****** 

JULIA 

The moment Master stirred in the morning, I was sucking his cock. I knew we were going out today, both to Mistress Dark's and a club afterward. I was determined not to go out in a tutu and nothing else. It took a while for Master to cum, he'd used me well last night, but he was eventually able to climax and swallowing his seed had become a joy for me rather than a burden. 

Master made me breakfast and fed me, sitting naked on his lap. When I was done eating, he kissed and fondled his naked slave until I climaxed, squirming on his lap. It was still too early for Master to repeat his earlier orgasm. For the rest of the morning, we sanded and stained our bondage furniture, until it looked more like the finished product. Master said we'd add another coat of stain and sealer tomorrow. 

"When I start back to work," Master said, "I'm probably going to have you build more of these. We'll use the same plans. If Lisa decides to join us, she can help, though I expect you'll have to show her everything for the first couple. There's no point in you being idle." 

"May I still attend my exercise classes, sir? I suspect you'll want your slave to have a fit and pleasing figure." 

"Yes, you may, although your exercise fashions may need to change to reflect your slave status." 

"Yes, Master. I don't think I can go bottomless to classes. You talked about causing a riot being a reason for slaves to wear clothing. Working my abductors and adductors on the leg spreader while bottomless may cause a riot." 

"I see your point. We'll figure something out." 

Master and I worked on lunch together, lots of protein and vegetables, grilling pork chops and eating a kale, cabbage, and romaine salad with sunflower seeds and uncured bacon bits. Master fed me again. He was able to fuck me over the table this time, and I cleaned him off afterward. Lunch over, we got dressed, him in his normal clothes, me as a cheerleading slut. 

I was conscious I made quite an appearance in my outfit, but at least I wasn't bare. Sheer clothing wasn't as uncommon as you might think, though usually for evening wear. We arrived on time and Slut met us at the door today. When she led us into the house, I could still see the stripes from the cane crisscrossing her buttocks, though she had no problem walking. Master made me remove my clothes as soon as we were in the room. 

We found Lisa in the stocks, her ass flame red, though no one was spanking her now. It looked recent however. I could sympathize with her based upon my ass last night. Mistress Dark greeted us again. 

"Scott. You're just in time. I was about to put Lisa through her paces. Come in." 

Rose released Lisa from the stocks. Rose was wearing a strap-on and I knew Lisa would be distracted by a fucking while pleasing Mistress Dark. She surprised me though. It wasn't her Lisa would please, it was me. 

"Slave, have a seat in this chair. Lisa is going to lick your cunt while she's being fucked. If she stops pleasing you in the slightest, raise your hand, and Rose will smack her red ass." 

I sat down in the chair where Mistress sat last night as I pleased her. Lisa knelt down at my feet. 

"Before we begin, Lisa," Master said, "given what's happened so far, are you ready to give up your idea of being a sex slave?" 

She looked Master straight in the face and said, "No, sir. I want to continue." 

"Very well. You may proceed." 

Lisa briefly looked me in the eyes before spreading my legs and beginning her trained seduction of my pussy. Rose gave her a few moments to get started on me before shoving the strap-on right up her cunt. I couldn't tell the difference. Lisa continued to lick me and kiss my thighs as if Rose wasn't fucking her hard from behind, bracing herself so she wouldn't be pushed against me. Only once did I raise my hand when Lisa lost a little bit of focus as she climaxed the first time. One smack of the Enforcer and the behavior corrected. The second and third time she orgasmed, I might not have known but for her moaning in my cunt. The licking didn't change or cease in any way. I had four incredible orgasms while she tongued me. 

Mistress Dark stopped her after my fourth. 

"Lisa, please clean Rose's strap-on now." Lisa turned from me and started sucking on the big dildo that had been fucking her. She took the entire thing in her mouth and down her throat. It was easily the size of Master. Lisa had been trained well in her time here at Mistress Dark's. She'd already demonstrated her newfound ability to lick cunt and take the largest cocks. Mistress Dark wasted no time. Lisa cleaned the fake cock, removing her own cum. With it cleaned, Rose took it off and gave it to Mistress, who put it on. 

"I'm going to have Rose lick you now while I fuck her," Mistress said. "I want you to pay attention to the differences. Rose is a superb rug muncher. This is what you and Lisa should be striving for. You should practice this way with each other until you can do as well." She looked at Master and smiled. "With your Master's permission of course." 

Rose now tongued me as Lisa had, while she was fucked. The difference was immediately apparent; like night and day, summer and winter, pretenders and someone who truly worshiped cunt. Rose gave me four more orgasms in half the time, and only the fact her tongue went swirling up into my sheath to gather every drop of cream she could, kept my pussy from being a swampy morass for the rest of the day. Never did I notice any difference in her technique or concentration as Mistress Dark possessed her pussy. The whole time, I clung to Master's hand so tightly, his fingers became white. Master smiled at me and the pleasure I took. 

"Do you understand the difference now, Slave?" Mistress Dark asked me. 

"Yes, Mistress." 

She ordered me to the floor and took the seat. I expected to be ordered to attempt licking her as Rose licked me, but she only wished to speak to us. 

"I'm going to tell you a little about the BDSM club we're attending today. It's a members only club and the only way to enter is with another member as a guest. The only way you can join is be nominated by a member and then voted on by the entire membership after you and your subs have made five visits, post nomination. During those visits, you must surrender your subs without reservation to the entire membership for whatever they wish, save permanent marking. I'm not nominating you for membership at this time, so that won't apply to you. 

"For todays visit, I'm attending a board meeting and it will be approximately an hour long. None of you may attend this meeting for the board of directors. Your slaves will be given a timer which they will wear around their neck. At the conclusion of the board meeting a one hour timer starts counting down. During the countdown, either you or your slave may refuse any offer for sex or punishment given by another club member. If you've not left the club before the timer expires, neither of you may refuse an offer of sex or punishment for your slaves. This will give you an opportunity to look around and decide if you wish to remain. Of course, by looking around, you expose your slave to the attention of the other members who may want to make use of them. This usually means your slave will be very busy at the end of the hour. 

"The exceptions are this. If your slave is wearing white panties, her cunt or ass can't be used. It's unusual, but not unheard of for a slave to be so attired; usually due to menses, or she's not on birth control for some reason and is fertile. Owners like to control their slaves reproduction themselves. The other exception is also for temporary guests. You can restrict the punishment of your slave only in the manner of their marking. No marking permitted, which will usually be a spanking or something similar which will quickly fade, limited marking, ten to twenty stripes or welts which may not fade for a few days, and unlimited, in which case the marking may cause bruising or similar marks which may last for a week or more. Some members are more attracted to the sexual aspects of the club, around 70%, I'd say, and 30% more attracted to the punishment aspects. If you become a member, you can't restrict the punishment of your slave except as to permanent marking. Of course, most of the members will tend to respect the wishes of the slave's owners regarding how they wish their slaves to be marked, but not all do. I usually wish to restrict Rose to limited markings, but she has returned from the club with markings which lasted for well over a week." 

I looked at Rose, a delicate bloom, currently with my cum on her face, her lovely body, so fair, and imagined her with a bottom paddled black and blue. 

"I imagine you have some questions or comments," Mistress Dark said, "so ask away." 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"I did not bring panties for my own slave," Master said. "If we choose to stay past the hour, I'd like her attired in them. Lisa, you're going there to practice sucking real male cocks, but I leave a decision as to whether or not you can be fully fucked up to you. Do you want to be white or red silk tonight?" 

"How long will we remain there?" Lisa asked. 

"Two hours past the board meetings conclusion," Mistress Dark replied. "One hour in which either you or Scott can refuse an offer of sex or punishment, one hour of which you'll be fair game for anyone who wants you. I can provide clean panties for Julia." 

Lisa thought for a moment. "I'll go as red silk." Lisa would be fucked today by strangers. 

"What of the plug in Lisa's ass?" Master asked. "We haven't fully prepared her ass for fucking yet?" 

"Members will respect the plug and won't remove it except at the request of the slave or her owner." 

"How do we let members know what type of marking is being allowed on the slaves?" Master asked. 

"It's written on their tits and asses with a black marker which washes off with a special soap," Mistress responded. "Of course, with unlimited, there needs to be no writing. It's assumed a slave without writing is available for unlimited punishment." 

"What if we wish to leave the club before the timer expires?" Master asked. "Maybe it's not for us." 

"I'll give you a spare key to my vehicle and you can wait out there. I only plan on staying for the two hours after the board meeting, so you'd have to find some way to amuse yourselves while waiting outside. I don't foresee that being a problem with a beautiful naked slave at your beck and call." 

"Do either of you have any further questions?" Master asked Lisa and I. 

"I believe Master asked all the questions this slave might have had," I said, Lisa nodding in agreement. 

Master looked at both of his slaves, a questioning look in his eyes. "I'd like to go, sir, if only to see what a BDSM club is like. We can choose to stay or not once we've seen it," I said. 

"It's part of my training, sir," Lisa said. "I might as well see what I'm getting myself into." 

"Very well," Master said. "What time do we leave?" 

"At four. Expect approximately 45 minutes driving time. There will be food and refreshments served, so you don't need to worry about nourishment or washing the cum from your mouth. Rose, please get Julia some white panties. Lisa will be naked." 

Rose jumped up in response and soon returned with my panties. They were sheer. Even if I could not be used, Masters would want to see. Of course, I wouldn't be putting them on until we reached the club, so Master put them in his pocket. 

"While you're waiting to leave, why don't you take a look around," Mistress said. 

I hadn't seen much yesterday while I was here, so I took her offer to wander. Rose went with me to answer any questions. Master remained talking to Lisa about her training thus far. Mistress needed to dress to leave the residence, Slut going to assist her as needed. 

As I wandered around, I asked questions about what I was looking at, though Master had included many furniture items in his own creation. I also asked Rose questions about herself and the club. 

"You're very good at licking cunt," I said. "You gave me four wonderful orgasms. Thank you." 

"You're welcome. I enjoyed it." 

"Do you consider yourself bisexual? Master said you were offered to him when he came here to learn." 

"No, I'm definitely a lesbian. If given a choice by my Mistress, I would never touch a real cock. I'm not given a choice." 

"Why aren't you bisexual then?" 

"Because I'm not and never have been attracted to men. I mean, I know your Master is handsome, but I'd never want him to fuck me. I'd much prefer to fuck you. Sexuality isn't really determined by who you have sex with, but by who you <em>want</em> to have sex with. Take people in prison for instance. I'm sure men have sex with other men in prison, only because there aren't women there to have sex with. They still have sexual needs and so they use other men to satisfy them. Once they leave prison, they won't have sex with men again. They have no desire to. You've licked cunt now. Are you a lesbian because you've licked cunt?" 

"I guess not." 

"Are you bisexual?" 

"I thought I must be, as I'm doing both." 

"Do you want to lick my cunt as much as you want your Master to fuck you?" 

"No." 

"Then I doubt you're a true bisexual. You're going to be sharing your Master with another female slave. Your Master will probably allow you or make you have sex with her. Most men like seeing two women engaged in sex; twice as many cunts and boobs to watch. If it reaches the point where you crave her cunt as much as your Master's cock, I would call you bisexual, otherwise you're just a heterosexual made to have sex with women. As a sex slave, you will find your arousal increasing and sometimes another female may be what gets you across the line and anything that gets you off will be something you crave. But even wanting a girl to give you an orgasm is not the same as choosing one over a man if given the choice. If I need to cum bad, and all Mistress will allow is a cock, I'll take the cock, but I'd prefer the cunt. It's why I know I'm a lesbian." 

"I see. Have you been to the club before?" 

"Many times." 

"Do you like it?" 

"On the whole, I do. Sometimes, some of the members are too focused on punishment and I've come home much too bruised for my taste. It hasn't happened often, but it does happen. Of course, I must satisfy the men as well as the women, which is not my preference. But I'm much better at licking cunt than sucking cock, so I'll tend to get more women using me than men. They prefer to have an expert cock sucker working them over. But some men like the humiliation and punishment angle of making me suck their prick or fucking me in the cunt or ass. It gives them pleasure to make me do so because I'd prefer not to, whether or not I'm very good at it." 

"How do they know you'd prefer a woman?" 

"I have a Mistress. If I preferred men, I'd have a Master." This made sense to me. I would not have wanted a Mistress. I only dreamed about strong Masters, not strong women. 

"How do you like punishment in general?" I asked. 

"I enjoy a light spanking or even a whipping. Something that gets my ass a little red and warmed up. I doubt you can enter a submissive relationship without enjoying punishment to some extent. I don't like the Enforcer, and I hate the cane, but I don't give Mistress an excuse to use it on me. Some men at the club love the cane. Those are the worst times I've been there. It can be days before I can sit down again. What about you?" 

"Last night, I purposely orgasmed three times without Master's permission. Something about being here yesterday triggered it. I received thirty swats for each offense, thirty with his hand, thirty with the whip, and thirty with the Enforcer. I kept urging him to hit me harder until I could barely stand it. I climaxed while he used the whip on me," I said. 

"Does he like to punish you?" 

"I don't know if he likes it, as much as he's using it to give me the full experience. Until last night, he's never struck me particularly hard. It hurts, but a couple hours is usually the longest I've still felt it." 

"That's the way I prefer it," Rose said. "Couple hours, boom, done. Mistress said you're doing this temporarily. Three or four weeks, something like that. How do you like it so far?" 

"I've loved everything that's happened so far." 

"If you've loved everything, you'll probably want it to continue. It gets in your blood. It's hard to stop once you start if you like it." 

"It's one of the things I worried about before I started. That I'd want it to continue when it was done. I think it would be hard to do full time though. We have a normal life otherwise." 

"Maybe not as hard as you think. Of course with Mistress doing this all the time, using us as part of her business, it's relatively easy for us, but I know of others in more normal situations who still exist as full time slaves." 

"Thank you, Rose, for showing me around and talking to me about your experiences. Would it be okay if I kissed you?" 

"I would love a kiss," Rose said. 

"So far, I've really only licked women's cunts. I've never really kissed a woman but a couple times in college and neither of us knew what we were doing. I want to know what it's like." 

Rose enfolded me in her arms and we kissed breast to breast as her tongue took my mouth the way she took my pussy. It was very nice. Her lips were soft and moist and more gentle in a way. I was breathless when we stopped. 

"You've still got some of my cum around your mouth," I said. I licked my thumb and started to wipe some away. 

"Don't," she said. "I like it there. It smells faintly of you." 

I blushed and she laughed. 

"It's time to leave, girls, come along," Mistress Dark said. 

Rose led me to the garage, where Mistress had a large panel van. It had seats in the front, but no seats other than those. Instead, Slut and Rose climbed in the back and there was a contraption for each of them. Mistress fastened their necks, wrists and legs down in a crouching, hands and knees position. When they were fastened down, she swiveled an arm with a penis gag into their mouths, and adjusted another arm in the back which inserted a big dildo into their cunts. They couldn't move forward or back more than an inch due to being stuffed at both ends. Mistress put Lisa there too, explaining it was still part of her training. 

"What is this thing? Master asked. I wanted to know too. 

"It's a type of stockade," Mistress Dark said. "I call it the Stuffed and Stuck Stockade and I use it primarily for transporting my slaves. The vibrations of travel are quite stimulating to them." I could see why. "Would you like your own slave in one? There's no seat for her otherwise." 

"By all means," he said. 

I got wet again, instantly. I climbed in and Mistress fastened me down, Master watching with interest. I wondered if this was another device he intended to build soon. The penis gag went into my mouth, about five inches long and an inch and a half wide. My mouth started watering and I realized I'd probably spend much of the trip drooling. 

"If you suck on the penis, dear," Mistress Dark said, "you'll get some nice cold water through it for when you get thirsty." 

I tried it and did indeed, get a cool drink. Much cooler than cum anyways. 

Mistress Dark asked, "Do you want her stuffed in one or both?" 

I couldn't turn my head to see what she was doing, but Master said, "Both." I felt lubricant being spread on the puckered star of my ass, and shortly thereafter, two dildo's penetrated me, one in my cunt, the other in my ass. Stuffed and Stuck for sure. If I didn't have the penis gag in me, I could have really fucked myself, but not much movement was allowed in my position, so I could move little more than an inch either forward or back. Still, I knew I was in for an interesting ride. Master and Mistress got in the van and I heard Mistress tell Master to put on a mask I assumed she handed him. 

We set out and during the 45 minute drive, I orgasmed six times. From the sounds of the other slaves around me, I wasn't the only one to be enjoying the ride. The road vibrations and every movement and turn caused sensual sensations to swirl throughout my body. I found myself sucking on the cock more when I had my orgasms, trained by the Slave Trainer to be pleasuring someone when I had an orgasm. I wasn't pleasuring the fake cock, but sucking on it was the natural tendency when I climaxed. It kept me from getting too dry as I drooled on the chubby gag. 

After we arrived, Mistress Dark released us, back end first, then the front, finally the straps around our necks, wrists and ankle. All of us had cum running down our legs. Master smiled at me. I suspected a Stuffed and Stuck Stockade was in my future, though not so much for transportation as much as to keep me in place. 

Master handed me my sheer white panties and I knew many new strangers would be seeing me naked for the first time, and unless Master left early, I would be subject to sucking many more cocks and spanked by hands other than his. When we were all standing outside the van, she handed all the slaves a harness of some type. Lisa and I watched as Rose and Slut fastened it around their necks and then down their backs, then we did the same. Mistress fastened their wrist cuffs to the lowest D ring on the harness. There were several others extending up their backs so our wrists could be fastened higher. Master had to ask Mistress Dark for additional leather cuffs for me, since Lisa had mine. All I had were my gold bracelets. Mistress Dark was always well prepared and had black leather cuffs in a bin in the back. She also gave me cuffs for my ankles. Master fastened my wrist cuffs to the back of the harness. Apparently, slaves had no need of hands. 

"These are nice harnesses," Mistress Dark said. "They can go in the back or front, allow you to hook wrist and ankle cuffs at various positions, essentially trussing the slave up like a turkey. You'll see all the slaves wearing one of these, though some may be in the front depending upon what the owner intends doing with the slave." 

She led us to the door of the establishment, a quite imposing Victorian style house. Knocking, she waited for the door to be opened, and it was, by another naked slave girl, she only had one hand hooked to her harness so she could open and close the door. 

"Mistress Dark with one guest and four slaves," she said. 

"Please make your way to intake, Mistress." 

"Thank you, slave." 

Mistress led us to a window. A naked male at the window took Master's cell phone and personal information. He gave him a receipt. "Don't lose this receipt, sir. It's difficult to reclaim your phone unless you have it." All of the slaves were given a small square box that hung from a ring on the neck collar of our harness. 

"This is the timer," Mistress Dark said. "It's blank now because the timer doesn't start until the end of the board meeting. When it goes down to zero, your slave will be instantly available to anyone who wants her, subject only to the restrictions I discussed earlier and who's got her first. Use this marker please, to identify the restrictions of your slaves." 

Master took the marker and wrote 'No marking' in large letters on my breasts. He pulled down my panties and wrote the same thing on my ass, pulling them back up after. Since the panties were sheer, you could read the letters right through the material. He did the same for Lisa. 

Mistress led us to a room filled with lockers, and told Master he could put his clothes in one if he wanted, and wear the key to the locker around his neck. "Some of the dominants maintain one item of clothing to identify their status, but I think it's foolish, since all the slaves have harnesses." She removed all of her clothes and Master chose to do the same. He had nothing to be ashamed of. 

Mistress Dark led us to a room where we could wait until the meeting concluded. She asked Master to look after her slaves in the interim. She told us we could wander around if we wished, but keep her slaves nearby. She said people might ask to use her slaves prior to the timers starting, and she had no objection to her slaves being used if they wished. It was up to them, but most of the members wouldn't be showing up for another hour. I suggested to Master that since Rose and Slut had been here before, we use them as guides to show us around. Master thought it was an excellent suggestion. 

So Slut and Rose led us to various rooms in the house and explained the functions they were primarily used for. There were obvious punishment rooms where whips and chains abounded, everything need to secure a slave and punish them severely. I noticed it was not just female slaves either. There weren't many people here, but some of the members had male slaves only, their owners either male or female. Some had both female and male slaves. Some of the males had something on their cocks. I asked Slut what they were. 

"Those are cock cages. They prevent the slave from having an erection without suffering a great deal of pain. It would be similar to a chastity belt for females." 

I winced, imagining Master's magnificent cock trapped in one of those contraptions. Master winced as well. I noticed more female owners of male slaves kept their cocks in cages than male owners. I supposed the female owners didn't want their slaves sticking their cocks in anything they didn't want them to. 

There were also rooms designed primarily for fucking, with beds, or sex slings or other furniture designed to present the slave in the best position for sex. One room had wall-to-wall mattresses which Rose said was primarily used for orgies. She said if you were in the room, you could essentially be fucked by anyone, male or female. 

"Remind me to stay out of that room," Master said. I laughed. I couldn't picture Master with another man. He was definitely female centric. There was a room with glory holes, where men could stick their cocks through a hole and have it sucked by an anonymous slave. Rose said some owners used the holes to punish their slaves. She said you wouldn't know whether it was a man or woman sucking your cock. It could be either. She also said she heard some of the male slaves were the best cock suckers. 

"Why?" I asked. 

"Because they understand cocks better than we do. Just as I understand cunts because I have one. You'd be hard pressed to find any man who can lick cunt as well as I do, but half the women slaves here can do as well as I can. I'm sure if your Master lets you have enough practice, you'll be a special cunt licker because you know what it's like to have one and what feels good to you. The same with the male slaves. They understand cocks." 

We went to another punishment specific room. There were a couple devices in there I didn't understand. I asked Rose about one of them. 

"That's a horse," she said. "Stay away from it and owners who like to use it." 

"What does it do?" I asked. 

"A female slave is placed over the bar and it's adjusted so she can barely touch the floor on tiptoe. Of course, your legs get tired from standing on tiptoe for too long and you have to rest, but only by putting your weight on the bar, which crushes your cunt. It's quite painful. As soon as you can't take it any longer, you stand on your toes again, but you can't for long, so you go back and forth between aching legs and feet and a sore cunt. Fortunately, most people here are unwilling to use it, but there are some. At least this bar is flat on the top. I understand some have a beveled edge. In the Middle Ages, they used these with blades on the top to torture and kill women." 

I shuddered, as did Lisa. Slut didn't seem nearly as revolted as the rest of us; Master said she tolerated pain quite well. Master was scowling as well, so I doubted this would be anything I'd ever have to face. Of course, if I couldn't trust him to love and care for me, I would never have agreed to be his slave. 

At some point, I had a moment alone with Rose and asked her if she would ask my Master to fuck her. 

"Why?" She asked. 

"He won't ask you. He doesn't want my slavery to be an excuse to fuck other women. I've convinced him that fucking a slave isn't being unfaithful to me, which is why he's considered accepting Lisa. He still won't ask you, so I'd like you to ask him. I'll tell him it's okay. I'd like him to fuck you if he fucks anyone else here." 

Rose considered my request. "I'll likely end up fucking some man after the timer goes off, and I would prefer your Master to many others. I'll ask him to take me as soon as the timer ends. In return, I want to spend some time with you, with our owners permission. At least two hours. Do you agree?" 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
"I would agree to your request," I replied. 

Not five minutes later, a man approached Rose and asked her if she'd like to fuck. "Thank you for your offer, Master, but my Mistress asked me to show these people around to see what the club offers. Another time perhaps." He turned to me and asked if I wanted to suck his cock. I was white silk after all. Rose was red. Without even checking with Master, I said, "I appreciate your offer as well, but I'm learning about this place and am not quite ready to explore others yet. I suspect the others feel as I do," I said. "They're either learning or showing us around. Check back later if we're still here, sir." 

It kept him from asking the other two and he left and we proceeded with our inspection. Shortly after, a red sixty flashed on our collars and started counting down. 

"The meeting must be over," Slut said. "We should go back to the room Mistress left us in. She'll be looking for us." 

We returned to the room where Mistress Dark had left us. It had a number of comfortable looking chairs and lots of cushions for slaves to kneel on. We weren't allowed to sit like our Masters. Mistress Dark was there. 

"Nice visit so far?" She asked. 

"Quite instructive," Master said. "Some of the equipment borders on torture." 

"We do have a small number of sadists and masochists here," Mistress Dark admitted. "They tend to associate primarily with each other, but the SM of BDSM caters to them. Occasionally, they'll wander out and pick up another toy to play with. That's who punished Rose so severely. Fortunately, it doesn't happen often, but it does happen. You may want to fasten Lisa to the post out there in the middle of the room. People will start to approach her before the timer goes off, but she can pick and choose who she serves, and still get prepared for the end of the timer." 

"Lisa?" Master asked. 

"I might as well, sir. Mistress Dark is right. It will be easier to get in the spirit of the evening by choosing who I want to fuck at first." 

"Let me feed and water you first," Master said. "I doubt you'll get anything but cum to eat after you start." 

"Thank you, sir. I appreciate that." 

All of us slaves had our hands confined, so were unable to feed ourselves. Master and Mistress got a large plate of hand foods and water for us, then fed and watered us. There was cubes of ham, slices of roast beef, cheese, chips, crackers, dips, even chunks of steak. Master concentrated on the proteins for his two slaves, washed down with water. There was also alcohol, but Mistress didn't recommend it for us as we would dehydrate easier. Master and Mistress Dark could eat any time they wished, so focussed on feeding us. 

When Lisa was finished eating, Master fastened her to a leash hanging from a pole in the middle of the room. It was long enough she could lie down or kneel, depending on who wanted to use her and for what. She immediately had two takers, both male, approaching her and asking to use her. I was flabbergasted when she took them both at once, the smaller cock in her mouth and the larger one in her cunt. I'd imagined serving one person at a time, but she realized both holes were open and offered and accepted. I became damp watching her taking it on both ends, like the stockade, but stuffed with live cocks rather than dildos. 

"I'm going to stay here and keep an eye on Lisa," Master said, "make sure nothing too bad happens to her. I leave it to you to decide if you wish to go back to the vehicle before your timer runs out." 

"Would Master be greatly offended if his slave decided to remain?" I asked. 

"I wouldn't have offered you the choice if I didn't want you to have it," Master said. "This is your fantasy." 

"Then I'd like to stay, Master." 

Rose took that moment to speak to Master. "Master Rivers. This slave knows when the timer ends she will be required to fuck someone, probably a male. I would prefer it be you as opposed to someone else. Would you do the honor of fucking me as soon as the timer expires." 

"You should, Master," I said. "She's a slave like Lisa intends to be and fucking her will not be an act of infidelity anymore than fucking Lisa would be. And if she has to fuck someone and would prefer it to be you, why not?" 

Master turned to Mistress and asked her if she would have any objection to him fucking Rose. "I offered her to you before. I had no objection then, I wouldn't now. Plus, neither of us can refuse a request after her timer goes off." 

So Master agreed to fuck Rose. "If Master desires, I would like his cock to be the first one I suck tonight," I said. "May I?" His cock was already semi-hard from watching the other activities in the room. Lisa wasn't the only one being fucked right now. Slut had agreed to lick another woman's cunt and we could see her a few feet away eagerly lapping at a hairy pussy. 

"I'd like that very much, slave," he said. 

So while Rose licked Mistress Dark's cunt right beside us, I sucked Master's dick. In five minutes he was surrendering his seed to my hungry mouth. Since we only had seven minutes left on our timers, I kept sucking his cock to make him hard again for Rose. Master didn't disappoint, and once our timers went off, he had Rose mount him and ride to her own satisfaction. Master would take longer to orgasm now, so he'd keep Rose occupied for a fairly substantial amount of time. 

Before taking over licking Mistress Dark's pussy, I glanced at Lisa. She was no longer able to refuse anyone and she had another guy fucking her cunt while she licked a Mistress's furry pussy. 

There was a guy waiting in line after I'd given Mistress an orgasm and he'd apparently fucked someone recently. His cock was covered in cum, both male and female. It took a long time for him to orgasm again, by which time I'd thoroughly cleaned his dick. Another woman had me after. She had a full bush, and it was the first person I'd ever licked who did. I found I preferred my pussy less like shredded wheat and more like raw oysters. Lisa had two men using her again. Master was eating and sipping a glass of champagne while he kept an eye on me. I didn't have time to look for Rose and Slut because another cock was demanding my attention. 

I recognized him as one of the men who'd fucked Lisa before the timers expired, the one in her cunt, the one with the larger cock. I didn't taste female cum on his cock, so I suspected I wasn't the first mouth he'd used since her. I couldn't use my hands at all and he held my head and roughly fucked my throat with his large cock. It took him a while to cum and I was having trouble breathing. He was forcing himself so deep down my throat and keeping his cock down me so long. Master stood up like he might intervene, but Mistress Dark put her hand on his arm and stayed him. It was just as well. The man knew just when to let me breathe and he finally orgasmed down my throat. I didn't even taste his cum he was so deep. 

The next man wanted to paddle my bottom. He bent me over his lap and pulled my panties down. He moved my cuffs to a higher fastening on my back so my hands wouldn't be in the way and walloped my bottom hard. I thought Master had spanked me hard last night. This man spanked me twice as hard and I was sobbing and crying before he finished. I was still aroused by the spanking and I wondered if I was a bit of pain slut. I'd always felt like a baby before, whining at the smallest ache or pain, but perhaps it only required the accompanying sex to release the slut in me. 

When he finished with me, another cock was thrust in my mouth, this one thankfully smaller than the last one. When he finally unloaded in my mouth, it was time to go. Master collected Lisa and me and walked us into locker room where he put on his clothes. Mistress Dark was putting hers on as well. He commented on the redness of my ass. I wasn't surprised. I'm sure it was still lobster red. He asked Lisa how many times she'd been fucked and she said six cocks in her cunt and four in her mouth, plus two cunts. It looked like it. No one had bothered to wipe her down and cum was dripping from her cunt in large clumps. Her hair was a mess. It looked like at least one of the cocks she sucked left some of their load on her face, plus she had the girl cum around her mouth. Neither Rose or Slut looked much better. Maybe a little less male ejaculate dripped from their cunts, some from their asses and more female cum covered their faces. Slut's bottom had a few more cane welts than she walked in with. Rose's looked better, used more for fucking than punishing. Female slaves were well used at the club. 

There was a wash basin and a stack of towels in the locker room. Master soaked a towel in some warm water and tenderly wiped Lisa's face and groin of the huge mess, cleaning her as well as he could. We had nothing to wear, we were naked slaves. Master turned in his receipt and received his phone back. 

We were once again loaded into the back of the van, Master giving my panties back to Mistress Dark. I climaxed almost as many times on the return trip as I did coming here. I drank more water, the taste of cum in my mouth so strong. I heard the others slurping down their water too. I wasn't the only one to swallow more than a little cum. 

When we reached Mistress Dark's, Master declined staying longer. He asked for two of the harnesses we'd worn at the club, and a top for Lisa. I put on my cheerleader outfit. Master paid Mistress Dark for the two harnesses and for Lisa's training and thanked her for the educational moment at the club. Lisa sat in the front on the same shawl I sat on yesterday so she wouldn't get cum all over the seat. Her seat was leaned back so I sat behind Master. 

"Lisa," Master said. "It's been 24 hours of slavery for you. Given all you've experienced in the last day, do you still want to submit to me for the next two weeks?" 

"Do you foresee yourself joining that club, sir?" 

"No, I do not. I doubt I will even visit again." 

"If my experience was like the club every day, I'd say no. I didn't mind my time at Mistress Dark's place. I didn't mind licking cunt and learning to deep throat cock nor even the punishments she imposed. But at the club I felt like little more than a slab of meat. I would not anticipate you treating me that way. I don't trust the people there the way I trust you. Some of it scared me, the horse for one and canings for another. If you treat me the same as you treat Julia, I will willingly submit to you." 

"Did you feel the same way about the club, slave?" 

"Yes, Master. I'd go back if you wanted me to, but I prefer your brand of slavery to the club. The man who spanked me struck me twice as hard as you did last night, which is the hardest you've ever struck me and I was asking you to hit me harder. It's not your natural inclination to strike me. I would say it was something to take in small doses, if you wished to return." 

"Then we're all agreed. I wasn't fond of it either. Another question for you slave. Did you arrange for Rose to fuck me?" 

"Yes, Master, did you enjoy it?" 

"She showed the right amount of enthusiasm, but you can tell she's not really into cock." 

"She told me she's a lesbian." 

"Why did you want her to fuck me?" 

"I wanted to give you something, Master, and I like her. She's a lovely girl." 

"She is that. Did you promise her anything?" 

"Two hours at a time of our owners choosing." Master laughed. 

"Well, Lisa, if you're sure you wish to submit, you might as well spend the night. I suggest a thorough shower tonight for both of you before you go to bed." 

"Thank you, Master," Lisa said. "Would you mind overmuch if I showed the proper appreciation tomorrow. I'm pretty sore tonight." 

"No. I have no objection. I'm sure you're tired and sore." 

"I'm not, Master," I piped up from the rear seat. "No one's fucked me since lunch." 

Master laughed again. "I have just the thing for you then." 

"I was hoping you might." 

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 10|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-10|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<em>Now that Scott is in possession of two slaves, he decides Lisa needs slave clothes. Another visit to the Department Store where Gwen asks questions, followed by a surprise request. This chapter contains oral and anal intercourse, lesbian sex, public sex, and masturbation. STD's are not a problem in this particular fantasy world.</em> 

<strong>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 10 - Week Two, Part One</strong> 

SCOTT 

I am now in possession of a second slave for two weeks. Lisa took a shower and went to bed, after we changed plugs for the largest size. She slept naked as was expected of slave girls. I would be sleeping between two naked slaves tonight. Since my own little slave still craved some of her Master, we left Lisa alone in the bedroom while we went into the living room. I sat on the couch and my slave sucked my cock until I was hard. 

"Master," she said, "It's been a couple days since you've fucked my ass. I would be pleased if you take me there tonight." 

"You've discovered it's not so bad having anal sex, have you? We don't have any lube with us." 

"Lubricate yourself in my cunt. I'm very wet, sir." 

I bent her over the top of the couch and plunged into her pussy, making her gasp in pleasure; finding she was as wet as she said she was, and wet was perhaps an understatement. I slid back and forth several times, coating my cock in her juices. 

"I've discovered a lot about myself during my slavery, sir. Despite being a slave, it's very freeing. Aahhhh," she moaned. "Fuck me!" 

Since I was fucking her, I believed she meant I was to fuck her harder, or perhaps faster. So I did both, compelling another moan of pleasure. How miserable if I were suddenly struck deaf and could no longer hear the sounds she made during sex. 

"What have you discovered about yourself?" 

"How much my upbringing, perhaps the upbringing of most women, denies us our sexuality. We're not supposed to enjoy sex this much. 'Good girls' don't. They don't suck cock except with distaste. They don't get fucked in the ass and love it. They can't cum too much, nor show the world how slutty they are. Our inner slut must be suppressed, or we're 'bad girls'. Oh, fuck me, I need to cum. Please let me cum, Master," she pleaded. 

"Cum for me." 

She sighed in relief and my cock was freshly bathed as she clasped it tightly in her spasming muscles. So fucking beautiful, such a marvelous cunt. I should have no problem with lubrication now. I pulled out. 

"Don't stop, Master, fuck me more." 

"I thought you wanted me to fuck your ass." 

"Yes, please, sir. Put your prick up my ass. Fuck your slave's bottom. Cum in my rectum, Master." 

Placing my soaked dick against her puckered opening, I started slowly sliding in. She suddenly pushed backward, completely engulfing my cock, whimpering. So much for slow and gentle. 

"So, finish your explanation. You were saying." I rocked out and in again, thrusting my hips up. 

"I had a married girlfriend tell me she never sucked her husband's cock," she moaned, "ever. If he wanted his cock sucked, she said, the Hoover Vacuum was in the hall closet. Myself, I liked sucking your cock, but I denied you the pleasure of swallowing your cum because it was icky. 'Good girls' don't swallow cum. We can't enjoy it that much. It's not right. It's immoral. Fuck my ass, sir. You're going to make me cum again." 

I sped up. "And." 

"I mustn't dress provocatively. I mustn't show my breasts or my cunt. I have to hide my body, disguise my sexuality." 

"Not without some reason," I said. "In our society, blatant sexuality such as that sometimes invites rape. If you dress like that, often your rapist isn't convicted, because you invited it." 

"Master, please let me cum. Please let me cum." 

"You may cum, slave." 

She sighed and said, "Ooohhhhh, Master. It feels so good. I love your cock fucking my ass. " 

"I enjoy fucking your tight little ass, slave. Please continue." 

"Isn't rape under any circumstances, a form of theft, sir. They are stealing from me what is mine. Mine to give to who I want. Or even yours, now we're married. You're not excused from stealing if you steal from someone who drives a nice car, or lives in a big house, or has a fancy boat. Because someone has the wealth to flaunt, doesn't give you the right to steal their things because they didn't hide it. If I love my body and work hard to make myself look good and want to flaunt what I've worked so hard for, should I be held responsible if someone steals it. My sexuality isn't any less mine because I show it off. Why condemn the victim?" 

"You shouldn't. But it happens." 

"But it's wrong. Here's what slavery has taught me. Once you 'owned' me, I cannot be a 'good girl'. I cannot hide behind societal norms. My Master won't let me. He expects me to look good for him. He wants a slut. Nothing less than someone who embraces her sexuality, who wants to get fucked, enjoys being fucked, even in the ass, who will smile at him as she swallows his cum. A slave who tries to ensure her Master is satisfied in all the ways he can be satisfied. Who will withhold nothing from him, surrender fully who she is and all she has. Who will dress to please him whether in slutty cheerleader outfits, or nothing at all. It's released me from all that's held me back from being a wanton, beautiful, sexual animal. A Master wants a 'bad girl'. But he owns me. I give my all to him and to those he wants to give it to. I don't belong to anyone else. They cannot take what they do not own; cannot steal what belongs to my Master. I was owned first by myself and now by you. Rape is taking what is owned by you. It cannot matter how I dress or how I act. I am yours, not theirs. Oh, Master, you make me cum again. Please let me cum." 

"Wait," I said. "I'm close myself. I want you to cum with me." 

"Please don't make your slave wait too long. She has surrendered to you and cannot help being a lewd slut." 

Another minute or more I pumped my cock into her ass. Her thrashing became more uncontrolled, unrestrained, as her release was delayed, held back. Her moans of pleasure music to my ears. 

"I cannot wait much longer, Master. If you don't cum soon, you shall have to punish your disobedient slave." 

Three more strokes and I was there, spurting hotly into her bottom. "Cum, slave," I groaned, and her whole body tightened and her back bowed as she convulsed around me. She cried out, almost howling, as her body unwound the tension built up by our fucking. Today had been a relatively slow day for me, and several hours since I climaxed in Rose. Six or seven hot, hard spouts of cream flooded her rectum, before the tightening pressure of her convulsing anal ring pulled the last few drops from my cock. Julia had collapsed over the back of the sofa, hanging limply. Only her breathing and the continuing shudders of her body signaling she was still alive. 

"Master," she moaned, "you have owned me." 

I reluctantly pulled my cock from her warm embrace, a small trail of cum following as her anus slowly closed after my invasion. She suddenly stood, turned and held me, kissing me passionately, wildly. 

"I'm not sure I can be your wife again, Scott, after being your slave. Scott gave me the freedom to be the person I thought I was. My Master molded me to the person I want to be. His and only his. His willing and eager slave who can deny him nothing. Please sit. Be comfortable." 

I sat down and watched as she went into the kitchen and rinsed a towel, returning with it. She lovingly, carefully, washed my cock, cleaning me of her. When she finished, she took me in her mouth and slowly sucked me back to hardness. 

"I was loathe doing this for you before, Scott. Your wife was not the unrestrained, shameless woman you deserved. You have released me, unchained me. Let me do as a slave what I never wanted to do as your wife." 

Julia proceeded to give me the best blow job she ever had. Gentle, complete, lavishing her devotion on every inch of my cock, all the while watching me, staring at me with her blue eyes. Cupping and massaging my balls, attempting to coax the last drop of cum from my body, she slowly bobbed up and down my shaft, lips and tongue adoring me, sucking softly. I would have thought it would take fifteen minutes or more to milk what was left of me from by sack. The love and adoration in her eyes proved too much for me. In half the time, I gave a strangled groan and delivered up whatever scraps remained and she smiled as she lovingly siphoned every drop I had to give and swallowed it all. 

She climbed into my lap and kissed me again and I tasted myself on her. Cuddling against my chest, she murmured, "My Master. There is nothing you can ask, I am unwilling to give." 

Julia fell asleep in my arms, my naked slave girl. I picked her up and carried her to the bedroom, clinging loosely to my neck and cooing. Lisa was sprawled out, used to sleeping alone. I laid Julia on the edge of the bed and nudged Lisa to the other side. Walking around the bed again, I pushed Julia toward the middle. She felt the heat next to her and snuggled against Lisa, curling around her back. Lisa pushed back, rubbing her rump against Julia's groin. I felt my cock stir again, though thankfully, not to an erection. Too soon for that. It was easy to see this might be a very interesting couple of weeks. I climbed in behind Julia and spooned her, putting my arm over the both of them. A very interesting two weeks indeed. 

****** 

I woke up the next morning to the most extraordinary sensation of someone sucking my cock while another someone was licking and sucking my balls. I opened my eyes to see it was Lisa on my prick and Julia on my jewels. Julia noticed me looking first. 

"Good morning, Master. Your two slaves wish to know if we must both swallow your cum in order to avoid total nudity today, or if one will be sufficient for us both?" 

"I suspect making you both swallow might make me late for work most days," I replied. "I guess I'll have to be satisfied with one." 

"Excellent, sir. In that event, we'll take turns. Lisa will swallow today and I'll take care of you tomorrow. The second matter to discuss is this slave is the only one who has licked Lisa's delectable cunt. I believe Master should taste this girl and make her cum on your tongue. She should see how well her new Master cares for her and will reward her sexuality. If she may, might she sixty-nine with you?" 

"I'd be pleased to taste my new slave," I said. 

"Go ahead, Lisa. Let Master taste his new slave." 

Lisa swung a leg over my head and I started snacking on my new treat, receiving a lovely moan in response. She did indeed taste good, already aroused, her lips swollen with blood. 

"Doesn't she taste wonderful, Master." 

I grunted, my lips and tongue being otherwise occupied. Julia laughed. "I'll stop talking now, sir." She resumed nibbling my nuts. The feeling of both my body parts being orally stimulated had to be the most erotic sensation ever. Lisa was as skilled a fellatrix as Julia, easily taking all of my stiff prick, bobbing up and down the stalk. To have my other slave lovingly bathe my balls was over the top. I groaned. Shit! The two of them were going to make me cum and it hadn't been five minutes since I woke up. 

Redoubling my efforts on Lisa, I felt her start to squirm over me, hoping she might cum the same time as I did. It was close, but I believe I beat her to finish line and it was my hot cum splashing into her mouth that finished her off. 

"That's it, Master, pump her throat full of cum; see how warm and good it is." Julia was rubbing my sack and the bottom of my shaft, encouraging more to flow upward into Lisa's mouth. "You forgot to ask for permission to cum, slave. Master will have to punish you now. Keep sucking him, slave. If you make him hard again, you can have a nice, slow fuck. He won't cum too soon. He should be able to give you another three or four orgasms." 

Nothing like trying to live up to that promise. Before Lisa got me hard again, she had a second orgasm and this time she gasped out, "Master, may a slave cum." I removed my mouth long enough to say, "yes," and I felt more of her fluids grace my tongue as soon as I was on her again. 

Hard again, Julia made Lisa change positions and mount my cock. 

"Put me in her," I said. "Put my cock in your friends cunt." 

Julia's hand grabbed my prick and placed it at the mouth of Lisa's pussy. She sank down over my shaft and I groaned. Her cunt hadn't received a ton of attention lately and Lisa was exquisitely tight, the eight men yesterday unable to undo what eight and more months without sex had done. Heavenly. 

"Master has a big, powerful cock, Lisa; able to keep a slave well satisfied. You're going to love fucking him." 

You can't believe how strange it was to listen to my wife encouraging me to fuck her friend and for her friend to enjoy it. I'd been faithful for ten years with the intent of keeping all my wedding vows, and in the space of two days, I was fucking the second woman outside my marriage. Well, three, if you included Mistress Dark teaching Julia to deep throat, but I hadn't cum in her. Not only was I fucking someone else, but doing so with the active participation and encouragement of my wife. How quickly things can change. Julia resumed caressing my ball sack with her mouth, and every once in awhile, when I was barely in Lisa's pussy, she would lick the base of my stalk. 

Lisa was moaning and I encouraged it by thumbing and tweaking her stiff nipples. I got the first of many wicked ideas with the possibilities two naked slaves could make. 

"Julia, sit on my face and lick and suck Lisa's nipples." 

Her mouth left my sack and she said, "Yes, sir. Happily sir." 

Julia was more damp than Lisa was when I licked her, seemingly always ready to fuck since her slavery started. Her slick folds settled over my mouth and I delved deep in her cunt with my tongue. I couldn't see what she was doing, but Lisa quickly begged to cum. I lunged upward hard and she started screaming. 

"Fuck, oh, fuck! I can't believe what you're doing to me," she whimpered. "I'm cumming. Oh, God, I'm cumming and it won't stop." 

Her body had stiffened, almost a rigor mortis except for her pubic muscles clamped on my prick. Since she wasn't moving, I did, thrusting upward with my hips as she throbbed above me. 

My first slave started babbling as well, "Master, I need to cum. Please let me cum." I couldn't speak to her either, my tongue buried in her slit. I patted her hip twice, hoping she'd understand she had permission. I don't know what she thought, but she orgasmed anyway, depositing more girl cum on my tongue and lips. 

Lisa had resumed riding me again, no longer in the thralls of her climax and she was moaning to Julia. "Suck my nipples. It feels so good, don't stop." She was riding me faster, getting close again. I was still going strong, properly drained earlier. "Master, let me cum. Your slave needs to cum." Still busy, I patted Lisa's leg twice, hoping she got the message. It seemed she didn't, she kept begging for permission right up until she orgasmed, when her pleas turned to unintelligible mewls of pleasure. 

I stopped licking long enough to say, "In order to facilitate requesting and receiving permission to cum while your mouth is full, two taps on whatever part you can reach consists of a request, and two taps by me in return constitutes permission." I dived back into Julia's cunt. Not ten seconds later, Julia was tapping my leg. I tapped her buttocks in return and felt my face get wetter. 

I was finally reaching another peak and ready to cum soon. Lisa beat me to it, pleading again to cum. I tapped her leg twice and she moaned some more and she spasmed in rhythmic contractions that went on for a couple minutes, spurring my own release. I believe Lisa's pulsing went on past the time where my cock shrank and fell out of her, Julia still nibbling her breasts. I kept licking until Julia orgasmed again, drenching my face once more. 

"I may not survive two weeks of this," I groaned, finally extricating myself from beneath my two slaves. 

"But you'll die with a smile on your face, Master," Julia said. 

"A smile and a lot of your cum apparently," I laughed. 

Lisa knelt at my feet and kissed them. "You don't have to do that, Lisa," I said. 

"Master, I feel I do. Since my divorce, my sex life has practically been nil. The few times I've gone out, I felt like all the men cared about was getting themselves off and nothing about me. Even for the last couple years of my marriage, the sex was going to shit. Partly due to the disinterest of my husband, and later because he was fucking someone else. The last three years were essentially a barren wasteland without relief. You and Julia just made me cum more and harder in one morning than eight men fucking me did yesterday. If not for a vibrator, my pussy may have dried up and blown away. You've made me feel like a woman again and I'm so grateful to you for accepting me as your slave." 

She kissed Julia's feet as well. "Julia, I don't know how to thank you. I know how much you love Scott, how deeply you care for him and treasure him. The fact you would choose to share him with me makes me feel warmer and more loved than you'll ever realize. To know you would not only share him but help him to fuck me as you did this morning goes beyond friendship. I could thank you a hundred times a day for the next year and not express enough gratitude. My marriage, whatever it was, went to hell in a hand basket. Yours was strong and true and yet you were willing to share it. Whatever I have to give you is yours." 

"A month ago, Lisa, I could never have shared my husband, not in a million years. It would have been impossible to contemplate. But my husband offered me something I never expected. He allowed me to fulfill an ongoing fantasy of mine I've had for years, up to and including sharing me with other people, our friends, and even you. I could not share my husband, but I can share my Master. He's shown me what love looks like and it's not guarded and withdrawn. It's open and loving. His ability to rise above his own doubts and insecurities are what made this possible. You kissed the right feet when you kissed his first." She drew Lisa to her feet. 

"I suspect we will become even better friends than before. I doubt my Master will let any stone go unturned as he decides what to do with us. I'm glad it's you." She hugged her. 

She was right. Even as she spoke, I'd thought of ten to twenty variations of how three people could play. I said, "We need to eat. Why don't you two make breakfast. I need to think about this. I'm not sure I can continue to feed both of you. Maybe I take turns feeding you, like you're going to take turns earning your clothes. There's a few other things we need to do today. A certain slave doesn't have the right clothes and we certainly need to make arrangements for her to move over here. She needs her own collar and cuffs and needs to be punished for her cumming without permission. Chop, chop, slaves." I patted them on their butts to make them scurry into the kitchen. 

****** 

JULIA 

When I first saw Master's cock disappear deep in Lisa's cunt, I had qualms about what the hell I was doing. Master had never given me reason to doubt him, but I was letting him fuck our lovely, next door neighbor and my best friend. Lisa was cute as a button. Master had commented on her fairly frequently, wondering why some man wasn't snatching her up and I was giving him the opportunity to be that man. Yet, instead of jumping at the chance to claim her slavery, he'd been hesitant to accept, wanting her to go to Mistress Dark's for a day to contemplate the nature of her slavery. Did he recognize how much he was attracted to her and was giving us all a chance for her to back out. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
Nor had Lisa made any obvious plays for Scott, teasing, but always this side of respectable. Nevertheless, I saw his cock filling her as he'd only filled me before and got queasy in the pit of my stomach. I pushed down my fears and resumed licking his balls, and occasionally licking his cock, covered with her fluids, hoping he wouldn't forget his old slave for the fresh experiences of the new. 

I was so happy when he told me to ride his face and suck her tits, willing to give me orgasms the way he would give Lisa hers. We finished and I was extremely satisfied, more so when Lisa kissed mine and my Master's feet when she thanked us. At that moment, I believed everything would be all right and I had nothing to worry about. She did not strike me as someone who would try to take Master away from me, and perfectly willing to share with me as I'd shared with her. 

Both Lisa and I were starving. I assumed Master was as well. We made eight eggs scrambled with cheese and green onions, plus nine slices of thick cut bacon for the three of us, and nary a shred was left when we finished. Since I was the last one Master fed, he fed Lisa this time, finger fucking her after we ate. Finished, we all put everything away, clearing the table. 

"Lisa, for your first offense of cumming without permission, you earned thirty swats. Usually, the first offense for Julia is with my hand. Second and subsequent offenses are with either the whip or the Enforcer. You should have been exposed to all three at Dark's. I will let you choose this time." 

"Didn't I cum more than twice without permission, Master. I know I hadn't heard anything one time when I was pleading for it." 

"My mouth was busy in my other slave's cunt. I tapped your leg hoping you'd understand I was giving you permission before I told you what you could do. You had my permission each time but the first two." 

"The same applies to my infraction, Master?" Julia asked. "I didn't hear you give permission once either." 

"It applied to you too. You were all quite good about asking. I was delinquent in responding because my mouth was happy where it was. So, what's it to be?" 

"I only felt Mistress Dark's hand and don't know what yours is like, sir. I should like to know what I'm getting myself into when you use your hand on me." 

"Well, I'm stronger than Mistress, and my hand is bigger. I imagine I use less of my strength than she does. We'll let you feel my hand this time and you can decide later which you'd prefer in the future. I must say, I totally enjoy having a naked slave girl squirming over my lap when I spank her." 

So Lisa bent over Master's lap and he spanked her, quite hard I thought. She was silently weeping before he finished and her bottom was nice and red. Master was hard again when he finished. He really did enjoy squirming slave girls. He frequently got an erection spanking me. I was happy he chose me to satisfy him this time. I climbed over his lap and sat on his cock and he let me ride him while Lisa licked his balls. I had two more orgasms before he gasped and sent his seed into me. I let Lisa clean him off after. As much as I loved Master, it would be nice sharing that task with her. 

Then it was time for her second thirty. 

"Take the whip," I told her. "It's much better than the Enforcer." 

So Lisa asked for the whip, and Master put her onto the cross facing it, so all the blows would land on her back instead of her front. 

Master said we were going out for some things for the new slave and he replaced the glass ass plug she had in with the vibrating one. I suspected Lisa would find it as enjoyable as I did. Lisa left some clothes at our house when she stripped naked and was offered to Master. She was allowed to put on her top, but not her underwear or her slacks. Master didn't like anything between him and his slave's cunt. So bottomless, she scurried over to her house to get things for her to wear. Was it only Friday she'd asked to share Master and stripped? It seemed longer. She wasn't allowed any underwear of course, but she had some corsets, a couple garter belts, some stockings, and Master accepted some of her sluttier outfits as possibilities for her attire, but said we would need to go shopping for more appropriate slave attire. 

Once we found something suitable for Lisa to wear today, Master took us both to the shop where he'd made some of his previous purchases. It was the first time either of us had ever been there. I suspected it wasn't a place a lot of women hung out. It was fairly seedy and filled with mostly older men who were perusing the porn shelves. As one might expect, two sultrily attired attractive women gathered more than a little bit of attention at such an establishment. Master ignored it, but it was hard for Lisa and I to ignore as easily and we stayed close, hanging on to his arm. Master bought a red collar and cuffs for Lisa, so mine could be returned to me. The jewelry I'd received might identify me as a slave, but didn't allow for my wrists to be confined and bound or a leash attached to my collar. 

One of the men apparently knew the meaning of the collars and asked if Master shared his slaves. Please, Master, I thought, not this man. He was fat and smelled bad. 

Master looked around and said, "Where are your slaves?" 

"I don't have any," he replied. I wasn't surprised. What slave would want to align herself with such a disreputable looking Master. 

"If you don't have any slaves to share with me in return, I hardly see where I should share mine." Master turned away. Thank you, Master. Lisa appeared equally grateful, glancing at me with frightened eyes. We should both have known Master wouldn't give us to him. 

Back in the car, Master collared Lisa in her own collar and cuffs, returning mine to me. He asked Lisa, "Did Julia explain what I made her do the last time we went shopping for clothes?" 

"She did, sir." 

"We're going back to the same establishment. I propose the same deal with you I made with Julia. Seduce a sales clerk or wear the Slave Trainer throughout supper without being allowed to cum. If you lick her cunt, you're allowed two orgasms during supper. I expect you to suck my cock for both of them. If the sales clerk licks your cunt, you may have unlimited orgasms without needing to ask permission to cum during supper. Do you understand?" 

"Yes, Master." 

"Very well." 

Master turned on the vibrating plug on the way to the store. I reiterated the way I'd seduced Gwen when we were there the last time so she would know what approach might work. Lisa had trouble paying attention to me, the plug in her ass too distracting. She climaxed once before Master turned it off. 

Gwen was working again, but assisting two other shoppers. She looked at us, recognizing who we were. It's hard to forget someone who's licked your cunt. I helped Lisa pick out some clothes, either too large or too small for her, knowing what Master would like. A young woman of college age came up to assist. I left Lisa with her and sat beside my master. Lisa and the clerk disappeared towards the dressing rooms. I wondered if Lisa would be more successful than I'd been when I was here. 

Finishing with her other customers, Gwen came up to us. 

"I see you brought someone else in for clothing," Gwen said to Master. 

Master smiled at her pleasantly. "Yes, I did. My wife arranged for it." 

Gwen looked at me sharply. "Is she attempting to seduce another sales clerk?" Gwen asked. 

"If she wishes to orgasm tonight, she is," Master replied. 

"Would it be rude of me to ask for the use of this slave?" Gwen asked, indicating me with a nod of her head. 

"Perhaps a little rude," Master said, smiling, "though still amusing. Why not?" I blushed. 

Gwen took my hand and led me into a stock room in the back. "Strip naked," she said. I removed my dress; there was nothing else. 

"Stand still," she said. "I want to look at you." 

"The command you're searching for is 'Display', Mistress." 

"Display," Gwen ordered, and I took the position. She ran her hand over my body, touching everything as I shivered. 

"You're very lovely," she said. "I see you don't have the thing in your ass today." 

"No, Mistress. The other slave is wearing it today." She continued to stroke and touch me and I was becoming quite aroused. My nipples were hard and taut. She pinched one, making me moan. 

"You were trying to seduce me when you came last time, weren't you?" 

"Yes, Mistress. Master possesses a device called a Slave Trainer. It keeps slaves aroused without allowing them to climax. I would be allowed two orgasms by sucking him off if I were able to get you to allow me to pleasure you, and unlimited orgasms without restriction if I could get you to return my favors." 

"The other slave must do the same thing today?" 

"Yes, Mistress." 

"Do you like women? Had you done anything like this before?" 

"You were only the second woman I'd ever done that for. The dominatrix who Master used to teach me was the first woman I'd been with. I prefer men. Master is more comfortable if I'm with women since he is my husband." 

"Speaking of which, is it true you arranged for the other woman to submit to your Master?" 

"She observed something Thursday night and wished to become like me. She asked and I agreed I would have no objection." 

Gwen inserted three fingers in my cunt and I gasped and climaxed, humping her hand. My hands remained behind my neck though I wanted nothing more than to grab her and control her manipulation of my pussy. 

"What did she see?" 

"My Master and four male friends plus her, play poker on Thursday nights. I was required to orally service each of the poker players who won each hand for two minutes, including her. At the end of the night, I was auctioned off to the highest bidder and she had the most money and won my oral services for the next fifteen minutes. Then the next day she asked if she could also serve my Master." 

"Why would you agree to such a thing?" 

"Master is letting me live out my deepest and wildest fantasies, including my use by other men. It seemed to me it was only fair to allow my Master another slave in recompense." 

"I see. I want you to kneel now and lick my cunt." 

"Yes, Mistress." I was a slave girl, a sex slave. I could do nothing less. I knelt and my head went under her dress. I could smell her arousal. She'd enjoyed questioning this slave and treating me like a sex toy. Her panties showed a dark spot where she'd leaked her fluids. I pulled them down and began tonguing her like the slave I was. 

"Put your fingers in my cunt; fuck me with them," Gwen ordered. I obeyed. 

She quickly had an orgasm, yet I wasn't released. She had a second, then a third, before she told me to stop. 

"Leave my cum on your face so your Master can know what a slutty girl you are." 

Slaves aren't allowed to be anything other than slutty. My Master already knew how much I craved sex. More cum on my face wouldn't alter his opinion in the slightest, yet it's the way I returned to him. He smiled at me when I sat down next to him. He handed me his handkerchief and allowed me to clean off my face. 

Gwen asked Master what his plans were for the evening. "I'm taking my slaves out to dinner," he replied. 

"I get off at five. Might I impose on you to join you for dinner? I'll pay for myself, of course." 

"I have no objection," Master replied, "but I'd like to know why?" 

"I'm intrigued by what you're doing," Gwen said. "I've never been exposed to anything like this. To be honest, I'd also like to see if your other slave is as good at pleasing women as this one is." 

"No worse, I'm sure," Master replied. "The same woman trained them both and had the other one for training longer." 

"Thank you for allowing me to join you." 

Master nodded. He suddenly looked towards the dressing rooms and we all turned, following his sharp stare and saw the young sales girl leaving, hastily wiping her face. Lisa came out shortly afterward, carrying three new outfits. 

"It appears you had more success than your fellow slave, Lisa, and won't be under any restrictions tonight?" 

"Yes, sir. I've chosen these three for myself. I'll pay for them. I don't think you should be required to buy clothing for two slaves." 

"It's only three," Master replied. "You'll very seldom be wearing anything at all. Allow me to take care of it. It's only two weeks and I'm going to enjoy the pleasure of your company." 

"If you insist, Master." 

"Gwen here, will be joining us for supper. Give her the dresses and let her ring them up." 

"Actually, Reneé worked for the commission on these. It appeared she worked harder than I did earning mine." She pointedly looked at me and I looked down. "She should get it. Please give her these and tell her Gwen said she should give you a 10% discount." 

Lisa left, looking for Reneé. Gwen said, "I'll be off in less than an hour. You can wait here or just wander the mall and return at 5:30." 

"I don't mind showing my girls off. We'll return." 

"Thank you." Gwen left to help ring up our purchases. 

****** 

SCOTT 

I took the bag from Lisa when she returned. We went out into the mall strolling, a beautiful woman on each arm wearing as little as the law would allow. I attracted more than a few glances from both men and women, wondering what I had to be with two lovelies. Nothing more than most, I suspected, except a wife who was into reading some fairly explicit literature. Everything else had flowed from that. I was curious about Lisa's experiences, so asked her how she'd managed to seduce the young sales clerk. 

"Actually sir, that was the easy part. She'd been with women before; identifies herself as bisexual. The hard part was convincing her to do it in the store. She couldn't afford to lose her job and didn't want to risk it. It was only after I told her Julia had done the same thing with an older woman this past week, she consented. Especially after she figured out it was Gwen from the description. She's like the manager of the department and tough as nails according to Reneé." 

"Don't feel bad, Julia, you didn't have as much luck as Lisa did. You apparently had to seduce the manager," I said. 

"Thank you, sir." 

"Why is she coming to dinner with us, sir?" Lisa asked. 

"I'm not sure except I know she wants to know if you lick cunt as well as Julia does. Did she give you any indication when she had you in the stockroom?" I asked Julia. 

"She was curious and asked a lot of questions before telling me to lick her cunt, sir." 

Lisa was surprised to hear Julia had to pleasure Gwen again. 

"Is she a lesbian?" She asked. 

"I still don't know," Julia answered. Good, something we could ask her tonight. 

"What kind of questions?" I asked. 

"If I'd been trying to seduce her last Monday and why. Why I'd let Lisa serve you as well, and how that occurred. I told her about the poker game." 

"Curious," I commented, "but we'll know soon enough won't we. Since Lisa got Reneé to lick her, I thought we could eat somewhere else tonight, but if Lisa needs to lick Gwen's cunt, we should go back to Luigi's. The long table cloths are perfect and I don't know of anyplace else who has them." 

"I'd be curious to know if Sharon told her husband," Julia said. 

"As would I, although we don't know if Sharon will be working tonight. It's getting close to 5:30. We should get back." 

We returned to the store and found Gwen waiting for us in the women's department. She had her handbag and was ready to leave. 

"Where are you going to eat?" Gwen asked. 

"An Italian place named Luigi's," I replied. "Thy have floor length tablecloths, if you know what I mean." 

"Would you be coming back this way when you return home?" 

"It's mostly on the way home," I replied. 

"I'd like to ride with you if I can. I have some questions best asked in the privacy of a car rather than a restaurant," Gwen said. 

"You can ride in the front with me. The slaves can sit in the back. I have to admit I'm curious about you," I said. 

"Thank you." 

I escorted her out to our car, my slaves following behind. I helped her into the front seat. Julia and Lisa got in the back. 

Taking out the Slave Trainer, I told Lisa to put it on. 

"May I see it a moment before she puts it on?" Gwen asked. 

I handed it to her and Gwen inspected it. "I thought this was to prevent your slave from having orgasms. It looks like it would do the opposite," she said, fingering the penile projection. 

"It does both," I said. "It has sensors inside that turn itself off when it perceives an approaching orgasm, keeps track of any orgasms she does have so I can determine if she has one without permission, and warns me if she removes it or the battery is getting low." I started the car and headed towards Luigi's. 

She handed it to Lisa and watched as she put it on. "And she's to be allowed to climax tonight because she seduced Reneé into licking her." 

"You grasped that quickly." 

"I asked your slave questions," Gwen said. "After mine happened, I doubted the entire incident was an accident. It seemed more intentional to me." 

"So it was. Might I be so bold as to enquire if you'd ever been with a woman before?" 

"Never." 

"You seem to enjoy it," I said. 

"I don't often receive much pleasure," Gwen admitted. "How old do you think I am?" 

"Forty," I guessed. 

"Forty-five," she said. "Do you think I'm attractive for my age?" 

"You're very attractive for almost any age," I said. 

"I was married when I was twenty to a man fifteen years my senior. About five years ago, he developed prostate cancer and also has blood pressure issues. He can't perform anymore, has lost almost all interest in sex, yet he's not inclined to let me use artificial aids to give myself pleasure. He'll lick me to orgasm twice a year, maybe, and other than surreptitiously masturbating occasionally when he's not around, I'm loveless. I find myself very frustrated most of the time as I still believe I'm a vibrant and sexual person who greatly enjoys sex. It's why I allowed myself to experience pleasure with your slave even though I'd never done it with a woman before. But her subservience also raised questions for me. She told me about a poker game last Thursday. Could you tell me about it?" 

"It's a regular game we have every Thursday night. My slave often reads fantasy romances involving women enslaved or even involving reverse harems. I offered the opportunity to experience such slavery for herself rather than rely on others writing about it. She had to service the other players on Thursday." 

"Including your other slave, I was told. I'm unfamiliar with the term, reverse harems." 

"It's where many men share one woman, Mistress," Julia said from the back. 

"Was this the first time your slave was required to satisfy other people?" 

"Not strictly," I said. "There was her training the day after her slavery started, and you. I was more comfortable with her starting with women than men. I had to work up to seeing her with another man." 

"How long has she been your slave and how long is it supposed to last?" 

"She started a week ago Friday and for three weeks," I replied, getting very curious now. 

"Will you be having another poker game this Thursday," Gwen asked. 

"We are," I replied, wondering what she was getting at. 

"Will both of your slaves be made to serve these men?" 

"Yes, Lisa as red silk, my wife has not informed me yet whether she'll be white or red silk." We reached the restaurant and I parked the car, leaving the engine running. 

"Again, you're not speaking my language," Gwen said. "What does that mean?" 

"My wife and Lisa may both orally service the men. Lisa will also have to serve them vaginally and anally." 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"Julia mentioned an auction after the game." 

"I will display them and sell off their use after the game. It's where Lisa's vagina and ass will be sold. We don't take the time for sex during the game; only two minutes of oral pleasure after each hand. The players can bid on them with their poker winnings only and the proceeds go to charity as I'm not whoring them out." 

Gwen took a deep breath, thinking briefly. 

"I don't want to join your little menagerie on a permanent basis, but I'd like to come to next Thursday's game as a red silk slave." 

My mouth dropped. You could have stuffed an apple in my mouth at that moment, and served me up like a whole pig for dinner. 

"Excuse me?" I said after a minute of total silence, unsure I'd heard her correctly. 

"You don't have wax in your ears, Mr. Rivers. You heard me fine. I want to be a red silk slave at your next poker game." 

"Okay, but why?" 

"It should be obvious. I've given you all the information. I enjoy sex, yet never get to have any. I want to feel like a woman again. I want men to desire me and bid for my services." 

"What about your husband?" I asked. 

"What he doesn't know won't hurt him," Gwen said. "I wouldn't need to do this if he would take care of me himself or at least let me use vibrators." 

"You do understand what you're requesting? You'll be nude the entire evening, waiting on horny men who'll be allowed to touch you as they want, sucking cocks during the game and then sold afterward to the highest bidder wishing to fuck your cunt, ass and mouth?" 

"That's what I'm hoping, yes. My husband used to be a vigorous and demanding lover. For twenty years, he used all of my orifices regularly and I enjoyed it all. The last five have been devoid of sex, and I would like to experience it again, even if only for a night." 

I turned and looked at my two slaves in the back seat. 

"I think you should let her, Master," Julia said. "I cannot imagine going five years without sex. I feel sorry for her." 

"I do too, sir," Lisa replied. "At least I had vibrators to get me through my sexless days. With more slaves to bid on, everyone is assured of at least one way to end up with an orgasm, and perhaps more." 

"Thank you for your vote of confidence," Gwen said. 

"I think you should test her though, Master. She should have to suck your cock," Julia added, "in the restaurant." 

I believe my slave was getting even with Gwen, both for not giving her an orgasm last week and for using her again today. I believe she was justified. 

"Well?" I asked. 

"I'll do it," Gwen said. "Whatever you need me to do." 

"Remove your panties," I said. 

Gwen looked around briefly to ensure there were no people around our car, then pulled her panties off, smoothing down her skirt after handing them to me. They were wet which I'd expected after Julia came to me with a messy, cum covered face. 

"You can't wear any more panties until after the poker game on Thursday night. I'll return these after the game. I want you to go bare to remind yourself of what's going to happen Thursday. In addition to sucking my cock tonight, you'll need to lick Julia's cunt. Lisa's cunt will be otherwise occupied. Do you understand?" 

"Yes, sir. I won't be very good, you understand," she apologized to Julia. "I've never done it before." 

"The fact you're doing it at all will be exciting to me," Julia replied. 

"You'll have to rest of the night to consider what you're requesting and reconsider. If you haven't changed your mind by the time I've dropped you off at your car, I'll expect to see you on Thursday night at six to prepare. Expect to be there until 12:30 or even 1:00 based on the number of people being serviced by three slaves." 

"How many men will there be?" Gwen asked. 

"We usually play with six, five men and one woman, but Lisa will now be a slave, so I'll be seeking a sixth, another man who fills in when one of the others can't make it." 

"Let's go eat then," Gwen said. "I'm ready." 

I turned off the car and turned on Lisa's Slave Trainer, and we all got out. This slavery thing had already taken a lot more twists and turns than I ever expected. We went inside and I was pleasantly surprise to see Sharon was working again tonight. I asked to be seated at one of her tables. The hostess seated us with copies of the menu. Sharon was there within five minutes to take our drink orders. 

"Not you again. I certainly hope you don't expect my help again today. I told you that was a one off." 

"We have no need for your assistance today, Sharon. Everyone has completed their assigned tasks and thus don't face the punishment you eased for my slave. Perhaps you might be pleased to know the one who left my slave in such a pitiable state you felt the need to ease her pain, is present tonight?" 

"Why would I need to know who that was?" Sharon asked. 

"I thought perhaps you'd enjoy the gift you so graciously granted, given by the one who forced your choice." 

"Which of these other two women was responsible?" 

"Raise your hand, Gwen." 

Gwen stuck her hand up. 

"It's not necessary. If she's to compensate someone, let it be your slave." 

"She will compensate my slave, so don't be surprised if she should suddenly disappear. She'll be nearby." 

"Who's the other one?" Sharon asked. 

"I seem to have acquired another slave for the next two weeks." 

"It sounds like a fascinating story, but I need to take your orders, starting with drinks. If I have time later, perhaps we'll chat." 

Gwen surprised me by offering to buy wine for the table. She said having a glass of wine after supper was usually all she had to look forward to, but had found several wines she was quite fond of and they served them here. When I agreed, she ordered one bottle of Carpineto Vino Nobile di Montepulciano Riserva 2013 and a bottle of Castello di Monsanto Chianti Classico Riserva 2015 and water all around. 

"I doubt anyone will be disappointed in either one, but there should be at least one everyone could enjoy." 

Sharon disappeared to get our wine. When she returned, she offered me the pour, but since Gwen was ordering and appeared to know far more about wine than I did, I told Sharon to let Gwen do the tasting. She proclaimed both to be excellent vintages. 

"Have a small amount, roll it around on the tongue, then swallow. Have a bite of bread, then try the other. Pour a glass of whichever you prefer to drink with your meal," Gwen suggested. 

"Kind of like tasting different men's cum then," Julia said with a smile on her face. 

"It's been awhile since I've had any of that vintage," Gwen quipped. 

"Tonight will be a rare treat then," Julia shot back. 

"I'm looking forward to it," Gwen replied, smiling at me. 

We all did as she suggested and Gwen and I preferred the Carpineto, while Lisa and Julia liked the Chianti. 

"When shall I get started then?" Gwen asked, "and shall I start with you, or your slave." 

"We should give my Master the most time to recover as he will be very busy tonight later," Julia said. "Please start with him." 

"If you tell me what you want, you can start now and I'll order for you, or you can start after Sharon takes our food order." 

Gwen glanced at the menu. "Chicken Piccata and the house salad." She took a quick look around and slipped beneath the table cloth. Soon thereafter, my zipper was eased down and my cock eased out of my pants and then a warm, wet mouth descended on my shaft. Oh, shit! Gwen may not have had sex recently, but she'd apparently perfected the blow job when she was having it, because it was extraordinary. Twenty or more years of practice showing excellent results as far as my cock was concerned. The longer it went on, the better it got as things she might have forgotten, were recalled as she went along. I did not think I'd last long. 

Sharon came back to the table to take our food orders, instantly noting the empty seat. She raised an eyebrow and shook her head. 

"Shall I come back to take your order?" She asked. 

"No," I said, "we're good, ooh, really good. Gwen wanted the chicken pic...cata, and the house...salad." I could barely resist moaning during my recitation. "I'll have...the chicken...penne ala vodka...and the house...fuck...salad." I was cumming and Gwen was swallowing every drop. 

Sharon couldn't resist saying, "We don't serve fuck salad here, sir. You'll have to go elsewhere for that." 

Gwen's voice drifted up from under the table, soft and low. "He already had the fuck salad, just give him the house salad." 

Sharon smiled. "You people are nuts. You have to stop coming to my restaurant." 

Gwen stuck her head just over the top of the table and seeing little or no attention directed at us, quickly took her seat. She wiped a stray drop of sperm from the corner of her lips. "Too late for cumming in your restaurant, also." We laughed. "I'm getting too old to be climbing under tables in restaurants." She took a large drink of her wine. 

"Was she good, Master?" Julia asked. 

"Let's just say you need more practice," I said. 

"Really. It's good to know we won't be dealing with amateurs on Thursday night," Lisa said. 

"What about Thursday night?" Sharon asked. "No wait. I don't want to know. Please don't tell me." 

"Speaking of telling," I said. "Did you ever say anything to your husband?" 

"No. I finally decided it was something he never had to know. TMI. It's not like it lasted all that long. Let me have the other two orders and I'll put it in." 

Lisa and Julia gave their orders. Sharon left again and Gwen said, "What is your relationship to that poor waitress? I can't believe what we're doing in here. I haven't done anything so reckless since I was a teenager." 

"After you left my slave in a state, shall we say, we came here for dinner. She was only going to be allowed two orgasms while being kept under high arousal and only while performing what you just did. Sharon noticed her discomfort and asked about it. When Julia told her what her problem was, Sharon asked me if she took care of the thing you refused to, if Julia could have the orgasm override removed from her device. I said she could and Sharon met Julia in the ladies room and handled it. She got a nice tip." 

"And she'd never done been with another woman either?" 

"She said no." 

Gwen shook her head. "You've all got a disease and now it's spreading. First me, then this poor waitress, now Reneé. I can't believe it. We should all be committed." 

"I wasn't Reneé's first and you won't think that after Thursday," Lisa said. "Speaking of orgasms. I just had my fourth one." 

"You're hiding it quite well," I said. 

"Thank you. I could shout it to the rooftops if you prefer." 

"We don't want Sharon to get fired. I'd prefer you didn't." 

I decided I should get to know Gwen a little better since she'd just sucked my cock and I could end up having sex with her on Thursday. Actually, bidding on another blow job wouldn't be out of the question either. 

"Gwen, tell me more about yourself." Julia and Lisa started paying attention as well. They would be sharing the slave block with her. 

"Well, I was born in Mount Holly, New Jersey. My parents moved here when I was in junior high. I never went to college, choosing to work instead, always in retail. I married when I was nineteen. My husbands name is Reggie. Reggie being older than I was nice when I was younger, he being more experienced, and me only having had sex twice before; but his age has proven to be a problem as we grew older. We never had children. He'd had a vasectomy before we married, having had two children with a previous spouse. They lived with their mother and never got close to me even though I had nothing to do with their father's divorce. I've been in my current position for six years, and at that department store for eleven. Before you and your slave walked into my store, the craziest thing I'd ever done is having sex while on a hike in the mountains with my husband, when I was much younger and he could still do things like hiking and having sex. We hadn't gotten far enough off the trail and were spied upon. The couple who caught us, watched us until we were done. I remember being so embarrassed by it all. 

"Now, in the last week, I've been seduced by your slave in a dressing room in my own store, sucked your cock under a table in this restaurant, joked about it with a perfect stranger, will do the same to your wife tonight and plan on being used as a slave at a poker game within the week, and I wasn't half as embarrassed by any of it as I was on that hiking trail. How time changes things. Perhaps I will be when you actually sell my services. I haven't had time to think about it. The idea popped into my mind so suddenly as I questioned her, hearing how Lisa decided to join you." 

"For never going to college, you seem quite sophisticated and worldly," I commented. 

"I've tried to pattern myself after the former head of my department. It's hard to get ahead in my store without a little sophistication. Despite lacking a college education, I'm a voracious reader, especially since my spouses and my sexual misfortune. Though, I seem to have neglected the fare which brought Julia to agree to her slavery, so perhaps my self-taught education is lacking in some respects. Reverse harem, white silk, red silk; it's really a whole different vocabulary." 

"Will you feel sorry cheating on him?" I asked. 

"I'm not sure. I've not felt guilt thus far. In a way, I blame him for my barren sex life. It's not his fault for being older, perhaps my fault for marrying someone so much older. Despite his equipment not working anymore, he still has a tongue and hands. We could use toys. But he lost all interest in sex. Perhaps he feels inadequate since he's no longer able to perform. He refuses to seek counseling. I can certainly blame him for that. Perhaps I'll feel guilty after Thursday. Or perhaps not." 

"Why not divorce him?" Julia asked. 

Gwen delayed her answer as our food started to arrive. She waited until we were alone again before responding. 

"How long have you been married, Julia?" 

"Ten years." 

"Not bad. The longer you're married, the harder it becomes, I think. There's a certain amount of comfort in the known and predictable. I know everything about him - how he reads the newspaper, how he likes his food prepared, the way he leaves his socks stuffed in his shoes at night, how loud he snores. And he's been a good husband except for this one issue the last five years. Plus, I've reached an age where I wonder if anyone would want an old lady..." 

"You're not that old," I interrupted. "You're still attractive and intelligent. I'm sure someone would be happy to have you." 

"We'll know how eager someone is to fuck an older woman when you sell me on the slave block, won't we. If I'm fortunate, someone will pay half as much for me as either of your two slaves. I only hope someone bids at all or I'll have made a fool of myself for nothing. I know what I am. I look in the mirror every day. When men my age get divorced, they go for younger women. I'm a younger woman to sixty year olds, the same age as my husband, who would be subject to the same problems he has. I have no illusions. I'm looking at this as a last opportunity to do something wild before my vagina dries up." 

No one said anything. She was right in a way. We lived in a youth oriented society where people didn't appreciate the experience and quality of an older person. She might not receive as many or as high a bids as my own slaves. Wrinkles shouldn't define us, but they often did. 

"What about you two?" Gwen asked. "By any reasonable definition, you two are cheating on each other. How do you feel about it?" 

"Since you ask," I said, "I wanted to give Julia an authentic experience. I read the books she was reading to get a feel for what her fantasies were. They included being made to serve multiple people. It was the hardest part of my decision to let her live it. I decided to live with the choices she made, whatever they are. Since the choice was mine, I don't look upon what she's doing as cheating as it's with my knowledge and consent. I would be deeply hurt and angry if she chose to have sex on her own, without my knowing and consenting. I believe our marriage is strong enough to get us through this. If I didn't believe it was, I couldn't do it. Still, because it was hard for me, I put her with women first as they didn't bother me as much as seeing her with men would. It's why she seduced you and not some delivery person." 

"What of you, Julia? This was your fantasy. Why are you allowing your husband the same latitude he's allowed you? Why does he have another slave? Why did you invite your friend to join you and even tell me to suck off your husband?" 

"If what I do as a slave is not cheating on him, then what he does as a Master can't be cheating either. Slave Master's frequently have more than one slave. Mistress Dark believes slaves should compete for the affections of their Master. It ensures they both strive to be more pleasing. But more than that, I knew how much Master valued fidelity, how hurt he would be if I were unfaithful. For him to allow me this fantasy and all it entailed was a supreme act of love. If he could love me so much, could I do less for him?" 

"It's all quite noble, I'm sure. It doesn't ease the pain of seeing him fuck someone else, does it? And who's Mistress Dark?" 

Julia took Lisa's hand. "Do I feel some particle of pain knowing he's with someone else? No less than Master feels, yet he does it for me, and if I'm going to allow him to be with someone anyway, why not my very best friend. I'd prefer her to some random stranger. Mistress Dark is the dominatrix who taught both Lisa and I how to pleasure a woman and how to deep throat Master's cock. She taught Master how to properly punish a slave without harming her." 

"I'm a random stranger," Gwen said, "yet you had me sucking his cock. And I knew nothing about any punishment other than enforced orgasm denial. Does he do more than that?" 

"I am spanked and paddled and whipped as necessary. Punishment and humiliation are part of the slave experience. Hence he made me seduce you in a public place and I'm punished for transgressions. As you intend to serve as a slave, you should suffer the humiliation of sucking him off in a public place and know what you are getting yourself into. I also thought it was fair you should fellate him for using his slave. You have no slave of your own to share with him, yet you yourself will be a slave, thus you can share yourself." 

"Will I be punished on Thursday?" 

"Do you intend to be pleasing?" Julia asked 

"To the best of my ability." 

"A pleasing slave is rarely punished." 

"What are you punished for?" Gwen asked. 

"For cumming without Master's permission," Julia said, "and failing to wake with Master and take care of his needs in the morning and earn my clothes. I also suffered punishment until I learned to ignore my pleasure when it's my duty to provide pleasure to my Master." 

"You've been punished also?" Gwen asked Lisa. 

"For cumming without permission and until I also learned to ignore my pleasure when it was my duty to provide it." 

"You are climaxing now. I haven't heard you ask for permission once." 

"If I could get Reneé to lick me, I'm allowed to have as many orgasms through supper as I can without asking for it. Past supper, I have the same restrictions as any other slave." 

"When you lick me later, Gwen," Julia said, "I will need the permission of my Master to cum. My pleasure belongs to him, just as my body does." 

Gwen nodded thoughtfully. "Will I need to ask permission to orgasm?" 

"You'll be wearing a Slave Trainer to start," I said. "You'll only be allowed to cum when you give that pleasure to someone else. If they don't cum, you don't either. When you are sold, you'll have no such restrictions, however, it is your duty to be pleasing to your temporary owner, not necessarily to orgasm yourself. If you are sufficiently pleasing, I have no doubt you'll experience pleasure yourself." 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"Why did you want to do this, Lisa?" Gwen asked. 

"Because my friend was having the best sex of her life and I was jealous. I have no better answer than that. My sex life sucked since my divorce a year ago, and even before then honestly, though I haven't had a husband telling me I couldn't use toys. Still, plastic is a poor substitute for flesh." 

Gwen remained essentially silent the remainder of our supper, thinking I believed. I wondered if she was considering changing her mind. She was even more a neophyte than Lisa had been. Julia had been discussing her plans with Lisa for weeks, going over the rules of her slavery, learning the commands, practicing them with her. She'd even witnessed Julia being punished before she decided to do it herself. Gwen had done none of it first. A brief conversation in the back room and five years of a sexual barren wasteland were all she had to go on. 

We finished and Sharon came to collect our dishes and ask about our choices for dessert. 

"I'll be having my dessert under the table," Gwen said. "I have a debt to repay." Sharon just shook her head. 

The rest of us ordered and as soon as Sharon was gone, Gwen looked around to ensure no one was paying attention to one solo slave with a task to perform. As soon as she was sure, she disappeared and one could see when she reached her goal by the smile on my slave's face. Julia leaned back and shifted forward on her seat to give Gwen the greatest access to her sex. She was still under the table when our desserts arrived and when we'd finished. She'd said she didn't know what she was doing, unlike her expert treatment of my cock, but despite the lack of expertise, Julia was enjoying her mouth on her cunt. When Sharon returned with the bill, she was still under the table, but Julia closed her eyes and moaned softly, asking permission to cum, and we all knew Gwen had finally succeeded in satisfying my slave. I gave her permission to cum and she surrendered to her bliss. 

Gwen peeked out a minute later to ensure she was unobserved, then calmly got out, sat down and wiped her face with her napkin. 

"That wasn't as bad as I thought it would be," she observed, "though it took her so long to cum, my tongue is tired. I did say I wouldn't be much good at it." She emptied a bottle of wine, about one third of a glass, and quickly drank it. 

"I've never had so much goings on at my tables before. You're blatant about it," Sharon said. 

"Not that blatant," I said. "I chose this place because of the long tablecloths." 

"Perhaps I'll suggest to the management they go with shorter or no tablecloths, so you'll take your shenanigans elsewhere." 

"Come now, Sharon. Don't tell me you don't get at least the tiniest thrill from knowing what we're doing here, else you would have reported us to the management already and had us thrown out." 

Sharon laughingly said, "It does help keep me amused. I'll be by for your money shortly." 

Gwen took out her wallet, and handed me enough cash for her meal and the wine. "I told you I'd pay for my meal and the wine." 

I handed back the money for the wine. "We drank three to one, and you've been a good sport. I'll take care of the wine." 

As soon as I paid for the meals we left and went back outside. Sitting in the car, I asked her, "You've had the evening to think on it and seen a glimpse of your future if you decide to come on Thursday. Do you still wish to come to the poker game and serve as a red silk slave?" 

"I do. Despite everything, I want to be fucked again." 

"Open your phone and give it to me." 

She complied. I entered Master Rivers in her address book with my address and phone number. I handed it back to her. "Here's my address. We'll see you at six. Lisa, remove your Slave Trainer and give it to Gwen." 

Lisa was able to remove it and she handed it up to Gwen. It was thick with her cream. I knew from my phone she'd cum eight times during supper. 

"Lick it off," I told Gwen. Her eyes grew wide for a moment, but she quickly put the penis part in her mouth and started licking and sucking. Now, in addition to tasting Julia, she was tasting Lisa, second hand though it was. When she handed it to me, nothing but her saliva glistened on the device. 

"Now pull up your dress." She looked at me in surprise. "Go on. Pull it up to your waist. Keep an eye out for anyone approaching, slaves." 

Gwen slowly pulled up her dress, exposing her nylon clad legs with thigh high stockings, then her bush which didn't look as though she'd trimmed it in ages. I pulled her close to me, began kissing her neck and shoulders and eventually her mouth. She remained quietly unresponsive for a short time, but started to kiss me back, almost reluctantly at first, then more enthusiastically. When she was melting into my arms, I ran my left hand up her leg until I reached her hairy sex. She parted her legs, granting me easier access to her cunt. She was wet, the events of the evening arousing her. I pushed first one finger, then two, into her. She was surprising tight. 

"You're very tight for a woman of your age," I commented into her ear, whispering quietly as she moaned. 

"My gynecologist says you begin tightening up without use," Gwen whimpered, "and I've had nothing but my fingers inside me for a very long time." 

"I want you to cum for me," I said. 

"Yes, sir," she moaned, arching her hips toward my hand. She panted as I sawed my fingers back and forth in her taut twat. When it seemed she was close, my thumb started rubbing around and over her clit. She drove her cunt over my fingers as she climaxed with a heavy sigh. I waited until her spasms stopped before withdrawing my fingers. The aroma of her arousal was strong within the close confines of the car. 

"You shouldn't be the only one to go without relief tonight," I said. 

"Thank you, sir." 

"You're expected to clean up after yourself," I said. "Lick my fingers clean." 

"Yes, sir," she said, taking each of my fingers in her mouth and cleaning her fluids off of them, tasting the last of the three of the women in the car, herself. 

"Leave your dress up as I drive back to your car. I want you to masturbate the entire trip. I don't care if there's another car beside us. You can't stop for any reason, unless there's a police car beside us. Do you understand?" 

"Yes, sir," she panted, starting to rub herself immediately. 

"You'll need to trim your pubic hair substantially before Thursday. Cut it very short or shave it off entirely." 

"Yes, Master." 

"Remember. No panties from now until Thursday night. I'll return yours to you then to wear home. We'll have laundered them." 

Gwen was cumming and it took awhile to answer as she moaned through it. Finally she replied, "I won't, Master." 

"Very good." 

Gwen had two more orgasms before we reached the mall. She directed us to her car. As she got out of mine, I said, "We'll see you on Thursday." 

"Yes, sir." She waved shyly to my two slaves. They wished her a good night. 

We were all thoughtfully quiet on the way home. 

****** 

JULIA 

So now there would be three slaves serving on Thursday night. Master set out the clothes which we could earn tomorrow. He said it was late and he had to go to work in the morning, so he wouldn't have time to fuck us both. As Lisa was having her anal plug removed tonight and Master intended to fuck her ass, he said it would be Lisa he fucked tonight. I resigned myself to going without sex for the first night since my slavery began. He removed the vibrating plug from Lisa's ass and told her to wash the plug, clean herself and return. Master and I removed our clothes. Master was already half hard, knowing he'd be fucking his other slaves ass. He had me suck his cock to get him ready for her. Lisa returned and I started to leave the room. 

"Where do you think you're going?" Master asked. 

"I was giving you and Lisa some privacy, sir." 

"You will never leave the room when I'm fucking my other slave," he said. 

I was not sure I wished to watch him fuck my friends ass, but I was a lowly sex slave girl and my wishes counted for nothing. I came in and sat on the bed, reconciled to watching him fuck her. 

"You don't get to sit this out just because you're not getting fucked tonight," Master said. "Lie down on the bed with your head at the foot and your legs toward the head. Lisa, you'll get over her in a sixty-nine. It is your responsibility to please your sister slave. Remember your training. No matter what is happening to you, you must not lose your focus on what you're doing to Julia. She is head slave around here. You are to treat her as you'd treat me, obey her as you'd obey me. You may both cum without permission for the rest of the night." 

He waited until we were in position and both licking each other. It was the first time we'd done this together. I'd licked Lisa at the poker game, she'd licked me at Mistress Dark's, but never both together. Master watched us, stroking Lisa's bottom until we each had an orgasm. While we continued, he got up and fetched the lube. I watched him as he put some on his cock then spread some on the brown puckered opening so close to my own head. I had a close up view as he put his large shaft against her crinkled sphincter and push into her ass. I had another orgasm watching, both fascinated and disturbed as he started fucking my friend's ass. I closed my eyes because I couldn't watch, then opened them again, unable to stop watching his long cock slide into her perfect bottom. 

Lisa spasmed. I could see her clasping Master's cock in her muscular bottom as she shuddered through her orgasm and felt fresh fluids on my face. She maintained her focus on my cunt, continuing to pleasure me with her mouth. Master's sack dangled down by my forehead, and I paused licking Lisa's cunt long enough to suck one of his balls. He groaned and I knew he was pleased. I resumed licking her pussy. 

Lisa and I both had our third orgasms before I saw Master's balls rising and knew he was about to cum. He froze and I could see the pulsing of his cock as he filled her rectum with his seed. He continued fucking her after cumming, but gradually shrinking. Finally, he pulled out of her, Lisa's asshole gaping slightly as he left her, then slowing closing, but not before some of his cum leaked from her bottom and down toward my waiting mouth. I licked it up. 

Master didn't tell us to stop, so we didn't stop, each of us cumming again before he told us it was time for bed. I got a wash cloth to wipe Master off, then we all showered and brushed our teeth. Master lay between us on the bed, lightly stroking each of his slaves. 

"You may each wear your normal exercise clothes while going to your exercise classes and workouts," Master said, "but nothing but the clothing you've earned going to or leaving. You might as well remove your collar and cuffs as well, in the car, but make sure you put them on again after you leave. If anyone asks you questions, I want you to be honest about your slave status. 

"I guess I have no particular objection if you choose to pleasure each other while I'm gone, but you may not orgasm without my permission, which you won't be getting, so expect to be frustrated if you play. I'm going to have more supplies delivered here from Lowe's so you can start building more bondage furniture. For now, you can cut, sand and finish. I'll help put them together. Jerry has offered to help me take more time off this week to make up for the Watkins last week, so I hope to get off early tomorrow so we can play some more." 

"Yes, Master," we replied. I asked, "Will Lowe's be delivering tomorrow?" 

"Probably," he replied, knowing I was asking to know whether I'd need to wear clothes tomorrow to answer the door. 

That was the way we went to sleep, two sexy naked slaves cuddled up against their Master. All in all, not a bad day. 

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 11|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-11|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<em>With Lisa not playing poker anymore to serve as sex slave, another player is needed, but he's married and his wife needs to be convinced to let him play. Plus Jerry is rewarded for working extra hard so Scott can have time off with his slaves. Then, there's the delivery guy. Anyway, you can find out what goes on by reading this chapter. It contains, oral and anal sex, lesbian sex, sex with strangers, bondage, spanking, and interracial sex. If you find these things offensive, don't read further. In this particular fantasy world, sexually transmitted diseases are not an issue.</em> 

<strong>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 11 - Week Two, Part Two</strong> 

JULIA 

When Master got up for work, Lisa and I both took turns sucking him, playing Russian roulette with his cum. I won, Master cumming while it was my turn to suck. Like the well trained slave I was, I swallowed every drop. I wondered how I could have been so reluctant to swallow before, it seemed so normal now. If we were going to exercise classes again, we needed to get up too, so Lisa made breakfast for all of us upon my promise to clean up afterward. Master didn't have time to feed either of us, so everyone fed themselves. Master left and Lisa went next door to get her exercise clothes while I cleared the kitchen. 

Lisa and I had exercised together for years, so we usually drove together. The only difference now is we'd be returning to the same house. Monday, Wednesday and Friday, we did an aerobic exercise first, followed by weight training. Monday was kickboxing followed by arms and shoulders. Wednesday was Zumba followed by legs, Friday was spin class followed by abs and back. Tuesday and Thursday, we usually did Yoga followed by laps in the pool. We'd both taken enough yoga classes to do the yoga workouts on our own, but I guessed we'd be doing them together now, and probably naked. We weren't allowed our yoga clothes at home, and wearing any other clothes we'd earned would only get them smelly and sweaty. Same for swimming laps. No swimsuits, so naked it would be. 

The worker bee at the front desk who gave us our towels commented on my lack of attendance last week. 

"I was very busy last week," I replied. "My husband was taking a brief staycation and we were doing a lot of things together." Left unsaid was my serving him as a sex slave all week long. I hadn't needed much exercise. 

"I hope you had a good time." 

"I had a wonderful time," I said. Also left unsaid was the number of times I'd cum during the week. I didn't keep track. 

"Welcome back. Have a wonderful day," she said. 

In my kickboxing class, we didn't spar, just kicked heavy begs. When we finished, it was our legs feeling heavy, not the bags, which is why we worked arms and shoulders afterward. Changing in the locker room, no one commented on our lack of underwear, which somewhat surprised me. Most of the women were curious and always chatting and asking questions of one another. The social aspects were something we both enjoyed. I guess talking about why you were running around without panties and a bra was not a subject for normal conversation. The same when we showered and left afterward. Not a peep was said, though more than a few looked. Normally, we arrived and left in our exercise gear. Today we weren't and no one commented upon the sexiness of our street attire either, although we gathered a fair share of looks as we dressed. At least we didn't have to answer any questions which might have resulted in us admitting we were sex slaves. 

At home, I left my outfit on; Lisa remained naked. I made lunch, Lisa cleaned up. At two, the Lowe's delivery truck driver came to the door. I answered it, Lisa went to the bedroom. I could tell he liked what Master allowed me to wear. The skirt was short and the top was tight, showing my hard nipples. I opened the garage door and signed for the delivery, getting one last lingering look before he left. After the garage door was closed, I removed my clothes. 

"Lisa, I'm going to clear out my underwear drawer for the time being so you have a place to put your things. Neither of us is wearing underwear now, so I might as well put it all away. I'll make some space in the closet for anything which needs to be hung up." 

"Thank you. I didn't really think about how I'd be moving in here when I asked to serve as a slave. I don't need much space for clothes, but I'd like to have some place to put what little I'm allowed to wear." 

"If there is anything else I can do to make your stay more pleasant, don't hesitate to ask." 

"Julia, I want to thank you again for what you're doing. This is the first time I've really been alone with you since this started. Your generosity of spirit and willingness to allow me a part in this is beyond all expectations. I can never thank you enough." 

She kissed me, and it was the first time we'd ever kissed where it was more than a casual hello or goodbye. Her lips parted and so did mine. We kissed as lovers kiss. Soft and tender, then hard and demanding. We broke the kiss breathlessly. 

"Will our relationship ever be the same as it once was?" I asked, panting. 

"I don't think it can remain strictly the same," Lisa said. "How could it, really, having shared what we have? But I think we'll be closer, not farther apart." 

"We'd best not go any farther. I will want to cum." 

"Me too," Lisa said. "Show me what drawer you want me to have and I'll start putting my things away." 

Master got home at 3:30 and found us putting Lisa's things away. We'd done her drawer and were working on the closet space. He took note of the changes we were making, stripped and showered. 

When he came out of the bathroom, I knew one of us was going to be fucked; his cock was hard and ready. The only question was which one of us would it be. Lisa was fresh meat, new and different. Master had been fucking me for ten years and might be bored with me. Master told me to get on the bed and my heart fell. He was going to fuck Lisa again. 

When I did the same as last night, he said, "No. I want your cunt here on the edge of the bed." 

I moved to the edge of the bed and he attached ropes to my cuffs and hooked the ropes to two of the hooks he'd installed in the ceiling and pulled them until my legs were pulled into a big V with my feet up in the air. Our bed sat high enough, he could fuck me while standing beside the bed. He told Lisa to get on top of me and get me wet and I was to do the same for her. He said both of us could cum all we wanted again without permission. I didn't require anyone or anything to get me wet. I was ready to fuck nearly all the time anymore. Nevertheless, I welcomed her tongue and mouth on my cunt, and by her moaning, I knew she appreciated mine the same. Once again, Master let us reach an orgasm before acting. He pushed into my cunt, filling me up and I gasped. 

"Lisa, every time I pull out of Julia's cunt, open your mouth so I can put my cock in it. I heard her reply, "Yes, Master," before her tongue returned to my dewy folds. Oh, fuck, it felt so good, having my Master fuck my needy pussy while Lisa licked me. I climaxed again, almost asking for permission to cum before remembering I had no restrictions tonight. After a few minutes, he pulled out of me and Lisa's mouth left me to take Master's cock, cleaning our cum off before he thrust into me again. Back and forth he want, three or four minutes in me, thirty to sixty seconds in her mouth before returning to me. I climaxed three more times before Master buried himself to the hilt and I felt him pulsing in my cunt. When he was done, he told Lisa to clean me up, and I felt her licking all the collected cum leaking from my pussy. 

Master let me clean our cum from his cock after releasing my legs. 

"I'm thinking of ordering Thai food tonight," Master said. "One of you will have to tip the driver, if you know what I mean." 

"We could flip a coin," I said. 

"Or, Master could just choose," Lisa said. 

"I could choose, but I like the randomness of a coin toss. However, we won't toss the coin until just before he arrives, so you may both contemplate what you intend to do to seduce whoever comes through the door." 

"Seduce?" I asked. "Does that mean we're to have sex with them as opposed to just letting them see our bodies as they get paid?" 

"I think they should get a choice," Master said; "a ten dollar tip or whichever part of you they want to use, mouth, cunt or ass." 

I could not imagine any male turning down an orgasm with a female to take a ten dollar tip. Was Master going to let me perform as red silk like Lisa. Thus far, other than letting the one young man finger me, I'd only been white silk for men. Of course, it could be Lisa who chance favored and it would be her serving as red silk. She was going to be red silk at the poker game. I imagined I would be white. It would seem strange to have another man fucking me while Master watched? If the delivery driver was a woman, would she want sex or money? I would think a woman would be more shy about her body and more reluctant to expose it for sex. Or would Master allow us privacy to play with a girl? He was leaving a lot up in the air. He was right. Both our imaginations were going to be running wild while we waited. 

Master put in an order for our food. "About forty-five minutes for delivery? Great. We'll be expecting it then." He hung up. 

"Girls, go get your new harnesses you wore at the BDSM club." 

We got up and went into the bedroom for the harness. We put it around our neck and over our backs, returning when it was done. Master hooked our wrist cuffs to the lowest ring in the back. We sat on the sofa somewhat uncomfortably while he made another phone call. While he was calling, he idly played with the breasts of his two slaves, thrust out by the harness. As if the thought of possibly serving the driver weren't bad enough. My nipples grew so hard, they ached. 

"Hello, Regina. How are you? Great. Is Ron there. Can I speak to him please?" 

"Hi, Ron. This is Scott. Yes. Lisa isn't going to be able to play poker this Thursday. She'll be occupied with other things. Can you play in her stead? Terrific. See you on Thursday." 

Ron King was the other player who sometimes played Thursday night. Regina was his wife. Which raised a problem in my mind. The rest of the players were all single. I doubted Regina would be happy her husband would be bidding on his use of naked slave girls. I mentioned my thoughts to my Master. 

"The thought occurred to me as well," he said. "Which is why you must invite Regina tomorrow and tell her what's going to happen. You must use whatever means you can to convince her it's okay for Ron to participate. I'm sure you can be very persuasive." 

"Persuasive enough to convince a wife to let her husband get blow jobs from other women and perhaps fuck one of them. That's a tall order, Master," Lisa said. 

"It is, but I have every expectation you can convince her she won't regret it." 

By which I suspected he intended us to promise her sex in some way, shape or form. What's good for the gander, etc, etc. About ten minutes before our food was due to arrive, Master put on a robe and got a coin. One of us was going to end up fucking a total stranger. 

"You call it, Julia." 

"Tails, sir." Which one of us would be surrendering our tail? He flipped the coin and let it fall to the floor. Everyone was looking at it. Heads! 

"Heads it is. Make sure our delivery person is well treated, Lisa." 

"Yes, Master." 

I didn't know if I was happy or disappointed. On the one hand, I wouldn't have to fuck someone else and possibly hurt Master. On the other hand, I wouldn't get to fuck someone else. So far, only Master had totally been with anyone else, Lisa and Rose. Still, he'd let fate decide, so he wasn't trying to prevent someone else from using me. 

At the appointed time, our food arrived, our doorbell rang. Master gave Lisa ten dollars which she had to hold behind her back. She had a difficult time opening the door, but Master left her alone to figure it out himself. He pulled me into his lap and began caressing my sex, causing me to moan just as the door opened. Lisa was standing at the door with her arms bound back, thrusting her tits out. She couldn't take the food, which is just as well. The young man located at the door was standing there with his mouth agape. He looked to be of college age and he was built. 

"Could you please set the food on the entry table," Lisa said. 

He didn't move for ten to fifteen seconds, still staring. Master made me moan again and he finally looked at something other than Lisa, another naked slave girl being intimately caressed on her Master's lap. Lisa repeated herself, and he finally set the food down. Lisa turned backward and waved her fingers with the ten dollar bill in it. 

"This is your tip, though my Master suggested you might want a different type of tip." 

He was staring at her ass now and Lisa has a nice, well toned ass. "What kind of tip?" He finally asked. From what I could see, he had a nice cock. It looked very hard at the moment, though I was only guessing from the size of the lump in his pants. 

"Instead of this ten, perhaps you'd like to make use of a naked slave girl?" 

"Slave?" He asked; something finally penetrating beyond her nudity. 

"Yes, sir. It is voluntary on my part. I'm not being held against my will or being coerced in any way. I choose to serve the gentleman on the couch with his other slave. Her slavery is also voluntary. They're married. As part of my slavery, Master may offer me to others, which they can choose to accept or not, as it suits them. He's offering my use to you, should you choose." 

"Your use how?" 

"Use my mouth or my cunt or my ass, sir." 

"I can fuck you?" I knew it was a difficult concept to grasp, having naked slave girls offered to you, but why he wasn't already pounding her was beyond me. She was standing there naked, waiting to be taken. 

"Yes, sir, if you wish." 

"Really?" He asked Master, still amazed he was being offered this beautiful woman to fuck. 

"Yes," Master said, "and if you make her cum, you can keep the ten anyway." An incentive to use something other than her mouth. "Lisa, why don't you release his cock. He looks uncomfortable." 

Lisa couldn't use her hands, so she turned, knelt, and began pulling his zipper down with her teeth. Finally convinced this wasn't some elaborate practical joke, he finished the job for her and pulled his cock out. Watching it spring forth made me horny as hell and I asked Master for permission to cum on his fingers. He granted permission and I thrust my cunt against his fingers, whimpering like the needy slave girl I was. Lisa was finally sucking the delivery man's cock and it filled her mouth to the point she was actually struggling with it. Since she could suck Master easily, this gave me a clue as to his size. 

"Sex position," Master said, "and give him his choice of holes." 

Lisa couldn't raise her arms, but she turned, put her head on the floor and raised her bottom. He took the hint and plunged into her cunt. Lisa squealed in pleasure, pushing back against him, packing herself with his schlong. He was young and randy and ready and he pounded her hard, slapping against her ass, the sounds loud in the room. Lisa was loving it. I know she climaxed at least twice before the young man grunted and from the length of time he remained plastered to her ass, I suspected a huge load of cum was deposited in her pussy. This was further confirmed when he pulled out and thick white gobs leaked from her. 

"It sounded to me as if you earned the ten dollar tip anyway, young man. Is that right, slave?" Master asked. 

"Yes, Master. He earned every penny," Lisa said. 

The young man stood up and tucked himself away. 

"That was great, man, but I got to say, you people are crazy." 

"You're not the first to tell us that," Master laughed. 

"Am I the first to ever do this?" 

"The first to go this far," Master admitted. "This one has answered the door naked before," he said, palming my breasts. 

"I hate to fuck and run," he said, "but they're going to wonder what happened to me." He checked his watch. "I should call them or they might have the cops looking for an accident. How long have you done this and how long will it continue?" 

"My wife agreed to be my sex slave for three weeks," Master said. "We're ten days in. Lisa just started. They're both stopping at the same time." 

"If you want to order more Thai; ask for me by name would you? Marcus." 

"We'll keep you in mind," Master said. "Lisa certainly enjoyed your company." 

He shook his head in amazement as he left, dialing the restaurant. 

"Lisa, you might want to wipe yourself before you sit down to supper," Master suggested. She was still leaking profusely from the huge deposit Marcus made. 

"You'll need to release me from the halter, sir." 

"I suppose. I'll be feeding my other slave tonight. You'll have to feed yourself. Come here." 

Master released her and got the food, bringing it to the table. He opened up all the packages and sat down with me in his lap. Lisa joined us after freshening up. 

"I'm going to have Jerry over for dinner tomorrow night," Master said. "I'm going to give one of you to him to enjoy along with his dinner to thank him for his help at work." 

"Which one of us, sir?" I asked. 

"Whichever one of you he wants," Master said. "It will be his choice." 

"White silk or red silk, Master?" 

"Lisa's already agreed she wants to be red silk for her slavery. What do you want to be, slave?" 

Was this a test? Was Master checking to see if I wanted to fuck his friends. He said the choice was up to me. I could have ended up pleasuring Marcus, if I'd called heads. Would Master have had me assume the sex position and let Marcus pick a hole, or would he let me continue sucking his prick? I didn't know what to do, so I went with the safe option. 

"White silk, Master." 

"Are you sure, slave?" 

"Yes, sir. White silk." 

So, I sat on Master's lap and he fed me, often pausing to lick my breasts and kiss me, or run his hands over me, constantly keeping me on edge, though it required very little to do so. Watching Lisa fucked by Marcus had gotten my engine purring pretty good. Lisa was humming softly to herself as she ate. Master's slaves were both very happy in their slavery. Serving Master well was very freeing. Of course, I needed to cum by the time I was done feeding, and begged Master to fuck me. 

"What about Lisa?" Master asked. 

"Lisa just had Marcus, Master. It's been longer for me." 

"You've had your Master more recently. I've yet to fuck Lisa tonight." 

Of course, his logic was unassailable. He had used me more recently than Lisa. By his measure, she would be next. It was only by luck of the coin toss I wasn't fucked twice in a row but now she might be. 

"We could flip a coin, Master," I suggested. "She only won Marcus on a coin toss. At least we'd have an equal chance to win you." 

"Lisa, you have a voice in this. It is your turn. What do you want to do?" 

Lisa looked at me. She must have seen the need in my eyes. 

"I'll agree to another coin flip, provided my Master fucks the other one next regardless of when or where or any intervening events." 

"It's your turn to call it," Master said, pulling out his coin, "heads or tails?" 

"Tails, sir," Lisa called. 

Master flipped the coin and it rose in the air, flashing, and fell to the floor. Tails. Crap. My head fell. 

"When have I ever failed to take care of one of my slaves when I was with the other?" Master asked, lifting my chin. 

I searched my memory. I couldn't remember a time where he didn't find some way to make us both cum, whether from himself or the other slave. Master had been very good in that way. Neither of us felt neglected when he was fucking the other. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"I don't recall such a time, sir," I said. 

"Since you've each been trained to please a woman in addition to your Master, there are many combinations we can play with to ensure everyone is satisfied." 

"Yes, sir." 

"Lie down on the couch, slave and spread your legs so Lisa can pleasure you." 

"Yes, Master." 

I got on the couch and spread my legs. 

"Lisa, I want you to bend over the arm of the couch and begin licking the head slave's cunt, while I fuck you from behind." 

My friend leaned over the couch and I scooted closer to her until she could easily reach me and I felt her lips and tongue on me, licking and kissing my pussy. Master stood behind her, already hard, and pushed into her. Lisa recalled her training and never lost her focus as Master fucked her. He went fast, he went slow, he went hard, he went gentle, and though she mewled through several orgasms, she kept licking, kissing and sucking me through several of my own. I was so happy Master found a way to pleasure me even though it was Lisa he was fucking. 

Master grunted and ceased rocking into Lisa, giving her his seed. His pulsing ended, he told Lisa to clean his cock, which she did well and efficiently. Then he told Lisa to sit on my face and I was ordered to clean her. So my tongue delved into her soft folds, and cleaned her of her cum, Master's cum, and I suspected, some of Marcus's cum as well. Lisa climaxed again as I did so, and my face was coated when I stopped. Master cleaned off my face when I finished, gently kissing me. He'd seen adequately to his slaves needs. 

"I need to go to bed now," Master said. "I haven't gotten a ton of sleep lately and I have to get up early tomorrow. If I want to come home early, I've got to get some work done. Plan a nice dinner for Jerry and make sure you talk to Regina tomorrow. You're welcome to stay up later if you're not tired." 

If Master would be rising early, it meant his slaves would need to rise early to see to his needs or go naked for the rest of the day. We went to bed with him, settling in on either side of him and quickly falling asleep. Good sex would do that for you. 

****** 

Master was up at 4:30 and since both of us were choosing to serve him, he had us lie side by side with our heads over the edge of the bed and he took turns fucking both our throats until he climaxed in Lisa's mouth. I licked the little remaining cum off his cock before he dressed and left. We both went back to bed and slept a couple more hours. Today was yoga day, so after breakfast we worked out at home, helping each other with the most difficult poses. After yoga, we swam laps naked in the pool for an hour. Naked had become a normal state of affairs while home. 

Lisa and I discussed our meal plans for Jerry and how to approach Regina. There was blunt honesty or a more layered approach, which is what we eventually decided on. 

I called her and we asked if she could join us for lunch in two hours. She agreed and we prepared for her arrival. First we made a chicken, pecan and craisin salad over lettuce. I put on the clothes I'd earned for the day, but Lisa remained naked and I hooked her to the cross, facing outward, splay legged and with the nipple clamps on. We figured it would open up a conversation more easily if she started asking what the hell was going on. 

Regina arrived and I invited her in. We gave each other friendly hugs before she looked into the living room and saw Lisa fastened to the cross, very naked. 

"What the hell are you two up to?" She asked, shocked. 

"That's a long story," I said. "Why don't you come in and we'll tell you. I need to remove Lisa's nipple clamps now. They can't stay on too long." 

I walked over to Lisa and removed each clamp, licking her nipples as the blood rushed into each one, making her moan. I released her from the cross and she knelt down at my feet in the slave position. 

"Why don't you bring our salads and wine, slave," I told Lisa. "We'll eat here in the living room." 

"Yes, Julia. Right away." 

"Slave?" Regina asked. 

"Well, actually we're both slaves," I said, "but I'm head slave so Lisa has to do as I say." 

"Head slave?" 

"Yes. In fact, Master prefers his slaves remain naked when we're home, so if you'll excuse me, I should remove my clothes. I only put them on to answer the door." 

I proceeded to remove my clothes right in front of her and if Regina's eyes had gotten any wider, I'm sure her eyeballs would have dropped to the floor. 

"What the hell is going on?" Regina said. "What are you talking about? Slaves?" 

"Scott noted I liked to read certain kinds of books, usually books involving sexual fantasies like sex slavery to alien races or reverse harem novels involving serving multiple men. Eventually, he asked me if instead of just reading about it, I'd like to participate in an experimental sexual slavery for three weeks to see if the reality matched my fantasies. It began a week ago Friday. Thus far, my sex slavery has exceeded my expectations. I've had the greatest sex I've ever had. I'm sure I've climaxed well over a hundred times since my slavery began. It still has a week and a half to run." 

"So what does any of this have to do with Lisa?" Regina asked. 

Lisa was bringing in a tray with our salad plates and wine. She answered as she handed each of us our glasses of wine. 

"As best friends, Julia was keeping me informed about the progress of her slavery. She told me how wonderful everything is and how great the sex was. As you know, I was divorced a year ago and my sex life has totally sucked since. Actually, for longer as my husband was fucking another woman and neglecting me. During last Thursday's poker game, Julia was made to serve us naked. Each hand won, she had to orally pleasure the winner for two minutes, and after the game; Master sold her to whoever had the highest bid for fifteen minutes of oral pleasure or until they orgasmed, whichever took longer." 

"Fuck! I knew monkey business went on at these fucking poker games. Damn that little shit, Ron!" 

I laid my hand on Regina's arm. She glared at me. "No, Regina. Nothing like that has ever occurred at the poker games before. I promise you. It's the reason we wished to speak to you. The others, except for Master, are all single. There was no reason to be concerned if I had sex with anyone. No one else was affected by our games. We know Ron is married and someone else would be affected if he played. Master and I both felt it was appropriate we speak to you before he participated." 

"You're looking for my approval to fuck my husband? Fat chance!" 

"It wouldn't necessarily be without its compensations," Lisa said. 

"What compensations?" Regina demanded. 

"Lisa or I or both are willing to do for you now what Ron might experience on Thursday night. If you'd allow him to play, you should receive some pleasure as well. We can make you cum now and you're also welcome to attend on Thursday to see what happens. If you feel the pleasure is disproportionate, we would be willing to further compensate you." 

"I'm not a lesbian," Regina said angrily. 

"Neither are we," Lisa said. "But as sex slaves, we're required to serve whomever our Master directs us to serve, man or woman. You're not required to respond in kind. We're here for your pleasure not ours. In fact, we're not allowed to climax without Master's permission, so any return on your part would be very frustrating for us." 

"So, if I wanted, one of you would lick me to orgasm and I don't have to do anything? That's it?" 

"One or both," I said, "until you're satisfied to the point you have no objection to Ron playing." 

Regina started to eat her chicken salad, and we began to do likewise since it seemed she was willing to talk and listen. 

"You'd do that and you don't call yourselves lesbians?" She asked 

"Neither of us had ever been with a woman before our slavery started," I assured her, "though Master made sure we were well trained immediately." 

"We both prefer cocks," Lisa said, "without question." 

"I still don't know how you became involved," Regina said to Lisa. "What happened to cause Julia to let you fuck her husband?" 

"Lisa was a player on Thursday," I answered. "Every time she won, I had to lick her the same as I had to for the men. After the game, she bid on my services and won the bid. I licked her to several orgasms after her winning bid. She approached me on Friday saying she was aroused by the whole thing at the poker game and wanted to experience what I was talking about herself. She's had limited sex for so long and wanted to see if it was as enjoyable for her as it was for me. She asked for my permission to join me in my slavery while it lasted." 

"And you agreed?" 

"My Master is letting me be with other men in order to experience my fantasy as much as possible. It didn't seem right I should keep Master from having another to serve him while I served others." 

"How many other men have you fucked?" 

"So far, I've only been a white silk slave, able to serve others orally. I've sucked eight other cocks thus far and licked three different cunts, my trainer, Lisa, and a sales clerk at a department store Master made me seduce." 

"Gwen will also being here on Thursday, serving as red silk slave," Lisa said. "She's gone without sex, even toys, for five years, and wants to be fucked again." 

"Okay, so who's Gwen and what's a red silk slave?" Regina asked. 

"Gwen is the sales clerk I seduced so I'd be allowed to orgasm and red silk is a slave who must surrender all three of her holes in order to satisfy someone," I said. "Gwen and Lisa will be red silk on Thursday. I haven't decided yet what I'll be." 

"So everyone who wants, gets to fuck any one of your holes on Thursday night?" Lisa was asked. 

"No, they are each bid upon by the players. They may only bid what they've won in the poker game, with the money going to charity, so Chen wasn't able to bid at all because he went all in and lost. All he got for the evening was having his cock sucked for the times he won a hand." 

"He still climaxed twice though," I said. 

"So other than having his cock sucked for two minutes after winning a hand, Ron might not win anymore sex." 

"That would be a true statement," I said. "It would depend upon his skill as a poker player, the size of the pots he won and what others bid for our services." 

"There will be six men in the game and seven or nine possible sex acts to bid on if three women are serving as slaves, depending on whether you choose to be white or red silk?" Regina computed. 

"Which means one or more men would have to be pleasured twice," I said following her reasoning, "unless they run out of money to bid. They can only bid what they've won, no money from outside the game." 

"That also means if someone cleaned everyone else out, they would be the only bidder for any of your services and they'd get all of the sex." 

"Theoretically," I agreed, "though I don't think anyone else wants to stay up all night in order to ensure they can get it up seven to nine times. That's a lot for any man, even if we offered twenty-four hours to collect. We've only done it once, so it hasn't come up, but we're thinking it all needs to be done in a couple hours after the game." 

"Not to mention, they might have cum a couple times before the bidding started," Lisa added. 

"Is there anything preventing me from playing poker with you?" Regina asked. 

"No. I didn't know you played," Lisa said. 

"I can play. I normally don't, but I can play. And I can win the same services as anyone else can?" 

"The services of a female. We don't have any male slaves," I said. 

"Does Ron know he's got the opportunity to bid on sex slaves?" Regina asked. 

"I don't know if he's spoken to any of the other players," I replied, "but neither we nor Master have discussed it with him. At this point, no one knows about the participation of Lisa or Gwen either. As far as anyone knows, it's just me." 

"I'll agree to Ron playing if I can play as well, and you both lick me to an orgasm now. I want to see what I'm playing for." 

"We agree," Lisa said. "Would you like to finish eating first then retire to the bedroom for comfort, or would you like us to start while you're eating?" 

"Start now," Regina said. "I'll take the first one while I'm eating, then we can get comfortable for the second." 

"Who would you like to start?" I asked. 

"You, since you started this thing," she replied. 

I proceeded to give Regina what I considered to be the best job of pussy pleasing I'd ever done, despite her thatch of pubic hair. Every bit of the seduction Mistress Dark taught me, taking my own sweet time to show her how much we appreciated her cooperation. She started out by eating as I went, but soon put her plate down to concentrate on what I was doing. Within five minutes, she was panting hard, within ten, she was shuddering, she felt so good. In fifteen minutes, she screamed in orgasm, clutching my face to her moist folds. 

"Oh, fuck! Don't stop, don't stop. Oh, God! Don't stop." 

Of course I couldn't stop. She wouldn't let go of my head and since I was there anyway, I kept going. Her shivering finally stopped and her legs relaxed. 

"You do that so much better than Ron does," Regina said, breathing hard. "Are you sure you're not a closet lesbian?" She finished off her glass of wine in a single gulp and Lisa poured her some more. 

"I'm fairly certain," I said, looking up at her from between her legs. "Another slave recently told me sexual orientation is not about who you fuck, it's about who you want to fuck. Since she preferred cunt all the time, she considered herself a lesbian. Since I would prefer cock, I'm heterosexual." 

"If you just started, how did you become so good?" 

"Master put us to training with a dominatrix who keeps female slaves. She made sure we were competent rug munchers before she finished our training. We were pleasing or we were punished, plus we couldn't cum unless our Mistress came," I said. "We're to seduce and love our Master in the same way, to always strive to be pleasing to him no matter what we're experiencing ourselves." 

"And Scott sent you to the same training, Lisa?" Regina asked. 

"Twenty-four hours to learn how to lick pussy, deep throat cock, tolerate punishment, and be pleasing to a Master or Mistress," Lisa replied. "Scott wanted to be sure I would actually enjoy being a sex slave before accepting me as his sex slave since I'd never had the same fantasies as Julia did." 

"I should send Ron for training," Regina said. 

"My understanding is she does train males to be subs as well. Master said he saw one there went he was learning how to be a Master. He was in a cage lapping his food from a dish. We've both seen male sex slaves at a BDSM club we visited." 

"I didn't get much eating done, so let's eat before we do that again. I'm suddenly starving," Regina said. 

"We're always hungry. Good sex burns a lot of energy." 

"No wonder I'm never hungry." 

We all finished our meal and had another glass of wine before retiring to the bedroom. 

"Lisa can pleasure you as I did," I said, "or if you want to get undressed, I'll lick and suck your breasts while she's licking your cunt." 

Without a word, she began removing her clothes. Regina had a nice body and looked like she cared for herself. 

"You would make a lovely slave," I said, "with the type of body and face a Master would love to slap a collar on." 

"I'm afraid I wouldn't make good slave material," she said. "I'm not very submissive." The last of her clothes came off and she lay down on the bed, spreading her legs. Lisa got on the bed with her, but delayed her pleasuring so we could finish our conversation. She was idly rubbing Regina's leg. 

"I understand," I said. "I've never dreamed of being in a position of power. I always imagined myself as a slave type, finding true love at the hand of a strong Master." 

"And have you found true love with your Master?" 

"I love him more than I could ever say. When he first suggested this to me, I thought it was to have more and different types of sex, but when he offered me the full slave experience including letting me have sex with others, despite knowing how he feels about infidelity, I love him even more. He didn't even do it so he could have sex with others. I know he refused offers of sex with two of Mistress Dark's slaves and he was reluctant to accept Lisa's offer of slavery until I pushed him to accept. He shared me with others for my pleasure, not his, and I'll be forever thankful." 

I nodded at Lisa to begin and she began the same slow seduction I'd used. I climbed onto the bed with them and began to kiss and lick and suckle Regina's proud nipples. Hers were big and prominent and sensitive like mine. Her breath hissed sometimes when I sucked them. 

"Why haven't you served as a red silk slave?" Regina asked after a few minutes, beginning to breathe heavily. 

I stopped what I was doing momentarily to answer. "I know Master is more comfortable seeing me with women. I don't want to hurt him." I resumed what I was doing. 

"It seems to me...pant, pant...he's offering something special...because he wants you to enjoy a special fantasy...of yours. He wouldn't have offered...if he didn't want you to enjoy it to...the fullest. Enjoy his gift..." She moaned. "Refusing....seems like....not wearing....some clothes....or jewelry....he gave you....that you don't....appreciate the....gift." She screamed, "Oh, fuck. I'm cumming again, ooohhhh, please don't stop. Damn you're so good at that." Regina trembled. 

"She's right, you know," Master said, standing at the door. "It is like not appreciating my gift." 

Regina scrambled to cover herself with something, but we were all sitting on the bed and there was nothing to be had immediately at hand. Finally, Lisa and I sat in front of her, while she grabbed a couple pillows and covered the good bits. 

"Master," I said, "you're home earlier than we expected." 

"I also left two hours earlier for work. I apologize Regina," Master said, "I didn't mean to bother you mid negotiations. I'm assuming my slaves were trying to gain your acquiescence for letting Ron play?" 

"Yes. Could you please give me a moment. We can discuss this more after I'm dressed." 

"Don't stop unless you're done. I can leave you alone for awhile," Master replied. 

"We were just finishing up," Regina said. "Nothing more to negotiate." 

Master smiled at us. "Are you sure your orgasm was complete? I may have kind of blown the end of it for you." 

Regina laughed. "It could have gone on a bit more, but I'm afraid it's gone now, so I think we're pretty much done here." 

Master stepped out of the room. Regina got up and hastily dressed. Lisa and I were slaves and had no need to dress. We waited with her until she was ready to go, then went out together, me leading the way. 

"So, will Ron be joining us on Thursday night?" Master asked. 

"Regina agreed he could play if she could play as well," I said. "She just wanted to see what she was playing for." 

"You play poker, Regina? I got the impression from Ron you didn't play, or we could have invited you to play more often," Master asked. 

"Probably what he said was he didn't like to play with me. I usually beat him. These neighborhood games tend to be boring for me. I end up taking everyone's money. I tend to doubt this game will be as boring as most of them for other reasons." 

"Really," Master said. "How so?" 

"I've played in the World Series of Poker a few times. I never made it to Las Vegas, but I've been to the regionals a couple times." 

Master laughed. "Well that should make it more interesting. Did my slaves explain the rules of the game to you?" 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"Rudiments, I guess. Each winning hand gets two minutes of oral pleasure for the winner. After the game, you can use your poker winnings to bid on the sexual services of a slave. Is there anything else I should know?" 

"Well, to avoid delaying the game too long, the men started leaving their cocks out of their pants to speed up the payoff, so expect to see a lot of erections. Second, in order to ensure my slave wasn't harmed or mistreated in any way, I felt it was important for me to keep an eye on the sale payoff, which didn't seem to bother anyone, although with Lisa winning the slave, perhaps not that surprising. I feel responsible for all three people now, so it's probably even more important. When Lisa played, she initially wore jeans and had to borrow one of Julia's dresses with no underwear so she could receive her two minutes without the men staring at her crotch. She got naked at the end, more of her own volition, I believe, because she had a side bet with Jerry to rim her ass while she was getting her pussy licked. I'm unsure if you'd need to do so, depending on what you bid on and how you intended to collect. I do believe some of the men felt they should get to see Lisa since she got to see them, but it's up to you, I think." 

"It's a little more organized than a full blown orgy then, but no sneaking off to the bedroom for the action?" 

"Not without an audience, but a little more organized. I don't want a sexual melee. I consider the slaves my property for the duration and don't want anything bad to happen to them. There will be some limit on how long they're used, usually up to one orgasm or fifteen minutes. Since for two of them at least, I'll be selling all three of their holes, I'm leaving it up to the slave whether they will take all three at once, or one at a time." 

"I could have three cocks in me at once, Master?" I asked. 

"If you're red silk," he replied. 

"Would you be terribly hurt if I serve as red silk, sir?" I asked. 

"Regina was right. I'm trying to give you a full slave experience. I've protected my emotions as best as I can and I would not be offering if I didn't want you to accept. Refusing to take what's offered is somewhat of an insult, although I try not to take it as such because I know you're doing it to protect me, but it also says I don't know what I'm doing, or can't handle my own plan." 

"Then you won't mind if I'm red silk when Jerry comes for dinner tonight, sir?" 

"No, dear slave. I want you to enjoy your fantasy to the fullest extent. How can you know if you truly enjoy being a sex slave without the entire experience?" 

"You're going to let your wife have sex with Jerry tonight?" Regina asked. 

"Whether or not she has sex with Jerry will be up to Jerry. I'm offering one of my slaves to him, his choice. There is the matter of the anal rimming Lisa took from him last week. He may be hoping for some payback, but which slave he chooses will be up to him." 

Master was right. Lisa may get some payback tonight. She didn't look unduly concerned though. Why should she be concerned when everyone saw what a nice cock Jerry had? 

Regina said, "We'll both be here on Thursday. Be prepared to lose your money. Thanks for the use of your slaves." 

"You're welcome. Look forward to it." 

Regina left and Master took a shower, both of his slaves waiting for him when he left the shower stall. I knew I was next on the list to be fucked and was looking forward to cumming, the incident with Regina and discussing being red silk leaving me very aroused. I made sure Master understood my need. 

"Something you want, slave?" 

"Only for my Master to fuck his slave girl," I replied. 

Master did fuck his slave girl, this time having me at the edge of the bed while Lisa rode my face so Master could kiss her and play with her breasts as he fucked me. I didn't mind though. He was fucking me and Lisa tasted good. His two slaves both came multiple times before Master emptied himself in me, leaving us all panting. 

****** 

SCOTT 

My slaves didn't get much woodworking done today. Apparently, Regina had taken some convincing. What had been done yesterday was ready to start putting together, so after some great sex, that's what I did. They worked on preparing supper for our guest. When five rolled around, I helped prepare for dinner by grilling the steaks. I'd found a bourbon/brown sugar glaze for the steaks that looked great. If I was thanking him for his help, some fine food and wine was called for in addition to lovely slave girls, so in addition to the steaks, I pulled a Cabernet Sauvignon which was highly rated by Wine Magazine. Jerry had said he was going to be here at six. 

When he turned into our driveway, I had my two slaves kneel by the door to greet him. Of course he knew my slave would be here and naked. He didn't know I'd acquired another one since last Thursday. I hadn't revealed the surprise. When he came in the door, his eyes popped. 

"What the fuck, Scott! You've got two slaves now?" 

"It seems Lisa was intrigued by thoughts of servitude and all the sex which might be available as a result. She asked to join our little party." 

"Welcome, Master Jerry," Julia said. "Can we help make your evening more pleasant?" 

"We are both red silk slaves," Lisa said, "able to serve a Master in every way." 

"What the hell does that mean?" Jerry asked. 

"I'm offering you your choice of slave tonight, Jerry, to thank you for all your help," I said. "No holes barred. You may use your choice of slave in whatever way you choose." 

"You're kidding?" Jerry said. 

"No joke. Pick one and she's yours for the evening. You can start with a blow job to take the edge off." 

"You're offering your wife for me to have sex with? Not just oral sex." 

"If you want. My slave wanted the full experience. That means she will be offered to my honored guests, and I don't have anyone more honored than you, Jerry. You're a great friend and co-worker. I couldn't run my business without you. I can't thank you enough for the extra work you've put in so I could have time off with my slave. I've got two now so pick one. I'll have the other for the evening. Let's make your choice more fun," I said. "Display." 

Both slaves jumped up and stood in the display position, their legs parted, their breasts high. 

"Touch them," I said. "Feel their tits, their asses, their cunts. See which of them you'd prefer to fuck." 

Jerry did exactly that. He ran his hands all over the two slaves, touching every part of their bodies. When he touched Julia's bald slit, she said, "Pick me, Master Jerry. I will ensure your evening is one you'll never forget. Put your fingers inside me, sir. Feel how wet I am for you." He shoved two calloused fingers inside her and Julia moaned, the needy little slut. 

I was hit with conflicting emotions watching his dark fingers disappearing into my wife's cunt and imagining it could just as easily be his prick vanishing into her pussy. She was my wife as well as my slave. I had very definite ideas regarding fidelity, but I'd told her she could have a full sex slave experience and I'd already fucked two other women. She'd yet to fuck another man, though only a coin toss determined it wasn't her with Marcus last night. Yet it was undeniably erotic watching her moan on Jerry's fingers. I tamped down on the disquieted side of my interior argument. I wanted her to have fun with her fantasy. 

"I'm wet too, Master Jerry," Lisa said. "Touch me and see. Pick me and you can take revenge on me for asking you to lick my ass, sir." 

Jerry shoved two fingers inside Lisa, finding her equally wet. When he pulled his fingers out, Lisa begged to lick herself off them. 

"How the hell do you keep both of them so aroused all the time?" Jerry asked as Lisa licked his fingers. 

"I don't. Their slavery keeps them aroused. They know they have to be pleasing at any time, so it's like their own bodies recognize the need to stay prepared for sex. It also makes them relatively easy to satisfy. They climax easily and often." 

"They're both exquisite slaves. How the hell do you pick?" 

"I don't pick. I take turns. You can leave it to chance; flip a coin or draw straws. You won't be disappointed in either one," I said. 

"They'll both be red silk for the poker game?" 

"Yes. Plus another surprise. Don't tell the others, but we'll have a third joining us." 

"Who? Anyone I know?" Jerry asked. 

"Not unless you do your shopping in the women's department of the mall department store. She's the manager there." 

"How the fuck did she get involved in this?" 

"One of Julia's first tasks was to seduce a sales clerk into allowing her to lick her cunt," I replied. "Gwen was the one Julia seduced. We went there Sunday for some slave clothes for Lisa and Gwen asked to join our poker game as a slave. She's not permanent. Only for Thursday night. She's married." 

"Shit! This is crazy man. I choose Lisa. Start sucking my cock now. I'm dying for some relief." 

My little slave got a look of disappointment on her face. I breathed a silent inhalation of relief. One more day where she remained mine alone. She remained in the display position as Lisa knelt down and opened his pants, withdrawing his hard cock. Into her mouth it went and all the way down. Jerry groaned throatily. 

"What's Gwen's husband think of the whole sex slave thing?" Jerry asked, breathing hard, a couple minutes into his blow job. 

"I doubt Gwen will tell him," I said. "There's been some medical issues preventing him from performing and he's lost interest in any form of sex from oral to toys. He won't even let Gwen masturbate with a vibrator and refuses to seek counseling for it. She's doing this on her own. Come here, slave," I told Julia. "You can help me set the table." 

She came to me and I pulled her into a close embrace, kissing and fondling her body. "Don't worry, slave," I whispered. "You'll get your chance. I suspect he's a bit nervous about fucking the boss's wife. He'll come round eventually." 

She kissed me, plastering her body against mine. "Thank you, Master, for giving me the opportunity to serve as red silk." 

"You're welcome. Here are the dishes, and you can pour the wine. The steaks are almost done." 

"Yes, sir." 

The table was set in no time and I plattered the steaks and baked potatoes. Julia poured the wine and put salad in the salad bowls. By the time Jerry emptied his full balls in Lisa's mouth, we were set to eat. 

"I like to have my naked slave sit on my lap while I feed her," I told Jerry, "but if you do the same with your pants on, you'll get cum all over the leg of your slacks. It's why I'm wearing shorts." 

Jerry laughed and took off his pants, sitting at the table in his jockey shorts. He place Lisa on his lap, generally following my lead where it came to his slave. We enjoyed a leisurely meal with our slaves refilling the wine glasses when they got empty. 

We were both hard when the meal was over and I shed my shorts and had Julia mount my shaft and ride my cock. Jerry had Lisa doing the same within thirty seconds. I warned Jerry his slave needed permission each time she needed to cum unless he gave blanket permission. Both slaves were begging to orgasm within three minutes of the time we started, panting as they rode us. Jerry gave Lisa permission and she climaxed immediately. I told Julia she had to wait for at least three minutes. I don't know if it was the situation, her overall excitement at being red silk or some other factor, but she was having difficulty holding off. 

"Please, Master," she said, "let your pitiful slave cum." No more than a minute had passed. 

"No, you need to hold it, slave." 

She tried holding still, but I wasn't having any of that. I fucked her harder, bouncing her up and down on my lap. 

"Master, please! I can't wait any longer. I need to cum." 

"No! Wait!" 

Within fifteen seconds, she moaned and I felt the familiar contractions of her cumming. "I'm sorry, Master. I couldn't wait." She bounced more energetically, feeling she'd already lost the race, she might as well enjoy the loss to her greatest benefit. My prick was awash in her cum. 

The next time Lisa had to cum, Jerry followed my lead and wouldn't let her. He told her she had to wait. She had the same difficulty. She lasted maybe two minutes before she surrendered to her pleasure, sobbing at her failure, but still cumming hard and long. 

The next couple times Julia had to cum, I let her, and she gratefully rained kisses on me each time as she shivered through her orgasms. Jerry thought making his slave wait was a lot of fun. It had greatly enhanced Lisa's previous orgasm, so he did it again the third time she had to cum, and she tried desperately to obey, knowing the paddle was next. Like Julia, she tried to hold still to wait it out, but Jerry's cock kept sliding in and out and finally she gave way. 

"Fuck! Fuck! I'm cumming," she whimpered. "Oh, God, I'm cumming." Her back bowed as she climaxed, moaning loudly. "Oooh, oooh, oooh. Fuck me." 

Lisa's release triggered his and Jerry's cock pulsed, pushing his cum inside her. I climaxed shortly after, spurting deep into my own slave. 

The smell of raunchy sex was everywhere. Julia dropped to her knees to clean me off and Lisa did as well, leaving two glistening, tired cocks in their wake. 

"Clean up the dishes, slaves," I said. "Jerry, can I offer you a brandy?" 

"Thanks. Don't mind if I do." 

I pulled up my shorts and poured some some brandy in snifters and we went into the living room to sit on the couch. I turned on some music, some smooth jazz as we waited for our slaves to join us. 

"I can't believe you, Scott. You're living the fucking life of Riley here." 

"If I don't get fucked to death, you mean." 

"But what a way to die. If I could die in the saddle, it'd be worth it, you know. How the hell do I find myself a slave?" 

"I found mine by seeing what she liked to read. You could always hang around in book stores and libraries and observing what the women are checking out." 

"I don't have time for that." 

"If you don't have time for sex, you're doing something wrong," I said. 

"It's not the sex I don't have time for. It's hanging out in libraries and book stores. How long would I have to wait to find someone checking out a sex slave book? They probably buy on-line or e-readers so no one knows how kinky their tastes run." 

"That's true," I admitted. "Julia was buying her stuff on Amazon." 

My slaves joined us. "Instead of waiting for a woman to check something out, sir," Julia said, "check out your own book and read it in the library, holding it so everyone can see what you're reading. See if you get any bites." 

"Or, you could put an ad in the personal columns, sir" Lisa said, sitting in his lap and kissing him. "I tried a few dates that way, but it wasn't a great way to find long term relationship material, but finding your own slave might be easier." 

"We'll keep our eyes open, Master Jerry, and let you know if we find something," Julia added, settling into my lap. I caressed her. 

"So, what's next?" Jerry asked. 

"Disobedient slaves have to be punished," I said. "Cumming without permission is a punishable offense. Thirty swats for each offense. The first thirty with your hand, the second thirty with a whip or paddle. Lisa, since you orgasmed twice without permission, get the paddle and bring it here." 

She lowered her face and answered softly, "Yes, Master." She disappeared into the bedroom to get the Enforcer, returning thirty seconds later. 

"You actually punish your slaves for climaxing without permission?" Jerry asked. 

"Certainly. It's a fairly severe offense. My slave's orgasms belong to me. If they cum anytime they want, it nullifies the training they've received, plus they could end up having orgasms all day long and forget to whom they belong, forget it's their Master they have to please." 

"I didn't know about the punishment," Jerry said. "I'm sorry." 

"Lisa knew. You didn't even make her wait all that long. She was cumming within a couple minutes of when you told her not to. My own slave was equally at fault. I suspect having you here has got both of them in a sexual dither. Someone new and fresh to fuck, isn't that right, slave?" 

"I believe it is, Master," Julia said. "The thought of possibly having to please Master Jerry did have this slave more aroused than usual." 

"Jerry, I believe you should punish your slave since it was you she disobeyed." 

"I don't know anything about punishing slaves," Jerry said. "I wouldn't know what to do." 

"You got spanked when you were a child, didn't you?" I asked. 

"Oh, hell yes. Momma was a huge believer in spare the rod, spoil the child." 

"Well, it's the same with slaves. All you have to remember is that you're big and strong with work hardened hands and take that into account when you spank her soft squidgy bottom. You get some feedback from your hand, though not as much as she'll feel. I suggest you keep an eye on her bum. I don't want you to bruise her, but her ass should get a nice red color which will linger for about an hour. She won't squeal too much unless you really start to hurt her so if she squawks too much, you may be going too hard. An orgasm releases endorphins into her body which helps suppress any pain she feels, so feel free to finger fuck her to an orgasm fifteen or twenty swats in to give her a breather, but she'd better ask for permission for that one. Start out somewhat light, and work up to harder swats and spread them around. Over your lap is nice. There's nothing like a naked slave girl squirming over your lap to give you another erection when you've already orgasmed." 

Jerry laughed and said, "Get over my lap, slave." 

Lisa said, "Yes, sir," and got over his lap. 

"Keep count for your Master," I reminded her. 

She responded and I watched him give her the first few strokes, assessing how hard he seemed to be going. As suggested, he did start lighter and then increase the strength of his swats. Lisa wriggled delightfully over his crotch as her bottom started getting red, keeping track of every stroke. 

"Now you, slave," I told Julia. "Please keep track of the strokes in your head so we don't confuse Jerry. Just call out when we reach the end." 

"Yes, Master." Julia climbed over my legs presenting her beautiful bottom to my hand. I started her spanking as I kept close watch on Lisa. Though she silently wept as Jerry's swats got harder, she didn't give any indication of worse than expected pain. He did the other thing I suggested and paused over half way through to give her an orgasm, and when she asked for permission to cum, he didn't delay at all. He finished the remainder of his strokes after her orgasm. 

I didn't give my own slave an orgasm halfway through, for she was only getting thirty and I was fucking her after. When she called the end, I had her bend over the couch and plunged right into her wet heat. I would last a while this time, so after I'd plundered her cunt for several minutes and one orgasm, I adjusted my aim northward and took her ass, her pussy providing the lubrication. Julia moaned throatily when I penetrated her back door. 

Jerry was fucking Lisa now, and she was squealing for an entirely different reason than a spanking. Jerry was punishing her with his cock, slapping against her hand reddened ass hard as he pumped her assiduously. Every time she asked for permission to cum, Jerry granted a speedy release, not wanting to further punish his slave. 

My own slave was cumming often as well, not as frequently as Lisa, but she was enjoying herself, backing onto my cock as I fucked her. She got permission to climax quickly each time except the last when I knew I was going to cum soon. I made her wait until I released so we could cum together. She was able to wait this time, the need not so immediate when I was fucking her ass. When we'd both ceased spasming, she got a wet washcloth to wash me. Jerry finished and his slave was whimpering quietly, lying limp where he'd left her, seemingly exhausted. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"You'll need to use the Enforcer on your slave now. Given the number of times she climaxed, she should tolerate it well." I handed the paddle to him. "I'll give you a warning about this. Slaves tend to dislike it a lot. It stings like hell without much effort on your part. It's flexible and won't leave bruises or extensive marking. I strongly suggest you hit your thigh with it first to get an idea of how much it stings. I'm going to put Lisa in the stocks for this. Come on, girl," I said to her. 

Lisa reluctantly rose to her feet, walked to the bondage furniture and obediently laid her head and wrists in the holes. I lowered the restraining bar over them, trapping her in the pillory. I lowered her head to a lower position in case Jerry wanted to use her mouth again after. I spread her legs and fastened them so they were spread apart. 

I handed him a bottle of lube. "Just in case you want to fuck her ass after you're done," I said. "Otherwise her mouth is at the right height to take." 

Jerry laughed. "I can see what you meant about getting fucked to death," he said. 

I patted his back. "I know you can do it. I have complete faith in you. Your slave will probably want to cum again after this." 

So while I sat comfortably on my couch with my naked slave in my lap, we watched Jerry test the Enforcer on his own thigh. 

"Damn, you're right. This bastard stings like hell." 

"Remember that when you use it on your slave," I said. "By the way, that handle can be used to fuck the slave with, in case you want to shift from pain to pleasure and back again." 

He looked at the handle and laughed. "So it does." 

I was happy to see Jerry was very careful with the Enforcer, starting off easy and pretty much staying easy the whole way. Since she'd just had her ass spanked with his hand, it was good he took it easy. It didn't stop Lisa from whimpering and crying some more. It did sting, but she never wailed or gnashed her teeth or anything to indicate she couldn't take anymore. Halfway through, he turned it around and fucked her to another orgasm, and considering how red her bottom was, she asked permission to cum fairly quickly. Jerry continued all the way through her release before turning it around and smacking her some more. 

I played with my slave's breasts while we watched, and she asked for permission to cum when Jerry resumed the spanking. 

"Just from tweaking your nipples, slave?" I asked. 

"Yes, Master, please. I'm so aroused. I have been all day, ever since Regina was here and knowing Jerry was going to be here." 

"Cum for me then," I said, and I watched her body tighten as she climaxed, more of our cum oozing from her cunt. She sighed ecstatically as she released. 

Lisa's punishment ended and Jerry was hard again. He smeared lubricant on her star, shoved his cock into her steamy sheath to lube it, then pushed his nice thick cock into Lisa's red bottom. 

"Her ass is so hot," Jerry groaned. "It has to be at least five degrees hotter than the rest of her skin." 

"A lot of blood flow to the affected regions," I said. "I suspect it's what makes them so aroused from their punishment." 

"Master, can I cum," Lisa moaned, proving my point. Jerry had only been in her ass for half a minute. 

"Cum as much as you want, slave," Jerry moaned, buried in her tight ass. 

Cum she did. Not once, but three times before Jerry groaned and emptied his final load in her rectum. Since Lisa was still locked in the stocks, Julia got a washcloth and gently washed his prick for him. It had to be gentle. Jerry had cum four times since arriving at six PM, four hours ago, and he was feeling the effects of so much fucking. 

"I don't know how you do it, Scott. I feel fucked raw." 

"I've learned to pace myself," I said. "I only orgasmed three times in the same space you did four. The first few days when everything was new, I was more like you. I probably would have only gone twice more if you weren't here pushing my slaves to new heights. Three or four times a day is what I shoot for now. Once in the morning and two or three more times at night." 

I got up and released Lisa. "Thank Jerry for showing you a good time, slave." 

Lisa knelt and kissed his knob and his cock twitched. "No more of that now," he said. "I'm done for now." 

"Thank you, Master Jerry, for thoroughly and completely fucking this slave. I've enjoyed myself very much. I hope I've atoned for making you lick my ass." 

"Hell yes," he said. "The ass fucking alone would have done it." 

"Goodbye, Jerry. We'll see you in a couple days." 

"I'll be here. Wild horses couldn't keep me away." 

Lisa escorted him to the door. 

When she returned, I asked, "Have my slaves had a good time this evening?" 

"Yes, Master," Julia said. "Even his presence added to my arousal, sir." 

"He is an excellent Master, sir. He made this slave cum and cum," Lisa said. 

"He has a beautiful cock, Master," Julia added. 

"I'm glad you enjoyed the evening. We need to retire now; I'm getting up early again tomorrow." 

We went to bed and once again, I slept peacefully and deeply between two naked sex slaves. 

****** 

Both slaves woke up with me and took turns sucking my cock. This time it was Lisa who drank my cum. They both returned to sleep while I went to work. It was mid-morning before my day slowed enough to run into Jerry who was monitoring the Watkins construction to keep it going. I wanted to finish it as fast as we could. The sooner they were no longer in my life, the more serene my life would be. 

He thanked me again for sharing my slaves with him. 

"Did you sleep well?" I asked, smiling. 

"The sleep of the dead," he admitted. 

"A side benefit of sexy slave girls," I laughed. "I'm rarely restless at night." 

Jerry was quiet for a moment, then asked, "Would you really have let me fuck your wife or was it some kind of test?" 

"No test, Jerry. I think Julia sometimes believes the same thing; that I'm somehow testing our marriage. I know what her fantasies were. I read a few of the same books she did to see where her mind is. I have no doubt she would remain faithful if it was something I required of her. Our marriage has been and is strong. Once I decided to do this, it was the biggest question I had; whether or not I could let her have every experience she dreamed about. I didn't ask her if she wanted to do this until I was reasonably sure I could let it go all the way. I admit to a small sense of relief when you chose Lisa last night, but I was perfectly willing to let her proceed as red silk last night. It wouldn't affect our friendship if you chose her instead. Julia agreed to let me have Lisa, plus I fucked another slave on Saturday. She's already given up more than I have for this fantasy. 

"I know some of the books she's enjoyed are what they call reverse harem books, where one girl is forced to please multiple men, often more than one at a time. I know she'll be in hog's heaven if she's taken by more than one man at a time. I suspect it will happen on Thursday, when all three of her sexual orifices are auctioned off." 

"You're talking about a double penetration," Jerry said. 

"Or a triple. Air tight as the saying goes. Three cocks and one woman, completely stuffed head to toe." 

"Jesus. Just the thought of it makes my dick hard. And you wouldn't go nuts seeing it? Would you watch?" 

"I have to watch, to make sure she isn't hurt. Nothing I'm doing here means I want my wife harmed in any way. As long as she's enjoying herself, it's fine. If it stops being enjoyable, it needs to end. We both have a word to use if either of us can't go any farther with what we're doing. At this point, I'll be responsible for three women. Lisa is doing this because she trusts me to keep her from any meaningful harm. If she didn't trust me, she wouldn't do it. So I have an accountability for her as well. I also feel responsibility for Gwen. She wouldn't be in this if I didn't have Julia seduce her. She wants to enjoy herself; not be raped by a bunch of strangers." 

"I'll help you keep an eye on them," Jerry said. "No one will get hurt on my watch." 

"Thank you. All three slaves will have a safe word of 'Alpha'. If any one of them says it, whatever is happening has to stop, no questions asked, no arguments. If they say 'Omega', they no longer wish to participate as slaves at all. They're to be left totally alone from that moment on." 

"Alpha and Omega. Got it." 

"I've got to get going. Try to keep things running smoothly here. I don't need any more shit from the Watkins." 

"What time you leaving today, boss?" 

"I'm hoping to leave at two, skip lunch, go straight home and enjoy my slaves some more." 

"Don't blame you. Leave it to me." 

****** 

I got away at 2:30, getting home about 3:15. I was starving, so before playing with anyone, I had to eat. Both of my slaves were disappointed they couldn't cum yet. They were as hungry for sex as I was for food. It was Lisa's turn to be fucked, but I knew Julia would be disappointed if she had to wait much longer, so today I had them both lean over the bed after I took a shower and starting and ending with Lisa, fucked them both, switching back and forth. They both only climaxed once, the constant shifting back and forth interrupting their rhythms, and I didn't last that long since I was doing my first since arriving home. 

They'd made great progress on the other furniture, so I spent some time putting it together after. For supper, we had leftover steak and salad, and I fed Lisa, fingering her to another orgasm after we ate. Later, we sat together on the couch watching TV while I stroked and caressed my two naked slave girls, keeping them on edge for later. 

"I talked to Jerry today," I said, "about last night and tomorrow." 

"What did he say, Master?" Julia asked. "Did he enjoy himself?" 

I laughed. "What do you think, slave?" 

"I believe he enjoyed fucking Lisa very much," Julia said. 

"Yes, he did. He was also curious if I would have let him fuck you, beautiful slave," I said, caressing her beautiful breasts and perky pointed nipples. "Like you, he wondered if I was giving him some kind of test. Of course, I reassured him he could have had you, fucked you silly like he did Lisa." 

"Master, can I cum?" Julia said, panic in her voice. 

"Not yet," I ordered. "Just the thought of riding his big black cock has you excited doesn't it, slave?" 

"Yes, Master," she moaned. 

"I explained about your reading material and your fascination with reverse harem stories and how you'd light up like a Christmas tree if you were double or triple penetrated tomorrow." 

"Fuck! I'm cumming, Master. I couldn't wait," she said, thrusting her breasts into my hands and turning to kiss me. "Even talking about it made me cum, sir." 

"I knew it would," I laughed. "Your desires are so obvious." 

"Will we be triple penetrated tomorrow, Master?" Lisa asked. 

"It will be up to you," I said. "All three of your holes will be sold, though if Regina is as good a card player as she indicates, your mouths could be licking cunt instead of sucking cock. It will be your choice if you wish to do all three at once or one at a time." 

"Will you be bidding on me, sir?" Julia asked. "Will you be one of the three?" 

"I don't know," I replied. "I may not have enough money to bid on either of you. I expect you'll be very popular. I do intend on bidding on Gwen. I don't want her to feel unwanted. Since she's the oldest, she might feel less desirable, but I do think she's an incredibly sexy woman. It was easy to sense her despair on Sunday. I'd like to show her she shouldn't be so down due to her age. Many men should desire her if she put herself out there." 

"You're very kind, Master," Julia said. "I'm glad you'll fuck her. She seemed quite sad." 

"You have a good heart, slave. It's one of the reasons I love you. Jerry has been told your safe words. He'll help me keep an eye on the two of you. I don't want anything to happen to either one of you. You're very precious to me. Now, there's the little matter of cumming without permission, slave." 

"Yes, Master," and almost before the words were out of her mouth, Julia was draped over my legs, her bottom pointed upward and her legs parted. Such a wonderful and obedient slave. 

Smacking her ridiculously tight yet soft and resilient ass, I painted both of her cheeks red with my hand. As usually happened when I had a squirming naked slave girl over my legs, I was ready to fuck again when I'd finished. Julia was ready to ride me right away, swinging her leg over my hips to capture my cock in her wet folds. I stopped her. 

"No, slave. We're going to the bedroom first. I'm tired and will want to sleep after and we might as well be comfortable." I turned off the TV. "Lisa, you'll be riding my face. I want you to lick and kiss your sister slave's breasts while she rides me. Both of you may cum as much as you wish without permission." 

"Of course, sir. I'll be happy to." 

They took my hands and led me into the bedroom. I lay on the bed and Julia mounted my mast and Lisa lowered her soft, wet folds over my face. I was able to last much longer than earlier and with Lisa licking her sensitive tits, Julia climaxed six times while we fucked. Lisa climaxed four times herself and my face was awash in her cum by the time I drove hard up Julia's cunt and released my sperm, my groaning smothered by Lisa's pussy, squirming on my mouth. 

My cock finally limp, Julia cleaned us off it, while Lisa licked her cum from my face. We all fell into another satisfied sleep. 

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 12|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-12|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<i>The second poker game of Julia's slavery is played, her first as red silk, with two other red silk slaves in attendance. One week of slavery will remain after this episode. This chapter contains oral, anal, lesbian, interracial and quasi public sex. It includes double and triple penetration and ass to mouth. If those things are not up your alley, feel free to skip the chapter. As this is a fantasy world, STD's are non-existent and people are free to enjoy whom they will.</i>

<b>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 12 - A Second Poker Game</b>

JULIA

Master got up early again on Thursday. Even though we'd be naked for the game, we still sucked his cock to earn clothes in case we needed to go anywhere. Lisa licked his balls while I sucked his bat. Master gave me a big mouthful of cum. He told us it was Chen's turn to host the poker game and he would provide the food and beverages even though it was being held at our house. We did our yoga as usual, but I was so excited about what might happen that night, I swam laps for an additional hour to burn off the adrenaline rush. 

At lunch time, Lisa ran over to her house and got some stuff. It looked like a hot water bottle and a tube and some other stuff I didn't recognize. 

"What is that stuff?" I asked.

"It's an enema kit."

"Why do you need an enema kit?"

"Because I know my ass is going to get fucked tonight, and since I know that, I want to clean my ass out," Lisa replied. "You don't need to worry about cleaning Master's cock afterward since it will be clean. You can even suck the cock afterward."

"You're joking!"

"I would not joke about, pardon the pun, shit like that."

"You'd suck a cock after it's been in your ass?" I asked, totally astounded. 

"If I've thoroughly cleansed it first, yes. You'll see what I mean after I've done it, then if you want, I'll do it for you."

"If by giving yourself an enema, you can clean out your rectum, why not do it every day?" I asked. "Master uses our asses frequently."

"He doesn't use it every day. And using even plain water every day can deplete your body of electrolytes. Salt water works fairly well, but we don't have access to large amounts of salt water. There's a certain amount of bacteria that's useful in your colon and doing an enema every day reduces this healthy bacteria. Like almost anything, too much of something can be harmful, but knowing our ass will be used today, this would be a good step to take."

So Lisa used her enema bag with water and mild soap for the first application, and just plain water for the next three. Satisfied with the results, she used some lubricant and the largest of Master's anal plugs and inserted it. When she removed the plug, it looked perfectly clean. Still the idea of putting it in my mouth made me queasy. Even without considering putting it in my mouth, the idea of less mess and fewer concerns of cleaning up afterward was attractive to me, so I allowed her to show me how to use the equipment and did the same thing for myself. I had to hold the liquid in for about fifteen minutes each time or until the urge to empty my bowels became oppressive. She used the plug on me with the same result, so I'd be satisfied I was cleansed as well.

Master got home early again, but didn't use either of his slaves due to the planned activities that evening. We carried all the parts of the second bondage furniture we were building to the rumpus room in the basement, then we all took showers to be fresh and clean for our guests. Lisa and I touched up our shaved pussies to make them smooth as silk. 

Gwen arrived before six. Master made her remove her clothes. I hung them in our bedroom. Gwen certainly had nothing to be ashamed of. She was on the slim side, with B cup breasts. They had a minimal amount of sag owing to their size, and her nipples were still perched high on her breasts and were big and stiff on small areolae. Master inspected her pussy, checking to see how she shaved it. Except a small triangular patch of short hair above her slit, she'd removed it all. His fingers came away wet and Gwen had to lick them clean. Being a naked slave can be very arousing, in and of itself. Master showed her the two basic commands of display and kneel. He also explained basic slave/Master etiquette. Lisa brought him the Slave Trainer and Master put it on Gwen. He turned it on and she quickly learned how devastatingly effective it was at arousing a slave, but not letting her cum. He explained she would receive an orgasm anytime she brought a Master to orgasm, and only then. The other one was left on the charger to charge for later in the evening. 

Master Chen arrived about ten minutes early with the food and beverages. Since Jerry had kept the secret, Chen was surprised to see not one, but three naked slaves, including one who'd been playing cards last week. He looked questioningly at Master.

"Surprise," Master said. 

The naked slaves helped him set everything up, put the beer on ice and heat the hors d'oeuvres. He couldn't keep his hands off the slaves and every one of us felt him cupping our breasts or patting our asses. 

Ron and Regina arrived next and Ron couldn't believe his eyes when he saw the three of us nude. Regina, of course, knew there'd be naked slave girls serving tonight. She'd kept Ron in the dark and he kept looking at her as if he expected her to tell him they were leaving, but she ignored us and kept on as if we weren't there. He finally stopped looking at her and started looking at us instead.

Jerry came, looking chipper. He was the other one who knew there'd be three of us tonight. Since Ron hadn't gotten any clue as to what was going on from anyone else, he asked Jerry what the hell was going on.

"We have three naked sex slaves serving us tonight," Jerry replied nonchalantly.

"Sex slaves?" Ron whispered, so loud everyone heard him. He glanced at Regina again, more convinced than ever they'd be leaving.

"You'll learn their purpose when Scott explains the rules," Jerry said. "In the meantime, enjoy the view."

Jerry walked up to Gwen and she knelt quickly at his feet. He pulled her up and took her hand. "Hello, my name's Jerry."

"This slave is called Gwen, Master Jerry. Can I be of assistance?"

"A beer would go down easily," he said.

"As you wish, Master." Gwen got him a beer and opened it up, bringing it to him.

"Could I get a bourbon and seven?" Ron asked, realizing they might not be going anywhere.

"Of course, Master Ron," I said. "Mistress, would you like something to drink?"

"I'll have a martini please, slave," Regina replied.

Edward and Rob were the last to arrive.

"Hot damn," Edward said, "three of you. I've died and gone to heaven."

"Master Edward, Master Rob, can I get either of you something to drink?" Lisa asked.

"Some of that sweet titty," Rob said, suckling Lisa's breast, turning Lisa's nipple to a wet popsicle.

"Everyone have a seat," Master said, "while I explain the rules of tonights poker game." He waited until all the players were seated. "First of all, a pleasant welcome to Ron and Regina who weren't here last week. Secondly, in addition to Julia and Lisa, who all of you know, we have a guest slave tonight. Her name is Gwen. She is being trained and can't have an orgasm unless one of you is, so it's your responsibility to inform me of your pleasure in the event it's not immediately obvious. During the game, one of the slaves will orally pleasure the winner of each hand for two minutes on a rotating basis every half hour, while the other two serve food and beverages. They may be stroked and petted as they serve. All of the slaves are serving as red silk tonight, which means you'll be bidding on their full services after the game; ass, mouth, and cunt. You may only bid what you win at poker and not any outside money, so if you lose, tough shit, right Chen?"

"That's right." 

"As we did last week, all the money goes to the charity chosen by the slave. Julia, will you still be going with the American Red Cross for your winning bids?"

"Yes, Master." 

"Lisa?"

"The March of Dimes, Master."

"And Gwen?"

"The local Humane Society, Master."

"Very well. The poker game will end on the last hand dealt before eleven PM. You will then have ten minutes to inspect all of the three slaves going up for sale, one bid per hole. At the conclusion of the bidding, the slave will serve you with her sold hole for fifteen minutes or until you climax, whichever is last. At the slave's discretion, she can choose to serve you one at a time or all three at once, unless of course the same person won more than one hole. I'm told that Regina is an expert poker player. She said she's here to win."

"I thought Ron said she didn't know how to play," Rob said.

"No," Ron replied. "I told you not to play with her. Not the same thing. Be fucking careful or she'll take all your money. Are we really playing in this game?" Ron asked Regina, still unable to believe they'd be playing for naked slave girls.

"Yes," she said.

"You're going to let some other woman suck my cock?"

"If you win a hand, just as I'm going to have one licking my cunt if I win."

"Are you a ...?" Ron asked. He couldn't ask the question.

"No, but I like having my cunt licked by someone who's good at it. Scott said both of his slaves have been well trained to lick cunt."

Of course, Regina had first hand knowledge both of Master's slaves knew how to lick cunt.

"When did you talk to Scott about this?"

"Julia and Lisa invited me over to explain what was happening at the poker game since you were the only married player. They figured I might have some problems with you bidding on and winning sex with slave girls, and wished to talk to me about it. They also informed me the rules would apply to me if I played and I could also win sex. If it's good enough for you, it's good enough for me. Scott arrived while I was still at the house and told me his slaves took training to ensure they could please a woman."

Actually Master arrived while his slaves were pleasing a woman, her, but again, no one said so.

"Okay. Just wanted to be clear on the rules we're playing by."

"The same rules as everyone else, honey."

Master continued, "Since this is the first time any of these three slaves have served as red silk, they may not have realized what they were getting themselves into. They all have the same safe word. If any one of them say's 'Alpha', you must immediately stop whatever you're doing. I don't care if you're going to cum in two seconds. Whatever it is stops. If the slave can't speak because her mouth is full, she can slap the floor three times, or the leg of whoever is plugging her throat. Everything stops, since we won't know what the problem is unless the slave has the opportunity to explain. Activity may continue once the needs of the slave have been addressed. Anyone who violates the safe word is gone and won't be invited back. If the slave says 'Omega', they are done with their slavery and anything beyond that will be considered sexual assault. The women volunteering as slaves are doing this because they believe it will be fun and lead to some satisfying sex. When it ceases to be fun, it's rape."

I was glad to see Master was making this clear to everyone. I was planning on having a good time, but I didn't know what I might be getting myself into. My imagination and reality could be vastly different. 

"Is everyone clear on the rules?"

Everyone nodded or said yes as Master looked them in the eye.

"In order to ensure everyone is following the rules, Jerry or myself will be observing each slave as she performs her responsibilities so I know the rules are being followed. If anyone takes issue with that, they can leave now."

No one left. "The slave will determine at the time of her sale whether she's serving one or all three of her purchasers at a time. Julia will start under the table, followed by Lisa, followed by Gwen. Get ready to play some poker."

I got under the table. Lisa and Gwen started filling orders for food and drink. They cut for deal and Edward started. Regina won the first four hands and everyone realized she was for real. She'd done as Lisa suggested and worn a dress with no underwear. She had an orgasm the fourth time I licked her. Lisa and I weren't wearing Slave Trainer's, so we couldn't have orgasms when the players did. It was the first time I regretted not wearing one. On the other hand, it wasn't keeping me on the edge of orgasm either, though the very fact I was serving as a red silk slave was doing a fine job of keeping me aroused in and of itself. Gwen was the one who'd really be suffering since she'd be on it for an hour before she could earn her orgasms. I could hear her frustrated cries from under the table as she was denied her climaxes. 

The rest of the players buckled down a little after her winning streak and Master won on the fifth hand and I happily sucked his cock. Jerry won the next hand and I sucked his cock as well, and then it was time for Lisa to take over. The men had learned from the first poker game that when he had his cock sucked, he might as well leave his cock out of his pants from then on. This meant Master and Jerry were both sitting with their lovely erections poking out of their pants. 

Every time I served someone a beverage or snack, hands were fondling me, including my cunt. Several fingers made their way into me and I finally had an orgasm right before Gwen was due to take over for Lisa. Regina was winning roughly twice as much as any other one player, though together, the other six were winning around seventy percent of the hands. Master was doing the second best, followed by Chen, then Edward. Ron was the only one who hadn't won a hand or had his cock sucked. Lisa swallowed the cum of both Master and Chen. 

Gwen took over and first three cocks she sucked climaxed in her mouth, Edward, Rob, and Jerry. Perhaps Master was right that we needed to practice more. Of course, Lisa and I had been prepping everyone, so perhaps she wasn't that much better. We could hear Gwen's orgasms as Master granted each won. She moaned loudly during each one. Regina won again. Gwen started licking her.

Regina said, "Gwen needs to take cunt licking lessons like Lisa and Julia if she plans to continue as a slave." 

Ron finally won a hand, and Gwen sucked his cock. 

"She may not know how to lick cunt, but she's got cock sucking down on a note. You could take lessons from her."

"And you could take lessons from whoever trained Julia and Lisa."

"That would be a woman named Mistress Dark," Master said.

There seemed to be a little hostility and competition in Ron and Regina's marriage. Chen won again and Gwen sucked the cum from his balls for the second time tonight, moaning wildly as she climaxed herself. 

It was the end of Gwen's turn and my turn to start again under the table. Master said, "It's the halfway point of the game. Let's take a brief bathroom break. I have to change out Gwen's Slave Trainer."

Everyone watched as Master removed the old one, and we could see how much she'd cum. Master made her lick it clean before everyone dispersed to a bathroom. 

"Are you having a good time tonight?" Master asked Gwen.

"Yes, sir. The first hour was very frustrating, but the last half hour was fantastic."

Master laughed. "Go put this on the charger and return to me with the fresh one," he said.

"Yes, Master."

She scurried off.

"How about you, slave?" Master asked.

"I've only been able to cum once thus far, Master, when Jerry fingered me. This poker game has been more frustrating for your slave than the first one."

"I'm sure your sale will more than make up for it," Master replied.

He was right, of course. I would finally have my chance to serve many Masters at once. "Yes, Master."

Gwen returned with the fully charged Slave Trainer and Master put it on her.

"My slave is disappointed she hasn't cum more to this point," Master said. "Would you like to earn another climax by licking her cunt to climax?"

Gwen replied, "Yes, sir," so Master had me sit in his chair and Gwen licked me to climax as all the other people returned from their breaks. Gwen was better than the last time she'd licked my cunt, having more practice since. I screamed my orgasm when Gwen made me cum, climaxing in front of eight other pairs of eyes. The men all got hard again. Cocks were springing up like flowers in Spring. Then it was my turn under the table again. 

"Twenty-five minutes per slave this time," Master said, "so all get an equal time under the table for the balance of the night." Our break had taken fifteen minutes. 

Ron won the first hand of the new deal. He climaxed in my mouth when I sucked him, fully aroused by all which happened tonight including Gwen's previous sucking of his cock. Regina won again and she climaxed as well, so now I'd made both husband and wife cum on my tongue, one after the other. Rob won next and I worked my mouth over his thick prick and he was close to cumming by the time I was finished. He stood as I sucked him like he did last week and wondered if it was pride in his prick or some other reason that made him stand when I sucked him. I also wondered if it would be me or one of my fellow slaves to feel his cum slide down my throat. Master won once more and his did fill my mouth. Lisa was sitting on his lap, and Master finger fucked her while I sucked his cock so she had her first opportunity to cum tonight. My first turn under the table had been rather dry. This one was proving the opposite. Edward won and he filled my mouth with his goo as well. Chen almost climaxed a third time. Then Jerry did climax as I sucked his cock and I'd made four men and one woman climax during my second turn. 

It was Lisa's turn once more. Rob, Chen and Regina climaxed in her mouth, Regina on the second time Lisa licked her. Rob stood again when he was sucked and everyone saw him cumming into Lisa's mouth. By the time Gwen went under the table again, everyone but Ron had cum twice, Chen three times and Regina four. The only one who hadn't made Regina cum yet was Gwen. I thought Chen was rather amazing. He seemed to get erections quite easily and able to cum quite often. He hadn't been sucked any more than Master had. I wondered if it was something in his diet or it was natural to him.

We were serving less food and drink, so Gwen and I would often get pulled into a lap and fondled while the others played. Her cunt was filled with her Slave Trainer, so only her breasts would get teased and sucked and pulled. My pussy wasn't and Edward made me cum on his thick digits, reminding me of his thick prick. Even Regina had me sit in her lap and suckled one of my taut nipples as she played. The next time Ron got a drink, he suckled my other nipple while rubbing my cunt, so again, I was struck by how much they seemed to be competing against one another. He made me cum again, a naked slave girl squirming in his lap.

It was Gwen's turn under the table and Lisa joined me topside. Jerry had both Lisa and I sitting on his lap and had us kiss one another. We'd kissed a few times after becoming slaves, but mostly we'd licked the other's cunt. He wanted to watch our lips kiss and we enjoyed doing so for two hands while he fondled both our breasts. I enjoyed it. Lisa was a good kisser. Ron won another hand and Gwen was under the table sucking him, and you could see he was almost ready to cum for the second time when Master called time, panting and thrusting into Gwen's mouth. The look of disappointment on his face clear as her mouth came off his cock.

Ron had another good hand and was bidding again in the next round, hoping for the conclusion of his blow job and another orgasm. Eventually only Regina continued betting against him as everyone else dropped out. They kept raising each other until Ron had maybe thirty or forty dollars in chips yet. Regina had far more.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"I suppose you could go all in," Regina said, looking at his diminutive pile. "Of course, if you lose, you won't have any money to bid on the slaves tonight. You'll be out of the game."

Ron thought about it, then folded, and Regina pulled in another substantial pile of chips. Gwen made her orgasm instead and Ron was left dissatisfied once more. I suddenly realized there didn't seem to be much love remaining in their marriage, and I wouldn't be surprised if they were divorced within the year.

From then on, his cards were bad and Ron never bid again. Jerry was the only other one to orgasm by the time the game ended at eleven. Master removed Gwen's Slave Trainer, had her clean it once more and put it on its charger. While she was gone, he had me surrender all my cuffs. When she returned, he put them on Gwen and hung her from the display beam, her feet widely stretched. 

Lisa and I were told to stand in the display position as the players were allowed to inspect all the slaves. Fingers were inserted in our cunts and asses to check how tight we were. All our cunts were wet, easily found out once a finger or two was slipped in us. Slaves must always be ready to serve our Masters. All three of us climaxed while we were fondled, already displaying slave heat. All the men were in various states of hardness, though Ron was easily the hardest of the bunch at the moment as he'd only cum once. Jerry the least hard, as he'd cum most recently. Lisa and I both knew he wouldn't have a difficult time getting it up again for crunch time. Master put three paper bags on the floor, marked with our names beside us.

Master said, "All the bidding will occur at this time, then the slaves will serve their new Masters, one at a time in the same order they're sold. We'll be starting with our newest slave, Gwen, beginning with her cunt, then mouth, then ass. Gwen, will you be serving all the winning bidders at once, or one at a time."

"It's been so long since I've enjoyed real sex, sir, I'd like to stretch it out. I'll go one at a time, please."

"You've all experienced her mouth. She's been married for twenty-five years, though essentially sexless for the last five. She says her husband has used all three of her holes and she'll happily perform in whatever capacity she's bid upon. For her cunt, what's my first bid?"

"Twenty," Jerry said. 

"Twenty-five," Master responded.

"Thirty," Chen said. "I appreciate a mature woman who knows what she's doing."

"Thirty-five," Master replied. 

"Forty," Jerry said, grinning.

I could see Gwen was appreciating the fact that men were bidding on her at all. She tried to stand straight and show off her assets to the best of her ability. 

"Forty-five," Chen said.

"Fifty," Edward jumped in.

"Fifty-five," Master said, doing what he said he would and bid on Gwen.

"Sixty," Jerry said, still grinning.

"Sixty-five," Chen answered, still bidding.

"Seventy," Master responded. I wondered if he'd known how expensive Gwen's cunt would be. 

"Seventy-five," Jerry said.

"Too rich for me," Chen said, dropping out.

"Eighty," Master said.

"One hundred, ten" Jerry replied.

"One twenty-five," Master answered back.

"One hundred, fifty," Jerry said.

Master looked at the chips he was holding, counting, and what Jerry had. "Two hundred, twenty," Master said. He knew Jerry didn't have that many.

"You win," Jerry said. "I just had to drive up the price because I intend to fuck your slave's cunt and I didn't want you bidding against me."

Master wasn't angry. He laughed and said, "Good play." So I knew Jerry wanted to fuck my cunt and I got wetter thinking about his big black cock in my pussy. Master threw his bid into the bag at Gwen's feet.

"It looks like you were wrong, slave. It seems men appreciate older women after all."

"Thank you, Master."

Gwen's mouth was up for bid next. All the men had experienced her mouth and found her an extremely competent cock sucker. All of them bid for it, but Ron who couldn't make the opening bid, and Jerry who was saving his money for my cunt. Chen eventually won by the simple expedient of having the most money. It took $150, most of the balance of his winnings as well, as he and Edward had close to the same amount of money. His money was added to her sack.

Master next called the bid for her ass. Surprisingly to me, Regina started bidding on her ass. 

"What the hell are you bidding on her ass for?" Ron complained. "What are you going to do, lick it?"

Regina pulled a strap-on out of her purse. It had a nice phallus which would go into her own cunt as well as a larger cock which would go into Gwen. "No, I'm going to fuck her," she said.

She competed with Edward for awhile, but Edward didn't have the money to compete for long and Regina won with another bid of $150. 

Her money was added to the sack and Master said, "$520 to the Humane Society, slave. Well done."

"Thank you, sir."

Master released Gwen and hooked Lisa to the beam in the same way. "The next slave coming up for bid is Lisa. You all know her. I can personally vouch for all three of her holes. She's an excellent fuck, no matter how you slice it." 

"I can confirm all three of her holes are exquisite," Jerry said. "She's an excellent slave."

Will you be serving your bidders all at once or one at a time, Lisa?"

"All at once, Master."

"Lisa wants to be air tight, ladies and gentleman. What am I bid on her cunt?"

Edward said, "All I've got, "One hundred, forty-eight dollars."

No one else but Regina had that kind of money and Master knew it. "Are you bidding on the slaves cunt, Regina?" She declined and Lisa's cunt sold to Edward for $148. "Next up is her mouth. What am I bid for this slaves, mouth?"

"One hundred, fifty," Regina said. "She's a superb cunt licker." 

No one else had that kind of money so Master proclaimed Regina the winner again. I could see why Regina had wanted to play cards. She was going to wind up with more orgasms than anyone else in the group. Her husband would have the fewest; two at max.

"Now up for sale is Lisa's ass," Master said. "This is primo ass, folks. Highly enjoyable and you will be fucking her ass at the same time as Edward, another thick cock in her cunt at the same time as your cock is in her ass. What am I bid for this delectable derrière?"

Ron jumped in. "Thirty-two. It's all I have."

"Then you can't beat me," Rob said. "Fifty." It left him with about ten.

We all looked at Regina who still had at least a hundred left. "Why are you looking at me? She's already pleasing me with her mouth. I can't do both at the same time."

Good point. "Sold to Rob for fifty dollars," Master said. He collected the money bid for her and added it to her sack.

Master left Lisa hanging since I had no cuffs on. He told me to stand up straight and act like the slave slut I was. I was the last slave up for bid. All of the other slaves had been sold, taking up most of the money. Jerry had the most money left. He hadn't bid on anyone else since bidding on Gwen to drive my Master out of bidding for me. The second most belonged to Regina and the third to Master. Ron had more than anyone else, but he could be shut out of the bidding. 

"Will you be serving all three bidders at once, or one at a time, slave?"

"All at once, Master."

"First up for bid is this slave's cunt," Master said. "Jerry, what's your bid?" 

Jerry looked at the stack of chips still in front of Regina. It looked to be a hundred or more. Regina would be fucking Gwen's ass, Lisa's mouth and the only way he would guarantee she wasn't fucking my cunt was to bid more. "I'll bid it all, one hundred, eighty seven dollars," he said, "and worth it at twice the price."

I don't know how he could know that since he'd never fucked me, but I was happy he considered me worth his bid.

"Would you mind changing the order of the bids on this slaves two remaining holes?" Regina asked. "I'm mostly interested in her mouth."

"Not at all," Master said. "What am I bid for my wife's ass?"

"Twenty-three," Chen said, bidding the last of his funds.

"Thirty-two," Ron replied.

"I have more than that," Master said. "I'll bid fifty."

No one else was going to bid. No one but Regina had that kind of money and she wanted my mouth. I wouldn't get to be air tight after all. Ron knew it too. He was despondent.

"What am I bid for my slave's mouth?" Master asked. He expected Regina to say $33 and the bidding would be over.

"Thirty-one," she said.

Ron looked at her. I could see his wheels turning. He'd been cock blocked the whole night, and it was primarily due to his wife. She'd taken most of his money and left him on the outside looking in. He looked at her bid as one more way for her to stick the knife in. Make him bid again and then cut his legs out from under him. It would be consistent with their behavior all night.

"Thirty-two," Ron said.

"Do you want this slave to suck your cock, Ron?" Regina asked.

"You know I do," he said. "Bid again and get it over with."

"Do you know why I want this slaves mouth, Ron?"

"So you can keep it from me."

"No, that's merely an added benefit. I want her to lick my cunt because she's better at it than you are."

He gritted his teeth. "Fuck you, Regina."

"I wish you would, Ron."

"Just bid, you bitch." 

Ouch. Watching their marriage disintegrate before our eyes was horrible. Everyone had a pained look on their faces like they wished they could be somewhere else instead of here, despite there being three naked slaves to fuck here and no where else.

"I'm willing to make a deal, Ron, if you want to hear it."

"I'll listen," he said, without much hope.

"If you agree to go to Mistress Dark's this weekend, both Saturday and Sunday and learn how to lick cunt as well as Scott's two slaves, I won't bid anymore."

"Will I be licking your cunt, dear?" Ron asked sarcastically.

"Who's cunt will he lick at Mistress Dark's, Scott?" Regina asked.

"Mistress Dark's and probably both of her female slaves," Master replied.

"There you go, Ron. Three fresh new cunts to play with, though I'm hoping you'll lick mine when you're done to see if you've made any improvement."

Ron didn't know how we'd been trained to lick cunt, the spankings, the exacting standards by which Mistress Dark wanted her cunt licked. But, as Regina said, he'd be with three other women and in the back of his mind, Ron could appreciate his wife was turning him loose on three other women outside his marriage. Maybe he'd get to fuck some of them too.

"I'll do it," Ron said.

"Julia's mouth sold for $32," Master said. I'd get to be airtight after all. He collected everyone's bid and placed it in my bag. 

"All the slaves may cum without permission the rest of the night," Master said.

It was a good thing Master would be going first with Gwen, and she was doing one at a time, and doing me last. I knew he'd need at least some recovery time, before being ready to fuck again. Master shed his clothes. No point in fucking with them on. He was rock hard and he took Gwen from behind, sliding into her slick slit like nobody's business. She gasped, finally filled after an evening of overall arousal and a lot of frustration from the Slave Trainer. She was climaxing within four minutes.

"You're so fucking tight," Master moaned. "How can you be so tight?"

"Not enough use, Master," Gwen whimpered. "Not nearly enough." 

He used all of her pussy, every inch of it with his wondrous long cock. Poor Gwen was squealing like a stuck pig, which she was except for the pig part. Now she knew how the Slave Trainer trained slaves; by turning us into sex craved, cock hungry, cum needy girls, of which she was now one. She orgasmed again. It didn't stop Master. He kept driving his cock into her, right through her spasms. He drove her into multiple orgasms, one on top of the other. Before Master shivered and delivered his load of cum into her, Gwen had been turned to a quivering puddle of slave.

"Before I start on Master Chen, sir, may I please have a drink of water?" Gwen asked. 

"That's up to Chen," Master replied. 

She looked at Chen, and he said she could. When she stood up, cum ran down her legs, some Master's, most her own. She had a glass of water, composing herself. When she returned, she got on her knees and lowered Chen's zipper. His cock sprang out like it was spring loaded. Chen had cum three times during the poker game, so I wondered how easy it would be for Gwen to extract another load. It took only eight minutes before Chen was grabbing the back of her head and burying his cock down her throat, thrusting madly. Perhaps I'd taken cock sucking lessons from the wrong person. Perhaps a woman who preferred cunt wasn't the way to go, though Master never complained. 

Gwen looked at Regina. She removed her skirt and everyone could see her neatly trimmed bush. I wondered if Ron cared if Regina was showing her cunt to everyone. He wasn't looking at her. Regina put her strap-on in her cunt and fastened the straps. 

"This thing vibrates, dear," she told Gwen. "We're both going to love it."

"Thank you, Mistress," Gwen said.

"Fifteen minutes you said, right?" Regina asked. 

"Or until you cum, whichever is last."

"It won't take me that long to cum, I can guarantee it. Stand up and bend over the back of the couch, slave. I don't want to do this on my knees."

Gwen obeyed as good slaves must. Master handed Regina some lube and she oiled Gwen's star and the strap-on, pushed a button to make it start humming and pushed into Gwen's ass. Both Gwen and Regina climaxed quickly. I wondered what it would be like to be fucked by that vibrating monstrosity or even what it would be like wearing one and fucking someone else. For fifteen minutes, Regina plowed into Gwen's back door and they both had several orgasms. When her time was up, Regina stopped and Gwen hung limply over the back of the couch. It appeared she wouldn't be regretting her time as a sex slave. Regina removed the strap-on and her end was thick with cum. Regina slapped Gwen's ass and she stirred. 

"Yes, Mistress, how can I serve you?" Gwen asked.

"Clean this off, slave," handing her the strap-on.

"Yes, Mistress."

Gwen took it and disappeared into the bathroom to wash it.

"Scott," Regina said, "I'd prefer to lie down somewhere more comfortable than the floor. May we adjourn to your bedroom?"

"Of course," Master said, and we all went into the bedroom, because whoever wasn't going to participate was going to watch, even me. 

Lisa was next and Edward and Rob were going to be taking her at the same time. I knew how thick their cocks were. Easily the fattest of all of them, though Jerry's was close. Edward in her cunt and Rob in her rump. I shivered to think of it.

Like me, Lisa had only cum a couple times this evening and she was eager to cum again. Slaves like us were cum queens. Edward got on the bed first and Lisa eased down over his stiff mast, stretching wide to take him all. 

"Please, Master Rob, use lots of lubricant, and go very slowly," Lisa pleaded, knowing how full she would be. 

Rob said he would and Master handed him the bottle. He liberally used a lot in and around her crinkled star, then applied more to his shaft. Then he started to ease himself in. Lisa panted hard as he pushed in, like a woman undergoing labor. I could scarcely believe how much her groin was being stretched by the two cocks. It was like witnessing child birth. Rob did go slowly and it was a few minutes before he was in her all the way.

"Have you started the timer yet, Scott?" Edward asked. 

"Not until all the parties are in place," Master answered. 

Which left only Regina. I think she'd planned on lying down, but Edward was too big to lie down nearby and still expect Lisa to lick her, so she ended up kneeling over Edward's head. As soon as Lisa's tongue could reach her cunt, Master started the timer. 

Despite Lisa's training, she was having a hard time concentrating on her oral duties with both Edward and Rob buried in her booty. It appeared she was doing the best she could, but I could see Regina was somewhat discouraged from the lack of attention her cunt was receiving. Edward saved the day for her. With her widely splayed legs over his face, he was staring up at a most attractive sight. He raised himself on his elbows and started licking Regina's asshole. She squealed slightly when she felt him, then lowered her body and spread her legs farther to give him more access. Ron turned away in disgust. 

Poor Ron. He'd been shocked to incredulity when he'd arrived, thinking first his wife would want them to leave, then he was going to be able to bid on and fuck eager slave girls. Instead, he was going to end with two blow jobs while his wife was cumming like a slave herself. And with a tongue in her cunt and one in her ass, she was cumming like a slave, rocking over Edward's face as she orgasmed over and over. Edward couldn't move much, he was pinned to the bed by Lisa on his cock and Regina on his head. Rob was doing most of the thrusting, though Lisa was riding Edward as she pushed back on Rob's bat in her ass. She was cumming hard as well, as much or more than Regina. When the timer ended, neither Edward or Rob had cum yet, so now it would all be determined by the length of time before they climaxed. 

Several minutes after the timer ended, Rob grunted and buried himself as deep as he could in Lisa's rectum, spurting his load. The pulsing of his cock must have triggered Edward because we could see the cum rushing up his stalk and filling Lisa's cunt. Thick man cum was leaking out around both their cocks. I doubt I'd ever seen anything as wild and crazy in my life; two cocks spurting their white cream into a single body separated by almost nothing. I almost had an orgasm myself watching, and I grew wetter. That would soon be me. 

Of course, when the men's contractions ended, it was also ended for Regina and Lisa. They'd already cum multiple times; Lisa's and Edward's face the proof of that. Master called time and they slowly disentangled themselves from each other, Rob first, then Regina, finally Lisa climbed off of Edward's cock, dripping cum profusely from her crotch. Master sent me for a towel to wipe her off. I got a second towel for Lisa's and Edward's faces so they wouldn't have to smear male cum over their faces to wipe girl cum off. 

Before I'd come back, Lisa had started cleaning both of the men's cocks, surprising everyone when she sucked Rob's cock which had been in her ass. There were several gasps, both men and women. Only I knew what we'd done to help prepare for this eventuality. Master would be fucking my ass. Would I have the same ability to clean his cock afterward? No one said anything to Lisa when she was done. I handed her the towel and she wiped her crotch off. I handed the other towel to Edward first. Slaves faces are less important than a Master's.

"Have you and Rob ever fucked the same woman together before?" Master asked Edward.

"Hell no," Edward said. "The sight of our pricks scares a lot of women from fucking us at all. Having one in their ass was never a consideration and both at once, a pipe dream."

Good for Lisa. She'd given a pipe dream to two big men. I suspected her nether regions would be sore for awhile, but likely, so would mine. Neither Jerry nor Master were small men either. 

It was my turn. Jerry got on the bed like Edward had. His cock was hard again. I'd known he wouldn't disappoint me. I climbed over his waist, placed his cock at the entrance of my cunt and sank down over his shaft, cumming as I did. My pleasure was known to all as I screamed as I spasmed. Master had me lean down and he greased my rosebud, rubbing lube around the outside and even pushing it in with his fingers, spreading it around the wiry rim. After adding some to his cock, he started the slow penetration first practiced by Rob on Lisa. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
I'd been fucked in the cunt with a plug in my ass and fucked in the ass with the Slave Trainer in my cunt. This was a whole new experience; both of them longer and their pricks living flesh and not inanimate objects. It moved and bent and pulsed like living tissue and filled me more than I'd ever been filled before. I climaxed again, before Master was all the way in my bottom, shivering between their two hard bodies. Finally, Master was embedded all the way in.

"Are you doing okay, slave," he asked.

"Yes, sir," I whimpered.

"Ron," he said. "You're next."

Ron stood over our heads and I opened wide and he shoved his cock into my mouth, burying it in my throat. I was airtight for the first time. I moaned around his cock and orgasmed again.

******

SCOTT

It was finally going to happen. My wife was going to fuck another man. Not just blow him but take another cock into her cunt. Jerry was lying on the bed with his stiff prick pointing to the heavens. Julia's cunt was gleaming with her dew. I knew this was going to meet some of her deepest fantasies, being made to serve three men at once, and her pussy showed her excitement. Flush with blood, engorged, plump, and her clit peeking out already without further stimulation. Her breasts were flushed as well, her nipples like flint. Practically the moment she sank over Jerry's cock, she climaxed, unable to restrain herself. I couldn't help but be struck by the duality of what I was feeling; the despair and darkness of it happening, yet the sense of arousal at seeing Jerry's black shaft disappearing in her pussy. My cock throbbed to see it.

She pumped up and down a couple times, screaming as she came and my cock twitched. I pushed her down on Jerry's chest and lubed her back door, shoving gobs inside her. Watching Lisa stretched by the Strong boys making me realize what she would feel. I placed my cock at her entrance and leaned forward, parting her sphincter with the head of my cock. I could feel Jerry's prick throbbing a thin membrane away. Julia orgasmed again before I was more than two inches inside her. Ron was standing at her head, waiting for her to lift her head and see his stiff cock in front of her, waiting to be consumed. It bounced with his heartbeat, so excited was he. I doubted he'd last more than a few minutes inside her talented mouth. Jerry and I would last much longer, given how recently we'd both cum.

The tightness inside Julia was amazing. I could feel Jerry's cock sliding against me, almost as if we shared the same hole. Jerry started sucking the nipples dangling in front of him, sending her off on another orgasm, shivering as she climaxed. I was right about Ron. He shot his wad in four minutes, clinging to Julia's head as he emptied himself in her throat. Julia made sure she cleaned the cum from his cock before she spit him out and screamed, "Fuck me with those huge cocks. Fuck me hard." We both increased speed and the depth of our penetration. 

"I'm cumming," Julia moaned. "Oh, fuck me, I'm cumming."

I could feel her convulsing, tightly clasping the intruders in her body as she spasmed. I settled in to a weird rhythm with Jerry, sometimes moving in opposition to him, going out as he was coming in. Other times, we were both pushing into her at the same time, which drove her fucking crazy. The noises she made when we did so stretched my comprehension of what the human voice was capable of. A series of sobs, shrieks, screeches, whines, pants, and whimpers escaped her lips. Jerry and I just kept right on fucking ignoring the paroxysms of her body. 

Five minutes, ten, fifteen, we kept going, both with lots of stamina at this point. Finally, Jerry gave it up and I could feel his cock pulsing as he filled Julia's cunt with his cum. I lasted maybe thirty seconds longer before I sent what sperm still remained in my balls deep in her ass. When my spurts of cum were exhausted, I slowly pulled out, leaving a trail dripping from her ass before it started to close. 

She lay limp as a rag atop Jerry's chest, gathering herself to move. When she climbed off, she licked their cum from his cock. Then she grabbed my cock, and instead of going for one of the towels, sucked me clean as well. You could have knocked me over with a dandelion. Never would I have ever imagined Julia would suck my cock after it was in her ass. I'd never even considered such a thing was possible. I know I'd seen Lisa do Rob the same way a few minutes ago, but I didn't know that much about Lisa and her sex life before she submitted to me. What she'd done before was a mystery. That Julia would copy her and suck my cock wasn't a mystery, it was inconceivable. 

I tried to stop her, not that hard I admit. I didn't order her to stop, but set a hand on her shoulder and pushed against her. She shrugged my hand off and continued sucking until my cock was clean. It was essentially the culmination of the night. It was 12:30 and people looked at each other and realized it was over and time to go.

I had one more thing I needed to do.

"I'd like you all to wish Gwen a fond farewell, as tonight was her only appearance."

Everyone wished her well and thanked her for assisting in our fun and games. "Next Thursday is the last night of slavery for Lisa and Julia as they only agreed to do this for three weeks. I don't want to share them with anyone else next Thursday night."

An immediate chorus of assorted groans and other disgusted noises were made. 

"Let me finish," I said. "Monday is Memorial Day and I believe we all have the day off. My suggestion is for us to spend the day together having a cook out. You're all invited to come around 11:00. There will be some other friends and family over as well. At around 3:00, we will be sending non-participants home. I've got some other games planned to get the afternoon started off right, then poker will follow as usual, except we'll start a little sooner and end sooner as well." Jerry started clapping and the others quickly picked it up. "The rules may not be exactly the same as tonight, but similar. I'm still considering." 

Edward said, "You're a prince among men, Scott. Tell me what you want for the barbecue and Rob and I will buy the meat." 

"I'll bring the booze," Chen said.

Ron and I will take care of the salads," Regina said.

"I've got the chips and condiments," Jerry added, "plus all the paper plates and cups you need. How many will you be expecting?" 

"All of us, obviously, plus I'm inviting Julia's and my parents and Lisa's parents if she thinks they'd like to come."

"You might as well add me," Gwen said. "I'm not likely to turn down another evening like this one."

"As a guest," I asked, "or as a participant?"

"Red silk slave, sir."

That brought another round of applause. 

"Will you be getting up early enough to earn clothes?" I asked my two slaves.

"Yes, Master."

"What does she have to do to earn clothes?" Rob asked.

"Suck my cock and swallow first thing in the morning," I replied.

"Hasn't she always done that?" Edward asked.

"Very rarely until her slavery. She didn't like the texture of cum."

"You could have fooled me," Rob said. "She swallows like she was born with a cock in her mouth."

"You can thank her Slave Trainer for that," I said. "The thing Gwen is wearing tonight."

"I thought that gave them orgasms," Edward said. 

"It withholds them first," I replied. "She learned her own orgasms were earned by pleasing her Master first." 

With that, they started drifting off, the Strongs first, then the Kings, not touching or even speaking to one another. Jerry left, then Chen grabbed what remained of his food and drinks and he left. I looked at my three slaves, appearing well satisfied and relaxed. 

"Would you please tell me what the hell you two were doing by going ass to mouth?" I asked.

"Lisa and I thoroughly cleansed our bottoms this afternoon after lunch, Master," my slave said. "She said it would be possible to suck cock after ass fucking if we did."

"Cleansed how?" I demanded.

"Multiple enemas, sir," Lisa said, "until the water ran clear."

"Lisa said we can't do it all the time, but if you know your ass will be fucked, it's both less messy and possible to suck the prick afterward, sir," Julia said.

"You know I don't expect you to do that, don't you?"

"You never have, Master, but I thought you might enjoy it. Was it pleasurable?" Julia asked.

"Very, and unexpected. I was surprised and very appreciative of your efforts."

"Master," Julia said, "I'm assuming your slaves will not be nude during the early part of the day?"

"Why would you think that? You don't want your parents knowing what a slutty slave girl they raised?" I asked.

"No, sir." 

"I think it's time they know," I said. "Slaves don't get to choose who they're naked for. Does any slave in your books have any say in when she's stripped. Whether it's in front of her parents or siblings, an old boyfriend, anyone?"

"Master, it's my parents and yours," Julia pleaded.

"We already know my parents have played these games," I said. "Perhaps yours have too. In any event, whether it was due to the way you were raised or some other factor, your parents raised a sex slave, someone who happily took three cocks in her body at once, and likely will again. If you want to get out of it, you may call Omega now and your slavery is ended, otherwise, you'll be a good little slave and do as you're told. You have until Saturday night to tell me what you wish to do. Otherwise, you will be naked on Monday."

In actuality, she could opt out anytime. 'Omega' was inviolate. You say it and the slavery is over. I did want to pressure her into thinking about it earlier and not wait until the last minute. At the very least, the other players should be informed we were losing a slave. Would she opt out? I doubted she would. Julia was enjoying her slavery too much to surrender now with almost a week left. In actuality, I was offering for them something to wear, but it would be to accentuate their nudity and provocativeness. Another difficult choice faced her.

"Would I be naked for my parents too?" Lisa asked. 

"You'll be naked regardless of if they're invited," I said. Lisa had met both of our parents. Being naked in front of them would be bad enough. Her own parents would be fuel on the fire.

Neither one spoke, considering the implications of their nudity on Monday. 

"Gwen did you enjoy yourself," I asked.

"Very much, Master. If I didn't, I wouldn't have volunteered to serve again on Monday. It was the most satisfaction I've had in a long time." 

"You may get your clothes on and leave now. Julia, please give Gwen her underwear."

"If it's all the same to you, sir, I won't need any underwear until Monday. I'm still a red silk slave until then."

I smiled at her. "As you wish, slave. In that case, suck my cock."

"Yes, sir."

Smiling, she dropped to her knees and gave me the best blow job of my life, her prior experiences fully remembered with the additional practice she'd received tonight. I would have thought it near impossible to cum again in any less than twenty minutes. She swallowed my cum in half the time. When she finished, I drew her to her feet, kissed her and finger fucked her until she orgasmed. It didn't take long. Slaves were always ready to be of service to their Masters. She thrust her hips and rubbed her cunt against my hand as she climaxed, moaning.

"Hopefully, that will keep you until Monday, slave."

"I doubt it, sir. I've discovered I very much like to cum often. I suspect since Lisa has proven Reneé is not averse to licking cunt, she may wind up doing it several times over the next few days."

"Good for you, slave."

"She may have to teach me to lick cunt better than I do. Mistress Regina was quite unhappy with my services. Good night, Master. Good night Julia, Lisa. It was a pleasure serving with you."

"Good night, slave," they said together. I said, "Good night, Gwen. I enjoyed your company."

"Thank you, Master. You paid enough for it."

She dressed quickly and left.

"Will you be going to work early tomorrow, Master?" Julia asked.

"No, I think we can all sleep in a little tomorrow morning," I said.

"Good. Your slaves are tired and sore, sir. They were fucked exceedingly well."

Indeed. We were all fucked exceedingly well and we fell asleep quickly, snuggled naked together.

*****
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 13|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-13|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<i>In this chapter, Julia's and Lisa's Master takes them for a walk on the Pacific Crest Trail while nude. This chapter contains regular and oral sex, lesbian sex, public nudity, and public sex. As before, STD's don't exist in this fantasy world.</i>

<b>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 13 - Pacific Crest Trail</b>

JULIA

Master got up at 6:30 instead of two hours earlier, and we all appreciated the extra time in bed. Master had both of us put our heads over the edge of the bed and fucked our throats a minute at a time until he climaxed, sending his cum down my throat, then making me share his cum with Lisa, so we both got a taste. Before he left, he told me to count the money in the three marked bags and send checks to the charities. We got up when he left and went to the gym, spin class today followed by weight training. 

We didn't have much time to talk until we were on the way home. Too tired on the way in, too busy there, but on the way home...

"What are you going to do, Julia?" Lisa asked. "Are you going to go naked in front of your folks?"

"I don't know. It's easier being naked in front of strangers than your parents. It might be different if they were nudists or something, where we were accustomed to being naked in front of one another, but they're not. I'm not sure if Mom has been naked in front of anyone but Dad since she was married. At least Dad had a gym membership, so he's been naked in front of other men. It's going to be so hard if I decide to do it. Will you? You know them too. They're of another generation. I know Master's parents played some of the same games we have, as far as dominance and submission go. I don't know if they included other people. Master didn't even know they did it."

"Do you want to give up your slavery?" Lisa asked.

"No! I want every minute of every day available to me. This has been the greatest experience of my life."

"Me too. Then it sounds like you're going to do it."

"Unless I get cold feet at the last minute," I said.

"You don't have until the last minute. You have until tomorrow night to decide."

"What about you?" I asked. "Are you going to invite your parents to the barbecue and then go naked in front of them? Master said he wanted to invite them. If I have to be a slave in front of my parents, you should too. We should both commit to exposing ourselves as sex slaves. If it's something we want and like and don't want to give up, shouldn't they know? Please. You did say you'd do anything to repay me for sharing my Master. Stand with me on this so I'm not the only one."

"You won't be. Gwen will be here." 

"It's not like she knows any of them," I said, "They'll all be strangers. It's not like exposing yourself to family. She won't feel the shame and humiliation I will."

"What if we told our parents we'd be naked before we invite them? If we do that, maybe they won't come, knowing we're going to be naked slave girls? It's their choice to come or not. At least they'll know what to expect."

So before we got home, we decided we'd make the invites ourselves and tell everyone we'd be naked and see what happened. Master's parents already knew I was serving as a sex slave, only my state of total undress and Lisa's and Gwen's participation would be unknown. Because they knew, I decided to start with them.

I reached Sandra. "Mistress Rivers, this is Julia. Scott and I will be having a bunch of people for a barbecue on Memorial Day and we wanted to invite both of you to attend. But I wished to warn you that there will be naked sex slaves there."

"Who else besides you?"

"My next door neighbor, Lisa, and a friend we've met named Gwen."

"Goodness, who are their Master's?"

"The same as mine, Mistress."

"Scott! My son Scott has two other slaves?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"Oh, dear. How do you feel about this, honey?"

"I'm fine with it, Mistress. It was my suggestion Scott accept Lisa as well. She's undergoing her slavery in concert with mine. They're both due to end at the same time. She's staying with us for the duration."

"Does her submission include all the things you do for your husband?"

"If you're asking about sex, yes. She is a sex slave in every way I am."

"Are you having marital problems, Julia? Is this why you agreed to this?"

"No, Mistress. It's because I don't have any problems with Master that I could do this. We didn't fully discuss this when you were here before, but when Master first discussed fulfilling my fantasies, he read some of the things I was reading to see what I was interested in. It included being made to serve more than just one person. So when he offered to fulfill my fantasies, it included the participation of others. Master has allowed me to be with others during my slavery, both men and women. If he could do this for me knowing how he felt about sex outside our marriage, I felt I could do no less than your son. When Lisa asked to participate, I wanted Master to experience all the aspects of a Master as I was experiencing all the aspects of my slavery. Who better than my best friend who wished to experience what I was."

"Are you sure, Julia. I don't feel it's right if you were coerced into this."

"I'm not coerced at all. Master has been very careful. Since Lisa had not had the same kind of fantasies I did, he refused to accept her submission until she went through 24 hours of slavery to see if she was willing to undergo everything I was. He didn't want to have sex with her just to have sex. Lisa trusts him the way I do."

"And who is this Gwen person you mentioned?" 

"Gwen just kind of happened, Mistress, but she's not here with us on a regular or permanent basis. Master wanted me to seduce someone else as part of my training, a woman. I seduced a sales clerk in the woman's department of the big store at the mall, getting her to allow me to pleasure her. When she found out about our arrangement, she wanted to try it briefly. She was here last night for our weekly poker game, and she's asked to come on Memorial Day as well. Her husband is much older and medically incapable of an erection and refusing to do or allow other forms of sexual activity which he could still do. She'd been without any sex for about five years and wished to serve as both Lisa and I did."

"So what goes on at these poker games?"

"The winner of each hand was orally satisfied by one of us for two minutes and at the end of the game, each of the slaves was sold to the highest bidder for her sexual services, using only the money won at the poker game and with the money going to charity."

"And you participated in this? And Scott knew and approved of this?"

"Yes, Mistress. He was one of the three who purchased me."

"My God, this goes far beyond anything Dan and I ever did."

"I understand, Mistress."

"You're not going to be doing any of this stuff while we're there are you?"

"I'm unsure, Mistress. I know we'll be serving food and beverages as naked slaves. Before the poker game starts, non-participants will be gone. I don't know what else Master might have planned."

"I'm not sure I could watch anything involving my son and daughter-in-law having sex with other people."

"I don't think I could have you here for that either, Mistress. That does bring up another matter. Lisa is here with me and I'd like to put this on speaker phone. I called you first because you already knew of my status as slave. My parents and Lisa's are being invited as well. Other than me asking them not to unexpectedly drop in on us for the duration of our experiment, they know nothing about it. Nothing has been said to Lisa's at all. I don't know if either set of parents has been as adventurous as you and Master Dan. I was hoping for suggestions about what to tell them so they don't just walk in on three naked slaves."

"Oh, mercy. That is a bit of a conundrum, isn't it? Go ahead, put me on speaker."

I did so and Lisa immediately said, "Hello, Mistress Sandra."

"Good morning, Lisa. So you're sleeping with my son as well."

"Yes, Mistress, your daughter-in-law as well, as Master directs."

"You're having sex with each other too?"

"Not as a self-directed occurrence. Master doesn't let us orgasm without his consent, so we only have sex with each other if he's here to grant permission. Usually, it's the three of us at once unless someone else is here."

"And you don't know what to tell your parents either?"

"Yes, Mistress. Anything you can suggest will be welcome."

She was silent for awhile while she thought.

Finally she said, "Well Julia, you have to tell your parents you and Scott are exploring an aspect of your sexuality which requires you to be naked. The other slaves can be exploring theirs as well, but I'd leave off the fact they're Scott's slaves as well. If they're like you, they can just call everyone Master and Mistress and they won't know who they belong to. You don't have to tell them both you and Scott are having sex with anyone else, if you won't be doing it in front of them. Really, it's your own business anyway and what they don't know can't hurt them."

"And what about Lisa's parents, Mistress? Do we tell them the same as we say to mine?" I asked.

"Do they know Lisa's doing this and living at your house?"

"No, Mistress," Lisa replied.

"Have you been dating anyone, or is it going to be obvious this is something you're doing with Julia and Scott?"

"It may be obvious, Mistress. I haven't dated anyone in six months at least and the fact I'm doing my slavery now with Julia would be more than mere coincidence."

"What if we asked one of the other poker players to be her Master?" I asked.

"You don't think Lisa would have mentioned being with someone she was comfortable in entering a dominant/submissive relationship with?"

"It's not the sort of thing you blurt out to your parents, is it, Mistress?" I said. "Otherwise it would be something we'd have mentioned to you before."

"I don't agree with out and out lying to them. Keeping them ignorant and withholding information is different from a lie. Lying is a slippery slope and when you get caught in a lie, it loses any trust you've built up with people. The more I think of it, the more I think you should both just tell your parents you're in a polyamorous relationship with each other. The slavery thing is a different issue and doesn't necessarily need to be brought up. Failing to do so isn't a lie. It's going to be over in another week anyway."

Lisa and I looked at each other.

"She's right," I said. "We've always been close. Our parents might not find it too weird if we were all just lovers."

"If any of the others addresses us as a slave, which they've been known to do, the slavery issue will come out as well. We might as well get that out there too," Lisa said. "Just admit it and live with it."

"I think it's for the best," Sandra said. "It's not going to be an easy thing to hide in front of lots of other people, some who know and some who don't. Other than yourselves, it's probably best if they don't find out you're both having sex with others besides each other. You could maybe mention to those in the know to keep it on the down low. If it comes out, it comes out, but no point in broadcasting it."

"Thank you, Mistress. We can expect to see you and Master Dan at the barbecue then?"

"With bells on, dear. I'll be interested is watching some of the dynamics. Good bye. I'll see you both in a couple days. I wonder if I should look at Lisa like she's another daughter-in-law?"

"I'd be honored if you did, Mistress," Lisa answered.

"Don't forget your swimsuits, Mistress," I said. "It will be around the pool if it's a nice day."

"Of course. Goodbye."

Sandra hung up and we called my parents next. 

"Hey, Mom, this is Julia. Could you get Dad and put him on speaker phone with you. I've got Lisa here with me." 

"Hi, dear. It's so nice you called. Give me a minute, okay. I'll get him."

She set down the phone and we could hear her calling out, "Harold, Julia's on the phone. Could you pick up on the extension. She and Lisa want to talk to us."

Pretty soon, she picked up again saying, "I'm back," and five seconds later, Dad was picking up the phone, "Hey sweetie, what's up?"

"We wanted to invite you to a barbecue on Memorial Day. We're having some folks over for some food and alcohol, and wondered if you'd like to come."

"Sure, we're always up for grub and booze. Sounds like fun," Harold said.

"We'd love to come, dear. Anything you need us to bring?" Mary asked.

"Everything is pretty much taken care of, Mom, except for dessert. Could you make some of your toffee bars?"

"How many will be attending?"

Seven poker players, three slaves, six parents. "Sixteen," I said. "But there's something else we wanted to talk to you about. It's kind of important and we wanted to tell you and why Lisa's on the phone with me."

"What would that be?" Harold asked.

"You know I've always enjoyed romance novels, right?"

"Of course. The house is still full of them. Your Mom won't let me get rid of them until you have a chance to go through them and decide if you want to keep any."

"Lately, my taste in romance genres has changed somewhat, going to some darker things than I used to read before, stuff about sex slavery primarily. Scott noticed what I was reading and asked me if instead of reading about it, if I'd like to experience it for myself and become his sex slave. I agreed to play along for three weeks to see if my fantasies were anything like reality, so I've been his naked slave girl for the past two weeks."

"So that's why you didn't want us dropping in unannounced," Mary said.

"Yes, Mom. It might have been quite embarrassing. Anyway, my slavery isn't up. I'll be naked on Monday, and I wanted to let you know ahead of time in case it would affect your decision to come. Additionally, Lisa was intrigued by my slavery and wanted to join me with my permission. She's currently serving as a slave as well. We'll both be naked as well as one other person, who's joining us for the day. I think you should know that both Lisa and I are serving as Scott's slaves. She's moved in with us for the duration and we're together right now in a polyamorous relationship as determined by our Master."

"The three of you are sleeping together? Is that what you're saying?" Mary asked.

"Yes, Mom, we're all boinking. For the last week and for an additional week to go."

"My goodness," Mary said. "I'm so surprised. You've always been such a straight girl, never doing any strange or outlandish things."

"Things change. This is one of them."

"You don't think this will harm your marriage?" Harold said. 

"I can't know for certain, but I don't believe so. Our marriage was and is very strong. We seem as deeply committed to one another as ever."

"I suppose this means we can tell her, Harold, without her getting all bent out of shape," Mary said.

"Do you think so?" Harold asked. "Kids have such odd feelings about how their parents are supposed to behave. Doesn't matter if they're doing the same or worse themselves."

"Tell me what?" I asked. 

"You might as well tell her now, Mary. The cat's out of the bag and she'll pester us until she finds out," Harold said.

"Your father and I are in an open relationship, darling," Mary said. 

"An open relationship? What's that mean?" I asked.

"It means that despite deciding to remain married to one another, we see other people. You know; have some on the side," Mary replied.

"What? Since when?" I asked, stunned.

"I told you, Mary. Doesn't make any difference she's serving as a sex slave to her husband along with her best friend, sharing the same bed; she's going to have judgments about her parents doing something out there."

"She just wants to know what's going on, don't you, dear? Nothing judgmental about it, yet, isn't that right Julia?" Mary inquired.

"I guess not," I replied. "When did this all start?"

"Around the time you got married," Mary said. "Harold and I realized we were no longer capable of giving each other everything we needed from a partner. We still loved each other, but something was missing. There was no mystery anymore; no surprises. Since we still loved one another, we didn't want to get a divorce, so we decided to just open the marriage and let other people in, though I don't think either of us has gone so far as to engage in any homosexual behavior, have you, Harold?"

"Nope, strictly ladies for me, though I did have a threesome with another fellow and a woman. We didn't really touch one another except accidentally," Harold answered.

"Just men for me. I had a threesome once myself. Quite the night," Mary reminisced. "In fact, your wedding might have been the first night your father and I went home with different people. Weddings are such a good place to meet and hook up with new people, don't you think?"

"It's not like she would have noticed," Harold said. "She had eyes only for Scott."

"What's it like being with another woman?" Mom asked. "Do you think I should try it?"

My head was ready to explode. I couldn't believe I was having this conversation with my parents. Here I was, worried about telling them about my escapades over the past couple weeks, and they'd been doing the dirty with other people for a decade.

"It's okay," I said, looking at Lisa. "We're both committed heterosexuals, but Master doesn't want either of us to be ignored, so we've been together several times as slaves. She's a well trained pussy pleaser, as am I. We were both trained by the same person. You'd probably enjoy it, if the woman knew what she was doing."

"I might have to try it sometime then," Mary said. "I'd like to see if women are any better at it than most men are?"

"I'm assuming from your revelation we can expect to see you on Memorial Day then?" I asked.

"Of course, Julia. We wouldn't miss it. It will be nice to see you again, even if you are naked," Dad said. "Might even add a little spice to the day."

"Harold, be nice. You're speaking about your own daughter," Mary said.

"Doesn't mean I don't think she's a knockout," he said. "Looks kind of like you did back in the day."

"We'll see you then," I said. "Take care. Don't forget your swimsuits. We'll spend most of the day around the pool, weather permitting."

"Goodbye, Mistress Mary, Master Harold," Lisa said.

"Goodbye, Lisa," Mary said. "I guess we'll be seeing a lot of you on Monday too."

"Yes, Mistress."

They hung up and Lisa and I looked at one another. 

"I can't believe I didn't know this about my parents," I said.

"I can. When do we ever talk to our parents about sex. I've never talked to mine about it. They didn't even have to give me 'the talk' before my wedding night. I'd lost my virginity several years before."

"So my parents are in an open marriage, Master's parents have engaged in dominance and submission. I wonder if your parents have any surprises up their sleeves."

"I can't even begin to guess anymore."

"You're turn," I said. 

I'd met Reginald and Marjorie Lloyd several times as a close neighbor to Lisa. She usually saw them a couple times a month. Lisa called them up and put them on speaker.

Reggie answered the phone. "Julia, why are you calling. Has something happened to Lisa?"

"No, Dad, it's me," Lisa said. "I'm using Julia's phone."

"Has something happened to your phone?" 

"No. I'm over at her house and we were making some phone calls on her phone, so we're still using it. She's here with me, you're on speaker phone, is Mom there?"

"She's out shopping for groceries for the weekend. Long weekend this week."

"That's the reason we're calling. Scott and Julia are having a party on Memorial Day at their house and we wanted to invite you and Mom. Around eleven, with barbecue and booze, a few friends. Can you make it?"
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"I don't see why not," Reggie said. "It's not like our food will go to waste if she buys something. We can always freeze it. Do you need us to bring anything. Your mom makes those great deviled eggs." 

She looked at me and I shook my head yes, why not. She did make great deviled eggs. Heaven knows us slaves needed lots of protein. 

"That would be wonderful, Dad, and I'll remind you to bring your swim stuff if it's a nice day. It will be out by the pool, but there's something else we need to tell you. I wish Mom were there."

"You're not sick or anything are you?"

"No, but I'm in another relationship, and I thought you should both know."

"I'll tell her when she gets home. Is it anyone we know?"

"Yes, it's Scott and Julia."

"Both of them?" Reginald asked.

"Yes, Dad, both. It's kind of this polyamorous thing. It started when Julia decided to try out becoming Scott's sex slave. She wanted to see what it was like. Anyway, she seemed to be having so much fun, I asked if I could be a sex slave with her. So, Scott's our Master and he dominates us. I'm going to be a naked sex slave when you come on Monday. So's Julia and another woman we've met. I wanted to warn you before you came over so you wouldn't be shocked by our nudity."

"Let me see if I understand this," Reggie said. "You and Julia are serving as Scott's sex slaves and you're both going to be buck naked when we come over. That's what you're telling me?"

"Yes, Dad. I know it might be shocking to you, but both Julia and I find it very fulfilling to serve as sex slaves to her husband. We love it a lot. I hope it's okay with you, but I'll understand if it isn't, but I'm not going to stop until it's over."

"When does it end?" Reggie asked.

"One week from today. Julia agreed to do it for three weeks and she's been doing it for two. I started a week ago and we're both stopping at the same time."

Reginald was silent for quite some time, and we both thought he was going to hang up any minute now in disgust. What he said next was nowhere close to what we expected.

"I'm not as shocked as I might have sounded, pumpkin. In fact, your mother and I have wanted to tell you something for a long time, and this sounds like as good a time as any to tell you. We're swingers. Have been ever since shortly after we were married. It was pretty hard to keep it secret from you when you were at home. We used to have some of the parties at our house. We'd have to send you and your brother to grandma's when it was our turn to host."

"You and Mom, swingers?" Lisa said. "You and Mom having sex with other people since shortly after you married? Does that mean someone else could be my father, or my brother's only my half brother?"

"Oh, no, pumpkin. We'd stop having sex with others when she was trying to get pregnant. No, you're definitely mine all right and so's your brother."

"So you just have sex with other people, go out on dates and such?" Lisa inquired.

"No, no dates. We didn't want to do anything behind each others backs. We have sex with others as a couple, either spouse swapping with other couples or having group orgies with several other couples. It can get kind of wild, as you might expect. Women with women, guys with guys, everyone with everyone else. We'd just pile a bunch of mattresses in one of the bedrooms, get naked and get it on. It's a lot of fun."

"Are you still doing this?" Lisa asked.

"Of course. You don't stop just because you're older. You just can't have sex as often, although Viagra helps immensely in that department. I sometimes envy your mother. She can fuck for hours, although she often needs lubricant now. The natural fluids can't quite keep up with the number of cocks."

Oh my fucking God, I thought. Every one of our parents was as deviant or more so than we were. I was worried we'd be telling them something shocking which could end up disgusting them and altering our relationship. It might be altered, but not by anything we were doing. 

Lisa asked, "So you've had sex with other men?"

"It's not my preference, you understand," Reggie answered, "but sometimes all the women were busy and so you'd take whatever was available. Any port in a storm, so's to speak, but I wasn't disgusted by it. Your mom's been with women too. You can compare notes."

"I don't really believe that's necessary, Dad," Lisa said. "I don't need to compare being fucked in the ass with you either. I'll just assume you enjoy it as much as I do and let's leave it at that."

"Fine. So we'll be there on Monday. You kids have a good time." He hung up.

"That did not go nearly close to what I expected," I said. "I'm shocked beyond words."

"Shit, me too. I thought our relationship was odd. It's only about halfway up the weird scale. The only thing stranger would be hearing they fucked corpses, or engaged in drinking urine or eating shit or fucking enjoyed golden showers or something," Lisa said. "Our life is practically tame in comparison."

I sent a text to Master telling him all the parents had been invited to attend on Memorial Day and would be coming. He was also informed they knew naked slave girls would be there and we'd both learned new things about our parents I would share when he arrived home. He said he wouldn't be getting off until five and he would like to have supper waiting when he arrived. Lisa and I discussed how we'd welcome Master home and I worked on the new bondage furniture while she prepared supper. 

When Master arrived, we had a nice antipasto salad with lots of meat and beans for protein. It was Lisa's turn to be fed tonight. Since it was salad and wouldn't get cold nor too warm, I sucked Master's cock while he ate and fed Lisa. My first protein was the flood of cum he gave me when he climaxed. When his cock had been cleaned, I got off the floor and ate. He frigged Lisa to orgasm when she was done feeding. I hadn't cum since last night so I was getting desperate to cum again.

Master had just cum, so I didn't expect he would be ready to do so again very quickly. When your pleasure was at the whim of a Master, sometimes you didn't get to orgasm as much as you wished. After we cleaned up the kitchen, Master took both of his slaves to the living room. He sat on the couch and pulled me into his lap. I turned to kiss him, so thankful he was my Master. 

"Lisa, I want you to lick my slave to orgasm several times as she sits in my lap."

"Yes, Master," Lisa replied and I felt her tongue sliding between my folds. I spread my legs farther to give her complete access to my cunt. As she did, Master played with my breasts, pinching and tugging on my stony hard nipples, quickly moaning at my pleasure. 

"Why don't you tell me what you learned about your parents, slave," he whispered into my ear while nuzzling my neck.

"We called your parents first, Master, to tell her of my nudity at the barbecue and of Lisa's involvement in our games. We also wished to find out what she recommended we tell Lisa's and my parents because they're both of her generation and we thought she might have insight as to what to say and how to say it." I moaned again, Lisa and Master both teasing this slave girl relentlessly. When I regathered my breath, I said, "She was somewhat surprised to learn of Lisa's involvement and we were all involved sexually. She said what we were doing went far beyond whatever she and Dan did." 

Master took a nipple in his mouth and bit lightly on the puckered bud, and I spasmed, unable to restrain myself, my orgasm so sudden. My hips bucked up against Lisa's mouth. "I'm cumming, Master. I'm sorry I climaxed without your permission."

"You'll be punished later," Master said.

"I know, Master." I was still trembling from the intensity of the sudden orgasm. I turned and kissed him again. "I accept I'm a bad slave and must be punished," I said when he released my mouth.

"Continue your story," he ordered.

"She wondered if she should treat Lisa as a daughter-in-law since she's sleeping with her son. Lisa said she'd be honored to be considered as such. Afterward, we called my parents. Both of them were on the phone when we explained the situation to them. They admitted to us they were in an open marriage, each of them going out with other people, having sex with them. They'd been doing so for the last ten years. After we told them we were in a polyamorous relationship, Mother asked me what it was like to have my cunt licked by a woman. She's never been with a woman."

Having this conversation with my Master while he played with my breasts and Lisa licked my cunt sent me over the edge again, and I barely got out a quick 'permission to cum, sir,' and received permission before I shivered through another climax, inundating Lisa's face with a second glazing. Master was making sure his slave was satisfied tonight after being without all day long. 

"What did you tell her, slave?" Master asked when my trembling stopped.

"I told her that though Lisa and I preferred cock, we both enjoyed receiving oral pleasure from the other," I moaned, almost ready to cum again. Lisa was becoming an accomplished cunt licker and I did enjoy her efforts.

"Did she sound like she'd like to find out what it would be like?"

"Yes, Master," I panted.

"Would you like to make your Mother cum on your tongue, slave?"

The instant he asked, I orgasmed, the sound of his suggestion so bad and naughty I was struck with the perversity of it, though I wailed "NO!" as I glued my cunt against Lisa's tongue. My whole body shook with tremors like I was the only one affected by a massive earthquake.

"I'm not entirely sure I'm convinced by your protestations, slave," Master said, still playing with my nipples. 

"No, Master," I whimpered. "It would be incest. I couldn't do it. I'd have to say 'Omega'."

"The thought did send a perverse bit of pleasure through you, didn't it?" Master asked. "You orgasmed without permission again."

"Yes," I admitted. "But I can't. I just can't." I still trembled through my last orgasm.

"What about Lisa's parents?" Master asked.

"Her mother wasn't home, but Reggie was. When we told him what we'd be doing, he said he and Marge had been swingers since shortly after their marriage. They did things together. Swapped spouses and engaged in orgies together. Both of them had found themselves having sex with the same gender at times."

"Well this bit of information does shed a different sort of light on our festivities. I might have to make some naked slaves serve all day long. I thought that might have to wait for later in the day, but if everyone is into sex with other people, there's no reason to protect them from it, is there?"

"Please, no, Master," I begged, "not my parents nor yours. You'll have other slaves to serve them."

"Does that mean you'd service Lisa's parents?" He asked.

"Better them than anyone else," I said. I quivered even as I said it. Lisa's parents were almost as close to me as my own, but at least they weren't related to me. 

Even Lisa was having difficulty concentrating on my cunt as Master spoke. She undoubtedly imagined herself serving Master's and my parents as I did hers. They weren't kin to her. Master could direct her to pleasure them. 

"You can stop, Lisa. My slave needs to be punished for cumming without permission." Lisa stopped licking me and Master pushed me off his lap and said, "Go get the Enforcer, slave."

I went into the bedroom and found the evil instrument. I returned and handed it to him. He set it on the couch. 

"Over my lap," Master said. "Lisa, get on the couch so Julia can lick your cunt." 

Lisa lay down beside him and put one of her legs over the back of the couch and one on the floor. Her legs were spread so wide and her pussy was slick and dewy with her moisture. Slaves were always ready to fuck.

"Start licking," Master said. "If you stop for any reason or lose focus on that beautiful cunt in front of you, I will add ten swats to your spanking each time. Spread your legs apart."

I spread my legs and lowered my face into her bald slit and started licking her, waiting for Master to begin. I gave Lisa an orgasm and my spanking still hadn't started. Master was softly caressing my ass. When her first orgasm ended, Master struck me with his hand. It was hard and I flinched, but I kept licking. Nine more fell on my cheeks, painting my bottom red. I was quietly crying, my tears dripping on Lisa's cunt where I licked them just as I licked all her other fluids leaking from it. After the first ten, Master pushed the handle of the Enforcer into me and began fucking me with it. Still I concentrated on Lisa's slick pussy and she had another orgasm. So did I. Pulling the handle from my pussy, he slid two fingers into my quim, soaking them in my cum, then shoved the fingers through my sphincter and into my ass. The handle went back into my cunt and both of my orifices were fucked while I laved the liquid folds of Lisa's vulva. I climaxed again, rocking back against his fingers and moaning even as I brought Lisa to another one. 

We were two sizzling slave girls, left in a state of torrid need all day long and now we couldn't stop cumming as Master played us like a violin. He switched back to smacking mode and finished my spanking. Lisa orgasmed twice more because I didn't stop nor fail to indulge her despite my own pain or pleasure. 

"Very good," Master said. "You did well. Lisa, you'll be giving Julia her thirty swats with the Enforcer."

"Me, Master? I know nothing about punishing a slave," Lisa said.

"You know what it's like being on the receiving end," Master said. "It should make you eminently qualified to deliver them as well."

"Why can't you spank her, Master?" Lisa said.

"Because I'll be getting my cock sucked, and because I want you to spank her. You'll do as I do. Test the Enforcer on yourself first to get a feeling for how much it stings when you swat with that amount of strength. Then you'll begin swatting Julia's ass while she's sucking my cock. If she loses focus on pleasing me, I will say something and you'll increase the number she receives by five. If I do not feel you're spanking her hard enough, I will apply any strokes you went light on her to your own behind, up to the entire thirty or whatever number she's earned by losing her focus on pleasuring me. Do you understand, slave?"

"Yes, sir," Lisa replied.

"You'll need to keep count out loud because my slave's mouth will be otherwise engaged. Don't start until she's been sucking for at least fifteen seconds. Julia get on your knees in front of me and begin sucking."

My bottom was already sore, though Master had given me a number of orgasms to ease the pain. I knelt down and took Master's cock into my mouth. I heard a smack and flinched, losing concentration before I realized Lisa had tried it on herself.

"Thirty-five," Master said. I knew I couldn't falter again or I would be very uncomfortable sitting tonight. I heard another smack, not mine, and kept right on sucking, Lisa still finding a swat which wouldn't be light enough to earn her the spankings I would be receiving. Apparently, she found it and the next smack landed on me, the hot, sharp pain reminding me of why I hated the Enforcer. Lisa was determined not to earn any swats herself, and I believed she was hitting me harder than Master usually did, though it was perhaps, the current redness of my ass that made me believe so. 

I tried to disassociate my mind from my bottom, to ignore the painful swats landing on it as Lisa spanked me and concentrating whole heartedly on Master's cock. At some point, I was mostly successful, not feeling the Enforcer land as a lancing pain, but instead a heat which was spreading around my cunt. I didn't even hear Lisa counting, shutting everything out of my mind but his prick, continuing to bob up and down his shaft, giving him pleasure even as I'd done for Lisa. All of a sudden, I realized I was going to cum, ready to explode and I had no time. I slapped Master's leg two times, hoping he'd remember the signal for needing to cum when I couldn't speak. He did and told me I could cum, and I orgasmed, relieved he'd remembered. I knew I couldn't take another thirty. 

Since I'd been ignoring the count, I didn't realize Lisa was almost done until my orgasm was over and I heard her say thirty-one. She finished the last of my swats and my ass was relieved not to receive any more. Master still hadn't cum, but now it would be easier to pay attention to him. I was right. Within a couple minutes, I felt his cock swell and a warm flood of his cum spurt to the back of my throat. I gratefully swallowed every drop, wondering how I'd managed to cum while being spanked. Was it because I'd managed to concentrate on something other than the paddle falling on my bottom? While I didn't know the reason, I was nevertheless grateful for the experience. 

******

SCOTT

Hearing Julia tell me all the strange stuff her parents and Lisa's had been engaged in after knowing my own parents had done some of the dominance/submission stuff we experimented with, was surprising as hell to me. Yet it shouldn't have been. I suppose all people somehow imagined they were the ones to have invented sex, but the species wouldn't have survived without it. From the bacchanals of the Greeks, to the orgies of Caligula, to the key parties of the fifties and the free love communes of the sixties, I was certain everything under the sun had been tried at least once. Still knowing our parents had engaged in this stuff was as shocking to me as my own participation in the sex slavery of my wife. And the way she'd reacted to my suggestion she might deliver the experience of lesbian love to her mother teased the darker regions of my brain. 

This really did throw a whole new light on the activities of Memorial Day. I'd thought to protect our parents from the most egregious of our carrying on, but it was more we might need to be protected from them. I'd gone one step further than my parents by involving others in our game, but the rest of them were regularly going beyond anywhere I'd conceived. I couldn't imagine myself with another man under any circumstance, yet Reggie Lloyd had gone there. I wanted to be in control of the sex my wife was participating in, yet Julia's parents were unconcerned with who was having sex with whom. They just dated whoever they felt like sleeping with. To each his own, but if they didn't need to be protected, there could be some participation, changing the dynamics of what I'd originally planned.

Then there was the matter of Julia cumming while being spanked with the Enforcer. That was something new. She'd previously orgasmed while being spanked with my hand or the whip, but only after being relentlessly teased and played with during the punishment. Lisa hadn't interrupted her spanking once to play with Julia, delivering swat after swat with metronomic precision and quite hard as she didn't want the paddle applied to her for failing to strike hard enough. I knew Julia had zoned out, concentrating like hell on my cock, though becoming somewhat mechanical in her sucking, becoming much more aware and creative when the spanking was over. Her blow job was the second time she'd drained my balls tonight and I still hadn't fucked anyone. Since I'd fucked Julia's ass last night, it was Lisa's turn. 

I took the party to the bedroom. I tied Lisa spread eagled to the bed and told my other slave to begin licking her cunt. While she did so, I kissed and fondled Lisa's breasts as I'd done to Julia sitting on the couch. She quickly climaxed twice while we did. After the second one, I started asking Lisa about her parent's revelations.

"Did it surprise you to learn your parents were swingers?" I asked.

"Yes, sir."

"And the fact your parents engaged in same gender sex was new to you. You'd never heard them discuss something they might have done before they were married?"
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"Yes, Master, it was new. I never heard them talk about it."

"You've engaged in some same gender sex yourself, so I guess what your mother did wouldn't be that shocking, but when you picture your father sucking on a big cock or getting ass fucked, how does it make you feel?"

"I'm not sure, Master."

"You've been fucked in the ass? Do you think your father cums when he's fucked in the ass?"

"It would be surprising to me that he'd continue unless he received pleasure from it, sir."

"It would, wouldn't it. Would you like to capture his cum in your mouth when he releases as he's fucked in the ass?"

"I would prefer not," Lisa moaned, squirming as Julia brought her closer to another climax. "Please, Master, may I cum?"

"Not yet. I'd like to ask you a few more questions first. You say you'd prefer not. Does that mean you'd do it if asked by your Master?"

"I don't know, sir. I've never thought of it."

"You've never thought of sucking the cock that brought you into this world?"

"Maybe, sir, when I was younger and before I started dating. I'd hear my parents having sex and wonder what it would be like."

"So, you have imagined sex with your father. Would you like to capture his cum in your cunt as he orgasms from being fucked in the ass?"

"I don't know, sir. Please, Master, it would be wrong."

"Please you want him to cum in your slutty cunt or please don't let him use you?" 

Lisa was squirming uncontrollably now, about to cum whether she had permission or not. "Please, sir, let me cum."

"I want you to hold it as long as you can, slave, though you won't be punished if you do unless I feel you're not fighting hard enough. Answer the question. Please what?"

"Please don't let him use me," she begged, thrashing under Julia's tongue.

"But if I told you you must; you have to fuck him, what would you do?"

"I'd fuck him, Master. Oh, God! Oh, God! I'm cumming! I'm cumming! Fuck, fuck, fuck!" She shrieked.

I told Julia to get out of the way and I plunged, hard and fast, into Lisa's cunt. She continued to convulse for several minutes after I did as I pounded her through her orgasm. She couldn't stop moaning and wailing as she had the most violent climax I'd ever witnessed in her. I pulled out long enough to release her, pull her to the edge of the bed, then thrust back in, burying my prick in her pussy. I felt the occasional contraction long afterward as I continued to plum her depths. Since my slave was otherwise unoccupied, I told her to ride Lisa's face. I licked and sucked her sensitive nipples while she was licked to frothy distraction by Lisa. Julia begged to cum three times while I continued fucking Lisa. Lisa orgasmed twice more, slapping my leg twice to cum each time as Julia's cunt was occupying her mouth. I finally unloaded for the third time tonight. Nothing like naked slaves to bring out the best in a man.

I pulled out and had Julia clean me off. I climbed into bed with them. 

"Both of you orgasmed hard when speaking about servicing your parents and I'm curious," I said. "Why?"

"It's hard to explain, Master," Julia said. "I know it's wrong and I have no desire to have sex with them, but the thought of it is so twisted, so deviant, I couldn't help feeling aroused when you said something. I would never choose to do so myself, but if I'm a slave, what choice do I have? My only choice is not to be a slave. As a slave, I must service any who my Master tells me to."

"What about you Lisa?" I asked. "I talked about fucking your father and you exploded. What's going on in that head of yours?"

"Master," Lisa said, "My Father was the first person I ever imagined myself with. Before any other boys, there was my Father. I knew what he and Mother did. I caught them doing it. I saw him fucking her. I heard her cries of ecstasy when she climaxed and I wondered what it would be like if he fucked me. I first masturbated to thoughts of my father fucking me. That memory still lives in me. Despite knowing it's wrong and sick, I can't help remembering those long ago thoughts and how they made me feel then. You've exposed the full range of my sexuality to me. All that was hidden is now revealed. I would choose not to act on these long ago memories, but they still affect me."

"A very cognizant and self-aware explanation slave. I appreciate your honesty."

"Would you make your two slaves serve their parents, Master?" Julia asked. 

"You can always say 'Omega', slave. You're not locked into your path. I gave you an out."

"What if I can't take my out, Master? You've fulfilled a very compelling fantasy and I've found I don't want to end it. I want to live it to the finale."

"It's only supposed to be for three weeks, slave. We're talking about cutting four days off your slavery. All things must end eventually, even this."

Julia laid her head on my chest. Lisa laid hers on the other side. 

"Despite my slavery," Julia whispered, "I've been freed from the cage I lived in. It will be very difficult climbing into the cage again."

I kissed the tops of their heads. "You know what I'd like, slaves?"

"No, Master. What do you desire?" Lisa asked.

"I want to watch you kiss and make out. I want you to masturbate each other to orgasms, no permission required. I want you to be young lovers just discovering each others bodies for the first time."

Lisa looked Julia and she stretched her neck over my chest and with parted lips, they kissed. They just kissed for several minutes, leaning over me and giving me front row seats. Eventually, Julia crawled over my body and entered a full embrace with Lisa. They began stroking the breasts of the other as they kissed. Their mouths drifted down necks and over chests and fastened over fat nipples. Their hands slid over tight stomachs and between parted legs, seeking slickened folds and satiny sheathes. They began panting harder and rubbing more fiercely, stroking each other to a liquid lather. My slave cried out first, gasping her pleasure as Lisa's fingers delved into her moist cavern, Lisa following seconds later. They couldn't stop raining kisses down upon one another, and they quickly reached an additional orgasm. Watching them had stirred me and I bent Julia over the bed and slammed into her creamy cunt, making her lick Lisa again as I fucked her. They both spasmed again, writhing in their pleasure. 

I'd cum three times tonight and wouldn't be cumming anytime soon. Julia took it, took me, letting me batter her pussy over and over, slamming into her wetness, hearing her cry out as she climaxed. At some point, Lisa pulled back, no longer to take more of Julia's tongue on her clit. She held her hand over herself whimpering as if she was in pain, but the expression on her face was not one of pain, but too much pleasure. I finally felt my orgasm approaching, but rather than send it into Julia's cunt, I asked Lisa to accept it in her mouth. She put her head on Julia's ass and opened her mouth, waiting for me to finish. When I felt the sap rising from my balls, I pulled out and shoved it deep in her throat and released. I did not have much to give her; drained too many times tonight. 

That ended me for the night. I was exhausted after a heavy work week and keeping my two slaves satisfied. I sent us all to the showers to clean the cum off and we went to bed, once again surrounded by two lovely naked slaves. 

"What are your plans for your two slaves tomorrow, Master?" Julia asked. 

"Something entertaining," I said. "You'll find out tomorrow."

******

When Gwen had talked about her life, she'd spoken of hiking on a trail with her husband and being caught out while having sex with her husband. We had some very nice trails nearby which would provide some good exercise, plus another opportunity to play. My slaves received some reasonable attire in the morning by sucking my cock, light blouses and short skirts, but they wouldn't be wearing those for long. I packed a lunch in a knapsack and we put on socks and hiking shoes, then headed for a part of the Pacific Crest Trail which was used somewhat infrequently, but still had a number of people you might expect to meet.

After hiking up the trail about two miles, we'd left the majority of the crowds behind and the only ones likely to still be walking were dedicated hikers. We stopped for a quick water break before I gave them the news.

"I'll be taking your clothes now, slaves. Go ahead and strip off except for the shoes."

"Master?" Both said.

"Chop, chop. Don't be disobedient. I brought the whip along."

Reluctantly, they removed their blouses and skirts, leaving two very naked slave girls standing in the middle of the trail. I packed their clothing in with the food. It was warm, they certainly weren't going to freeze to death, though they might be dying of embarrassment at some point. 

"Go on now; up the trail. There's a lovely little spring I know of for a picnic. There's cool water and shade where we can eat and drink some wine. We can cool off from our hike. Lot's of people stop there. You'll see. Oh, and don't try to hide anything if we meet someone. Be proud of your beautiful bodies."

"Yes, Master."

The fact that other people stopped there didn't make them feel much better. They continued on. I walked behind them so I could enjoy the view of their bare bottoms swinging up in front of me. A very invigorating sight that kept me motivated to follow. It wasn't 500 yards and we ran into our first group of hikers, two young men ambling down the trail. It took them a moment or two to realize the two women approaching them didn't have a stitch of clothes, at which point they stopped dead with their mouths agape and watched us approach. My two slaves decided the best approach to take was to march right on past without a word as if they were wearing the emperors new clothes. 

The guys turned to me and one said, "Is this a nudist trail?"

"It is today," I said. "Beautiful day for it, isn't it."

They watched us until we were out of sight and I believe there was some debate going on as to whether they should continue on in the direction they were heading, or follow us back the way they just came. Eventually they decided to keep going. Another half mile found a man and a woman going opposite us. 

They too, watched my slaves pass by, not knowing what to say to them, but because I had on a tee and shorts, they said, "I didn't know they allowed nudist hiking on this trail?"

"I don't know that they do," I replied. "Amazing the stuff you see sometimes, isn't it?" They watched us as we marched off until we were out of sight.

Another mile up the path, about five miles total, there was a good place for resting, with several butt sized boulders and a downed tree trunk to sit on. I told them we should take a brief rest break and drink more water. There was another woman on the trail with the same idea. She was young, maybe mid-twenties, stocky in an athletic sort of way, and carrying a fairly large backpack of her own. Since she was stopped, I didn't know if she was heading our direction or back down the trail. We stopped, nodded politely, and sat down. I handed my two slaves another bottle of water to share. 

After about three minutes of watching us, she came up to me and asked, "What's the deal here?"

"What are you referring to?" I answered.

"You and the two bare chicks you're hiking with. What's that deal?"

"We're coming up here to the little spring to have a picnic, maybe go swimming, cool off. Then after a couple hours, we'll head back down and go home."

"That really doesn't explain the naked part," she said.

"No, it doesn't, does it." 

I was willing to leave it at that, but Julia said, "We're sex slaves and our Master likes us to be naked."

The girl took two steps back and looked like she was thinking of pulling the big knife from the sheath at her waist. Her hand was very close to the hilt.

"It's not like that," Julia explained hastily. She pointed to me and said, "I'm married to him, and he's graciously granted me, on a temporary basis, the fantasy I've had of serving as a sex slave. A week ago, my friend and neighbor saw how much I was enjoying myself and asked to join me. He likes his slaves naked, so a couple miles up the trail, he took our clothes."

"You had a fantasy of being a sex slave?" She kept glancing at me as if I might jump up and grab her too.

"For several years," Julia admitted.

"Why?"

"It's silly, I know, but I read a lot of romance novels which depicted women placed into sex slavery or serving multiple men. They intrigued me. Of course, it's just fiction, but it sounded so exciting to me. My husband, my Master, saw what I was reading and asked me if I'd like to try it for real. We're trying it out for three weeks and I'm two weeks into it."

"And you like it?" She asked.

"Very much. I love it."

She turned to Lisa, who'd been quiet thus far and asked. "And you wanted to do this too?" Convinced she was dealing with escapees from the loony bin.

"Yes. My friend was having some fantastic sex and I haven't really had much sex at all for maybe two years. I was feeling pretty desperate for some of what she was getting and asked if I could join."

"So what kind of sex are we talking about here? What makes it so special?"

"Pretty much any sex Master wants," Lisa replied. "Anal, oral, vaginal; and it's hard to describe why it's so special. I mean I'd done all those things before and it was sex, right. I mean all sex is good and the stuff I had before was fine, but we're talking mind-bending sex now. Last night, I must have climaxed ten, twelve times. It's like that every time."

"A dozen times?" She said sarcastically. She looked at me, wondering if I had them under some kind of spell or they were demented, or what I possibly had which could make anyone orgasm a dozen times.

"Don't look at me like I've got magical powers," I said. "They were responsible for half of them themselves where I was merely a not so innocent bystander."

"You had a dozen orgasms last night too?" She asked Julia.

"At least," Julia replied. "I even had one when my fellow slave was spanking my ass with a paddle. Being a sex slave has freed my libido in ways I can't even begin to describe."

"And you let your two slaves have sex with each other?" She asked.

"Sex slaves have needs," I answered, "and it would be tough for me to provide fully for two needy slaves. Theoretically, they can have sex with each other all the time, but since I have to approve their orgasms, they don't do it much when I'm not around." 

"And you don't care if your wife has sex with a woman?"

"I prefer her having sex with a woman as opposed to another man, and I get to have sex with the woman too, so it's not like she gets to have all the fun."

"So all three of you are sleeping together?"

"Every night," I smiled. "We need to get going slaves. Let's get a move on." We all stood up.

"Do you mind if I come along with you?" She asked.

"Why?" I inquired.

"I'm curious and I want to ask more questions. Plus you look like you intend on having more fun than I was planning to."

"Which way were you headed?" I asked.

"The opposite direction actually, but I passed the place you were talking about a couple miles back and I don't mind back tracking that distance to learn more."

"I don't have an objection," I said.

"What about them?" She asked.

"They don't get an opinion. They're my slaves."

"I don't have to hike naked like they do, do I?"

"Not unless you want to. You're not my slave."

"I'm Sarah, Sarah Shepard, by the way." She stuck out her hand. I shook it. We started walking.

"I'm Scott Rivers, the taller slave is Julia and the other one is Lisa, last name McManus."

"So Julia is your wife?"

"For over ten years. How heavy is you pack?" I asked.

"I started with over sixty. I've probably eaten my way down to just over fifty."

"I'm carrying around twenty, twenty-five. Would you like to switch for awhile? It will make it easier for you to keep up with us."

"You wouldn't mind?"

"No. I wouldn't offer if I minded."

"Thanks." 

We stopped long enough to switch packs, and we had to adjust the straps of our respective packs. She took out what looked like a bankroll from hers before giving it to me. I didn't mind her level of distrust. We'd just met, I was probably somewhat of a perv in her mind and a certain amount of caution and wariness was probably called for if you were walking the trail. My slaves had gotten a little distance ahead of us while we switched packs, as they didn't notice us stopping, but eventually saw we stopped and paused. While Sarah was adjusting the straps on my pack, I noticed a couple more fellows coming down the trail and they stopped and talked to my two naked slaves for a couple minutes, then started down the trail. 

When they reached me, the larger of the two stopped and said, "The two naked ladies up ahead told us they might be able to have sex with us, but it was up to you. Do you care if they have sex with us?"

I looked them over. One was about six foot, and solidly built, looking like he was or had been into some kind of team sports, like rugby or football. The other one looked three inches shorter, more wiry and I wouldn't be surprised if he was a runner. They both looked to be in their early twenties, still in college or similar, and rather pleasant and earnest. At least they'd asked instead of trying to take. I was willing to give them the opportunity of having sex with two needy sex slaves who still hadn't cum today.

"Here's the deal," I said. "We can't dally too long, so fifteen minutes or one orgasm apiece, whichever comes last. You remain in sight of me the whole time, and if you do anything to harm either one of them, your life won't be worth living. I hope I've made that plain enough."

"Yes, sir. Plenty plain and plenty fair. This isn't costing us anything is it?"

"No. They're not prostitutes, and they probably need to climax today anyway. Remain on the trail until Sarah and I get there, then you can go off the trail a couple dozen feet and have sex, but remain in my sight at all times."

"If it's at least fifteen minutes, would you have objections if we switched back and forth?"

"No objections."

They practically skipped back up the trail and I heard them saying 'let's fuck one in the mouth and the other one in the cunt, and switch. Then we can have both.' I grinned. 

Sarah said, "You're really going to let them fuck your wife?" We were walking in their wake. They were going twice as fast as we were.

"They're needy sex slaves and haven't been fucked this morning. This is what my wife fantasized about, being forced to have sex with others. I don't want to deny her the fantasy."

"You guys are fucking weird," Sarah said.

"Others have said that," I replied, "but if we're going to experiment, we might as well do it right."

They'd reached my slaves and stood waiting for us to arrive. When we reached them I told my slaves they could cum without permission, removed a blanket from my pack, now on Sarah's back, and handed them to the larger guy and said they'd probably be more comfortable on it. He took the blanket and they went about fifty feet off the path and spread the blanket. The men both shed their shorts and they were already hard. Lisa knelt on the ground and took the larger guy in her mouth, the wiry fellow made Julia get on her hands and knees and plunged into her cunt. I knew he was finding her wet and ready to fuck. My slaves were always ready. I started a fifteen minute timer. 

Sarah waited with me, watching with interest as my two slaves did their best to satisfy the two randy young men. We were far enough away it wasn't easy to tell when they both climaxed, but I thought they'd both cum within five minutes. They switched slaves anyway and they were close enough we could hear the sounds of a slave climaxing, Julia because she was the one getting fucked. After a few minutes, the smaller guy left Lisa's mouth and went into Julia's, double teaming her. She climaxed again. I thought Lisa might need some attention later because she was all alone for the moment and hadn't cum yet, but they switched up again, both of them double teaming Lisa while Julia watched with envy on her face. Lisa climaxed finally. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
The timer went off and Sarah and I moved slowly in their direction. They both looked like they were ready to cum again when we drew close, panting hard and thrusting harder and faster, so I let them go for an additional couple minutes until they both orgasmed again, one in Lisa's mouth, the other in her pussy. 

"That's it boys," I said. "You got over fifteen minutes and two orgasms. We need to keep moving." 

They got up, rather reluctantly, I thought, but with good grace. They'd just had the greatest stroke of luck in their young lives and realized it. 

"Thanks, mister," they said, getting dressed again. 

"Thank the women, they were the ones who fucked you."

They did thank them and each of my slaves gave them quick kisses before they hit the trail again. I picked up the blanket and packed it back in my pack on Sarah's back. 

"How many times did each of you cum?" I asked.

"Twice, Master," Julia said. "Once, sir," Lisa replied.

"Julia, you owe Lisa an orgasm when we get to our stopping point."

"Yes, Master."

For the rest of the way up to the spring, Sarah walked with my slaves and I could see they were having a rather lively discussion back and forth. Sarah and my slaves could walk a little faster than me with the heavier pack I was toting, but they remained within eyesight all the time. Close enough at the start I could see cum running down both their legs. 

They were about a hundred feet in front of me when they arrived at our destination, and Julia had taken the blanket out of my pack, spread it on the ground and was avidly licking the cum from Lisa's cunt before I got there. Obedient slave. I set Sarah's pack down and sat beside her, watching.

"Did you have all your questions answered?" I asked. 

"Most of them, I guess," she replied. "I'm still not sure I understand it."

Lisa suddenly asked for permission to cum and after I told her she could, climaxed, grasping Julia's head against her cunt. Her orgasm went on for quite a lengthy period. 

"That didn't take long," Sarah noted.

"No. They're always ready for sex and to orgasm. It doesn't take much anymore."

"Were they always bisexual?" Sarah asked.

"I'm not sure they are strictly bisexual," I said. "Neither of them had ever been with a woman before their slavery started. If you define bisexuality by who you actually have sex with, I guess they are. If it's defined by who they'd prefer to have sex with, I'm not sure they qualify. I think they both prefer men, but as a sex slave, they can't refuse the order of their Master nor any other free person who asks, provided their Master, has no issue with it."

"You mean I, as a free person, could ask them for sex and they can't refuse, as long as you have no problem with it, like the men today."

"That would be a true statement."

"Do you care if I try?"

I smiled at her. "If I didn't care about the men, do you think I care about you?"

"Do you care which one I ask?"

"Either or both, no problems. Have you ever been with a woman before?"

"Never."

"So this would be a first for you, an experiment, so's to speak."

"Yes." 

"I suggest you ask them to seduce you," I said. "They can speed through the process of getting you off, or they can really take their time and make you appreciate it."

She nodded. "Julia," she said, "I want you to seduce me."

Julia glanced at me and I nodded, yes. "It's her first time," Master said, "make me proud."

******

JULIA

When Master set us loose on the trail naked, both Lisa and I were nervous to start. Afraid we'd meet others and what they'd think of us. Then we thought, what was the point of being afraid. We were slaves and enjoying our slavery. We had no choice, so it didn't matter if people saw us or not. It was up to us to make the best of it. We'd meet people on the trail and they'd think we were nudists or something, unless we told them. Master was here to protect us. He wasn't sending us on the trail alone. 

We saw a couple of young men and they couldn't stop staring at us, though they did eventually continue on, then a couple, who also couldn't stop staring until we were out of sight. Then we came to a rest stop and met this young woman, sort of pretty and athletic with strong limbs and frame. She looked like she'd been on this trail for quite some time; a few weeks if not longer. We took a rest break and she asked about us. Master and I told her what we were doing and she asked to come along with us, even though she was headed in the opposite direction. Master gave his permission.

Master stopped to change packs with the woman and we got farther up the trail without realizing they were behind us. Two more guys saw us and asked if we wanted to get it on. We looked at each other and fucking sounded very nice to us both, but it wasn't up to us. We told them to check with the guy about 200 feet further down the trail. They spoke with Master and then practically ran back to us, so Lisa and I were going to be fucked soon. I was wet before Master even got there. 

He handed them our picnic blanket and told us we could cum without permission. Lisa started by sucking the bigger fellows cock while the shorter guy put me on the ground and plunged into my wet pussy. They switched off after they climaxed once and the taller guy was fucking my cunt hard. I climaxed, my first since last night. The shorter man helped his friend double team me, spit roasting me on their two cocks and I had my second orgasm while Lisa watched. Having made me cum, they switched again, fucking Lisa and she finally climaxed. Master came up to us when their fifteen minutes were up, but seeing they were about to cum again, let them be until they filled Lisa with their cum at both ends. We gave them pecks before they left. Master said I would need to give Lisa an orgasm as she'd only had one.

The girl, I learned she was Sarah, walked with us on the way to our destination, asking us lots of questions about our slavery and our experiences thus far. We were honest with her and told her all we could. As soon as we arrived at our picnic spot, a natural cold water spring, I put down the blanket again, and gave Lisa her owed orgasm. I'd barely finished with Lisa when Sarah told me to seduce her. Looking at Master, he nodded in approval and told me to make him proud. 

As my two weeks had progressed, I'd gotten better and better at licking cunt. Continual practice did result in improved results. Since she wanted to be seduced, I took my time and went all out in teasing and pleasing her. It was ten minutes at least before I even wriggled her out of her shorts. Sarah looked like she'd trimmed herself in the past, but the trail hadn't allowed her much in the way of grooming. Her bush was full and wasn't even trimmed for a bikini line. She'd been hiking all morning carrying a heavy pack, so the wetness I first found on her cunt, was sweat, not her juices, but within another ten minutes, she was sharing those with me as well. When she put her hands on my head, I knew she was close to cumming and I inserted a couple fingers into her cunt. I found her g-spot and sucked on her clit. She climaxed so hard, her hips bucked upward against my tongue and lips while she practically tore hair from my head, she was gripping it so hard.

When her spasms finally eased, she released me and asked, "You've never done this before your slavery started?" She pulled a corner of the blanket over her crotch to cover herself.

"No, Mistress. My first time was two weeks ago today. Master felt I should be trained to satisfy women as well as men, so he invited a dominatrix to our home to teach me."

"You're so damn good at it," Sarah said. "I could swear you've done it for years. Definitely better than any guy who's done me."

"Thank you, Mistress. Good training and a lot of practice since. Lisa and I often pleasure each other while Master is fucking us. He wants to ensure no one is left unsatisfied."

"And you can do this as well as Julia can?" Sarah asked Lisa.

"I believe I'm equally capable," Lisa said.

"Show me," Sarah said. "Seduce me."

Lisa didn't even wait for Master to speak. He knew he wouldn't object anymore than he had for me. Lisa spent as much time as I did and Sarah orgasmed twice before Lisa finished. She wouldn't release her head until she climaxed twice. While Sarah was pleasured, Master and I unpacked our lunch, fried chicken, Cole slaw, kettle cooked sea salt chips, more water and a bottle of wine. We didn't bring cups, figuring to drink from the same bottle. What point in worrying about a little spit if you were fucking someone and all three of us were fucking with great regularity.

Another couple was passing by the second time Sarah orgasmed, and she was quite loud. The couple heard us, looked around and saw two and a half naked women, one of whom had her face buried in the cunt of another one and they hurried past like sex was infectious. Master and I waved at them and they barely acknowledged us, the guy throwing a brief wave, but I think the woman kind of pushed him on before he could get caught up in whatever the hell she thought we were doing. 

"Would you like to join us for lunch?" Master asked. "We don't have a lot, but there should be at least two pieces of chicken for everyone and plenty of the other stuff."

"Are you sure you don't mind?" Sarah asked.

"Once again," Master said, "I wouldn't ask if I minded."

"It would be great if I could eat something that wasn't freeze dried or out of a can for once," she replied. 

"We'll have to share plates, we only brought three," I said, "and we're drinking the wine out of the bottle, if you wish some, Mistress."

"I don't mind. You get used to roughing it on the trail." I noticed she didn't even put her shorts back on. After all, the three of us had already seen her naked, Lisa and I up close and personal, and Master hadn't bothered her at in the slightest, though he'd been happy to look.

I put double portions on my plate and sat next to her so we could share the food. We were soon eating, and passing the bottle around, taking swigs and passing it on.

"How long have you been hiking the trail now, Mistress?" Lisa asked.

"Yeah, what's the deal with calling me Mistress anyway?" Sarah asked.

"If you aren't a slave," I explained, "you're higher in the hierarchy than we are, and deserve to be called by a title; Mistress if you're a woman and Master if you're male."

"What if I don't want to be called Mistress?" She asked.

"As a higher authority, you could ask them to address you by name," Master said, "but I'd prefer you didn't. I don't want them used to addressing their betters with familiarity. It might result in their punishment."

"What kind of punishments are you talking about? Sit in a corner, time out?"

"More like spankings or whippings, Mistress," I replied, "until our asses are red and it's hard to sit down for awhile."

"You'd spank or whip your wife?" Sarah asked.

"No, I wouldn't spank my wife, but I would spank my slave," Master said. "How can she experience what it's like to be a sex slave if it's only the stuff she wants. If she wants to fuck other people and cum like a slave, than she should be punished as one. This is the full experience, not some watered down version where I tie her up once in awhile. I read the books she was fantasizing about. The public nudity, the spankings, the sex with others was all part of it. She isn't a lesbian. She'd never licked a cunt before, yet she licked yours, because she's a slave, more specifically, a sex slave, one who's a vessel for men's and women's cum. That's her purpose in life until her slavery is over. She can get out of it at any time by giving me her safe word, but until she uses it, she'll be treated as the sex slave she is."

"And you enjoy this, both of you?" Sarah asked.

"Very much, Mistress" I answered. "Best decision of my life, Mistress," Lisa said. "Everything I've experienced is so much better than I thought it would be. Master could spank me twice as much and twice as hard and I still wouldn't regret my decision."

Sarah was silent. 

"Well, I don't know about the rest of you," Master said, "but I want to cool off in that spring. You'll excuse me if I strip off. No one brought a suit."

"No, go ahead," Sarah said. 

Sarah watched with interest when Master took off his clothes. I think she wondered if he had a magic dick since we'd both agreed to be his sex slaves and seemed to be loving it so much. Master does have a lovely cock, but it wasn't the biggest I'd had in my mouth, or even my cunt, since Jerry was wider than Master, if not longer. Lisa had the Strong boys in her, packed so tight it looked like she was giving birth and Marcus, the delivery person might have had the largest cock of all. Still it was a wonderful cock and he did know how to use it to our advantage. He wasn't fully erect, but I planned to change that soon. I knew it was Lisa's turn to get fucked, but if she got hers out of the way, I'd be next.

All three of us got in the water and started splashing each other and playing grab ass, with plenty of ass to be grabbed. Sarah finally decided to join us, taking off her shirt and bra and coming into the water. She had beautiful firm breasts, maybe B cup. I planned to show her how marvelous Master's cock was and when he was standing in thigh deep water, I sucked his cock, getting him hard within seconds. He hadn't cum since this morning, so I knew he was ready. Rather than suck him to climax, I encouraged Lisa to ride his cock. He picked her up and set her down on his shaft and she slid right down. I massaged his balls as she rode him and he orgasmed in her cunt, moaning in his pleasure. I knew Lisa climaxed at least once. When his cock finally slid out of her pussy, I licked him clean, tasting both of them. 

I could tell Sarah didn't really want to stare, she kept turning away, but couldn't help turning back every few seconds to see what was happening. I hope she got an eyeful. If I was going to be a slave, I was going to be proud in my slavery. She stayed in the water a few minutes after we got out, idly washing her body with water. 

When she finally got out, she said to me, "You helped your husband fuck another woman."

"No, Mistress. I helped my Master fuck another slave."

"Is there really any difference?" Sarah asked.

Master wasn't nearby so I said, "Mistress, ask my Master if he wants to fuck you." 

"What is this? Some kind of trick to let him fuck me?"

"No, ask him. If he says he would, you can change your mind, Mistress. He won't rape you, but he won't say yes."

"Why not, I don't look as nice as you or Lisa?"

"No, I think you're eminently fuckable, Mistress, but he won't because you're not a slave. Go ahead, ask him."

She hesitated, unsure if we were setting her up for something. After a minute of thought, she walked up and asked Master, "Since your wife fucked another man today, perhaps you'd like to fuck me. You have a nice cock and I wouldn't mind trying it out."

"I'm sorry, but no," Master replied.

"You don't think I'm pretty enough to have sex with?" Sarah asked, still unsure.

"Don't misunderstand me," he replied, "I'd love to have sex with you, but if I did, I'd be cheating on my wife."

"She just had sex with two other men and you just had sex with another woman. How is having sex with me cheating on her?"

"A slave had sex with two men, my wife did not. I didn't have sex with another woman, I had sex with a slave. When this experiment is over, my wife can't have sex with other men. I can't have sex with other women. I actually appreciate fidelity in my spouse and myself. Because she can have sex with other men as a slave, I can have sex with other slaves as a Master. It doesn't give me carte blanch to fuck anyone I want any time I want. If I do, I'm cheating on my spouse."

"How can this cockamamie sex slave thing have so many rules?" Sarah asked, astounded. "You're all having sex with one another and you're worried about adding one more to the mix."

"If you want to fuck my Master," I said, "you can always volunteer to be a slave, but he won't fuck you otherwise."

"The more I hear, the weirder it gets," Sarah opined.

"If we're going to play with fire like this," Master said, "I think rules are even more important. Are we even talking about a marriage anymore if everyone gets to fuck whoever they want. Julia just learned her parents are in an open marriage. Essentially they're together for the purposes of a tax deduction and so they don't have to go through the hassle of a divorce, because they're with anyone else they want to be. This is a limited time deal, because I don't want an open marriage. I'm more traditional than that. I'm indulging a fantasy of my wife for a brief period of time. It has some sexual benefits to us both, which makes it more fair, I guess, but I'm not going to fuck you."

"Good. I didn't want you to."

"Then why did you ask?"

"Julia told me to. She said there was a difference between you fucking another woman and fucking a slave and I didn't think there was. She said if I asked to fuck you, I'd understand the difference."

Master laughed. "So do you understand the difference?"

"Maybe. I'm still not totally sure, because you guys are fucking nuts, but I suppose I'm getting the picture anyway."

Master put on his shorts and tee shirt. His slaves remained naked. Surprisingly, Sarah did too. When I asked her why, she said it was nice to be naked for awhile and not as bad as she thought it would be. Master said we had to go now so we packed everything up and started back down the trail. Master still carried Sarah's pack. We three women took turns carrying ours, to keep the straps from rubbing too much on bare skin. We saw two more couples hiking the trail, but other than stares, didn't receive any more queries or requests for sex.

Nearing the end, Master asked, "So, you never answered Lisa's question. How long have you been hiking the trail?"

"Five weeks plus a couple days," Sarah said. 

"Would you like to take a couple days respite? Soft beds, hot showers and food, cool pool, a nice barbecue on Memorial Day with some nice folks? We can drop you back on the trail on Tuesday. I have something in mind I'd like your help with and I'd be willing to pay you a couple hundred dollars for it to add to your travel funds."

"You hardly know me."

"I think we know you enough," Master said. "I'm not talking about anything dangerous or too strange. You might enjoy yourself."

"We're not talking about any of your weird sex games, right?"

"No sex of any kind unless you want it, and then, only with slaves. Although a few of the guys coming over on Monday are single. I suppose if you wanted to hook up with one of them, nobody would care, but they're all nice gents and no one will pressure you to do anything you don't want to. We don't do drugs, don't drink like fish. The house is nice, the beds are clean, the sheets are fresh. It's not necessary, but I thought you might enjoy the break."

"Do you women care if I come over?"

"It's none of our business," I said. "We have no say in the matter." 

I wondered what Master wanted her for. Not as a slave. I doubted Sarah was slave material. If anything, she struck me more as Mistress material. He wasn't going to sleep with her unless she was a slave, but whatever it was, he was willing to pay her for it. Masters didn't always share their plans with slaves and I was sure I'd learn eventually.

"You may not have any say with your Master, but your opinion matters to me. Do you care if I come over?"

"Speaking for myself, I'd love to have you," I said.

"Lisa?" Sarah asked.

"I would enjoy your company as well," Lisa said.

She thought for a couple minutes, then said, "I'll do it. I would like a break."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
"Wonderful," Master said. "Ladies, the trail starts getting a lot more crowded from here on out. We certainly don't want to reach the parking lot naked. I'm sure someone would raise a stink. Here are your clothes back." 

He handed us our two garments. 

"You certainly don't wear much," Sarah commented. She was putting on her own things.

"Master likes to fuck us at a moments notice," I replied. "Slaves have to be ready."

Sarah laughed. "Fucking crazy," she said.

"But so much fun," Lisa said.

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 14|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-14|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<em>Sarah comes to the house and learns more about a slave's needs. This chapter contains oral and anal sex, lesbian sex, squirting, nudity, and tipping the delivery driver. It also contains a scene of spanking. There are no STD's to worry about in this fantasy world.</em> 

<strong>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 14 - A Guest</strong> 

SCOTT 

I told the slaves to sit in the back seat and invited Sarah to sit in the front. We reached the car and we put the knapsacks in the trunk and everyone took a seat. 

"I don't want to bother with preparing food tonight," I said. "I was thinking of going through a drive through on our way home. Any suggestions?" 

"We could go home and order Thai food, Master," Julia said. 

"You're hoping for a chance to fuck Marcus, aren't you, you greedy slave?" 

"This slave would not be averse to tipping Marcus if he worked tonight," Julia admitted. "He had a very nice cock. Lisa struggled to swallow it all, sir." 

"We'll be flipping a coin again. You may not get the chance to fuck Marcus this time either." 

"I'm willing to take my chances, Master." 

"Do you like Thai food, Sarah?" 

"I've never had it," she replied. "I'd like to try it though." 

"Do you like spicy food?" I asked. 

"I like my Mexican food spicy," she said. 

"Thai food can be very spicy. Until you know, I'd start with one of the things they label as mild, and work up to the hotter varieties." 

"Okay." 

When we got home, I showed her the guest room and bath. I told her if she had any clothes that needed washing, I'd have one of the slaves get started on her laundry. She handed me every article of clothing she possessed including the ones she was wearing. I raised my eyebrows. 

"You've already seen everything I have," Sarah said. "No point in being modest now. Everything needs to be washed." 

"Would you like a robe for when the delivery person arrives?" I asked. "I can get you one of Julia's." 

"That would be nice. I'm still not sure I'm ready for the amount of casual nudity your slaves are used to." 

"Feel free to take a shower before joining us," I said. "We'll hold off on ordering food until you're ready." 

"Thank you." 

I left Sarah alone. When she came out to the living room, she found me fucking my number one slave, Julia, whose turn it was. She was moaning up a storm at the time, begging me for permission to cum for the third time. I was so close myself, I told Julia she couldn't cum yet. I saw Sarah had trimmed herself up, removing some of the hair around her pussy and shaving her arm pits and legs. Lisa handed her Julia's robe. My slaves had no need of robes at the current time. My cum was starting to boil and I could feel it rising up my stalk. I told Julia she could cum and she clamped down hard on my cock just as I started to spill into her, greatly increasing the pleasurable sensations for myself. After both of our pulsations ended, I pulled out and Lisa cleaned me off. I tucked myself away and zipped up. 

Sarah put on the robe and sat down in the big easy chair. 

"How often do you guys fuck?" 

"Four or five times a day," I replied. "The slaves would prefer if we did it more often, but I have biological limits." 

"Still, four or five times a day is nothing to sneeze at," Sarah said. "I was real lucky if my last boyfriend did it that many times a week." 

"You'd be surprised how arousing it is having two naked slaves at my complete disposal. Like Viagra, but better because it's all natural." 

I handed her my iPad. "Here's the menu from the Thai restaurant we're ordering from. They grade the heat by the number of peppers beside the name. One pepper is mildly spicy, four is nuclear. No one here gets the four pepper food, but we'll have an assortment of different heat levels, so you can try different ones." 

"These prices are steeper than I've allotted for food," Sarah noted. "I don't think I can afford them." 

"You're my guest," I said. "You won't have to pay for anything while you're here. Order what you want." 

"I still don't know why you invited me here. I feel like there's something you are expecting from me I don't want to give. What's this thing you want me to do you're willing to pay me for?" 

"I can't speak of it in front of the slaves." I saw Julia and Lisa look at each other. "When we have a moment alone, I'll discuss it with you. You can always refuse. There are no strings attached here." 

"Why me?" Sarah asked. 

"Because you were curious enough to ask what we were doing and backtracked to the spring in order to ask questions. You've fit in without making a big deal about it. I like your curiosity and spirit of adventure, not only about us, but walking the Trail. If you hadn't asked questions, you wouldn't be here. I'd never have considered asking you otherwise." 

She nodded and looked back at the menu. 

"What are you getting so far?" 

"A couple orders of the chicken satay as appetizers, two orders of the Nam Sod salad, I'm getting the pineapple curry duck, Julia's getting the seafood volcano, and Lisa's ordering the salmon panang." 

"Are you sure you don't mind paying for my food?" 

"I wouldn't offer if I..." 

"Yeah, yeah, yeah. Wouldn't offer if you had a problem with it. Fine. I'll order the shrimp sweet and sour stir fry. I still feel like I'm waiting for the other shoe to drop." 

She handed me back the menu and I ordered it delivered and requested Marcus to deliver. 

"Apparently, Marcus is working tonight and they'll deliver in forty-five minutes. Why don't you get your harnesses again?" I told my slaves. 

"Yes, Master." "Right away, sir." 

They disappeared and quickly returned with their harness. I fastened their cuffs to the back of the harness so their breasts were thrust out proudly. I began to play with their breasts, making them moan, somewhat forgetting our guest. 

"I'm sorry," I apologized. "I should offer you one of my slaves. Would you like one to play with?" 

"I don't have to do anything, right?" 

"You can do as little or as much as you're comfortable with. They're yours to do with as you wish except to harm them in any way." 

"I'll take Lisa then, and leave you with your wife." 

"Lisa, do whatever the Mistress requires of you." 

"Yes, Master." 

She awkwardly got to her feet and approached Sarah. "Mistress, I'm yours to command." 

Sarah flipped the two sides of her robe apart, exposing her newly trimmed cunt. "I want you to pleasure me, slave." 

"Yes, Mistress. Would you like my hands free to assist or to pleasure you as I am." 

"Just use your tongue and lips," Sarah said. "If I want more, I'll release you." 

Lisa carefully knelt down and with her hands locked behind her, commenced licking Sarah's cunt. I put Julia on my lap and we kissed as I played with her tantalizing tits. After ten or more minutes of foreplay, my slave begged again. 

"Please, Master. Your slave would like to cum again. Please fuck me." 

"Not until we see if Marcus will fuck you," I replied. "I will let you cum, however." 

I shoved two fingers in her sheath, and within a few minutes more, she spasmed on my fingers. "Again, Master," she begged. I accommodated her need until she climaxed again. Lisa was doing the same for Sarah. Sarah had orgasmed three times I was aware of. She was not particularly quiet when she climaxed, not being particularly shy in the present company. Lisa's face glistened with her cum. The doorbell rang. 

"He's early," I said. "He must have rushed to get here. Go open the door slave." 

I pushed Julia off my lap and she went to the door. I was surprised Sarah didn't have Lisa stop and cover herself, knowing someone else was entering the house. She had heard enough to realize one of the slaves was going to be fucked, so perhaps it wouldn't matter to the delivery driver. Julia managed to get the door open with her hands behind her back. 

"Good evening, Master Marcus," she said, seeing him at the door. "Come in." 

"I can't believe my fucking luck. Which one do I get to fuck tonight?" He noticed a third woman there, although she wasn't totally naked and was getting her rug munched. 

"Julia, it's your turn to call it. Heads or tails?" 

"Heads, Master," Julia called out. It had been tails the last time we flipped and she'd lost on a tails call previously, I'd have called heads too. 

I tossed the coin, flipping it towards the door. Marcus and Julia both looked at it. "Heads it is," Marcus said. 

"How do you want your slave, Master Marcus," Julia said 

"On your knees sucking cock for the moment." 

Julia knelt on the ground and Marcus released his cock, already hard. Probably got hard on the drive over. He had to be at least eight and maybe nine inches long and damned close to three inches thick. Julia struggled getting all of him in her mouth. I saw her swallowing over and over again to fit him all in her throat. 

"Damn!" Marcus exclaimed. "I can't believe both of your slaves can take all of my cock. I've never had anyone get it all down before." 

"It is pretty impressive," Sarah said. 

"Has Mr. Rivers picked you up as a third slave?" Marcus asked. 

"Not on a bet," Sarah answered. "Just a guest of the house." 

"Can that one lick cunt as well as she sucks cock?" Marcus asked. 

"Well, she was with two guys earlier who had no complaints; but I can't really speak to the cock sucking. She's a damn fine cunt licker though. In fact, she's making me cum again." Sarah ground her cunt against Lisa's lips. 

"Is it the same deal as before?" Marcus asked me. 

"Which deal are you referring to," I asked. "The tip. You get to keep it if you make her cum?" 

"Well that, and I can use any hole I want?" 

"That's correct. Any hole you want," I answered. 

"Bend over, slave. I want to fuck your ass. I've never fucked an ass before." 

My poor little slave. Perhaps we should have gone to larger butt plugs before we stopped. Marcus was carrying quite the bat. I tossed him the lube. 

"Catch," I said. "Moisten your cock in her cunt and use some of this. She's never had anything as large as you in her ass before." 

The second he stuck his cock in her cunt, she orgasmed, without asking for permission. 

"Fuck me! God, fuck me with that beautiful prick, you stud." 

Listening to your wife begging another man to fuck her is a jolt to the system. I won't try to deny I wasn't hit with massive pangs of jealousy. Watching her go wild on his tool still aroused me, despite the green monster rearing its ugly head. My cock was growing. This was the closest I'd been when Julia was fucked by another man, without sharing her at the same time. I'd been a substantial distance away when she was fucking the two on the trail today. They'd both been in Lisa when I got closer. I'd been in her ass when Jerry fucked her and really unable to see much except when she first climbed aboard his cock. This was more somehow, sitting a few feet away while her pussy was packed and churned to jelly. As Marcus slid back and forth in her climaxing cunt, he spread lube liberally around her anus. When he was ready, he pulled out and Julia moaned for him to put it back in. Damn! 

Marcus placed his powerful prong at the entrance to her back door and Julia begged him to be gentle. Fortunately for her, he was. He reached around her to play with her pussy while he slowly pushed inside. She pleaded to be allowed to cum before he was halfway in. 

I answered for him, "cum as much as you want, slave." 

She started shivering and didn't stop for several minutes. 

"Shit, she's tight," Marcus said, finally embedded in her fundament. 

I thought a milk carton would be tight on him. Sarah was watching with some amazement despite the fact Lisa was still licking her. Her attention kept wandering from Julia to Lisa's tongue delving into her slit. Sarah climaxed again. So did Julia. Both of their moans clamored for attention. 

Marcus was able to fuck her ass for five more minutes before his cock pulsed and his balls pumped voluminous amounts of cum into her ass. Julia orgasmed twice more before that happened. He never stopped playing with her clit as they fucked. Julia lay on the floor unmoving when his cock pulled out. Lisa was also still occupied, so I got a washcloth from the bathroom, rinsing it in warm water, and handed it to Marcus. He wiped himself off, then put his sausage away. 

"The food stays pretty hot in the packaging," he said as I handed him the money, including his well deserved tip. "If you need to, just microwave for a minute right in the box and it will be right as rain." 

"Thank you," I said. "Another excellent delivery." 

"Call anytime. I mean it. They can drag me out of bed if you'd like something delivered." 

I laughed. "I doubt we'll be calling again before the end of her slavery." 

"Well, I appreciate it. I'm not likely to forget." 

He left and I helped Julia get up off the floor and on her feet. I released her cuffs from the harness and handed her the washcloth. Sarah finally allowed Lisa to stop and she remained kneeling on the floor with Sarah's cum all over her face. 

"You may want to sit on this for awhile, until your sphincter has a chance to close again. He looked like he pumped a pint of cum into you." 

"I'm not sure I can sit down, Master. I'm very sore right now." 

"You can sit in the spa after supper," I said. "You can stand to eat, and I'll feed Lisa instead." 

"Yes, sir." She took the washcloth and held it against her backside. 

"Dinner's on," I said. I got the bag of food and carried it into the kitchen. I put the salads on the table and the rest of the food went into the microwave for a minute. Sarah sat down, while Lisa set the table. Julia washed her hands and got a pitcher of ice water and four beers. 

"I hope you like beer, Mistress. We find it helps with the heat of the food." 

"I enjoy a good beer." 

I set the heated food on the table, putting each one's dish before them. 

"I recommend you not let any slaves lick your cunt after supper until they've had a chance to brush their teeth. The peppers linger in the mouth for awhile and you'll find God in a whole new way if you start too soon." 

"Good warning tip. Thank you." 

"If you have a small taste of everyone's food, you'll be exposed to a wide variety of Thai," I said. 

"I'll do that, and please, help yourself to mine." 

Julia remained standing for about half the meal, eventually sitting down when she felt she could tolerate it. I pulled Lisa into my lap and fed her, kissing her frequently, tasting Sarah's cum which she hadn't wiped off because no one had given her permission to do so. We shared each others food, but unlike other foods, I was kind enough to not attempt wiping any part of the food on any part of her body. The peppers could burn for quite awhile even exposed to saliva working to digest it, let alone on some part of the body they weren't being processed away. It would be like being sprayed with pepper spray without the chance to wash it off. 

The beer helped with the heat of the food, plus lots of ice water. As we ate, we talked and learned Sarah had been born in Connecticut, got her bachelor's degree in English from Georgia, graduated with her Master's degree in Communications from the Northwestern and was walking the Pacific Crest Trail from South to North before starting a good job in the fall. She'd started at the southern end of the trail in early April and was working her way North as the weather warmed the miles ahead. Her job would be at a local TV station in the Portland, Oregon area. 

"I've always been a bit of a gypsy," Sarah said, "as you can tell from all places I've been. I like to travel and meet new people, although I've got to say, you're about the oddest bunch I've met." 

"I don't know we're all that odd," I replied. "Bondage and discipline aren't that unusual, at least on a casual, weekend gig, and I know that some people do it all the time. You'd probably be surprised how many participate on at least some level. There are clues sometimes. Collars or chokers of one sort or the other; matching bracelets on both wrists, medallions with an M or an S on it, charms featuring handcuffs or manacles or looking like ropes. Sex slavery might be one step further up the scale, but it was this scene that attracted Julia, not just punishment and confinement. She's been more aroused by the semi-public humiliation and/or nudity, the sex, the service to a strong Master. You can see how easily aroused she is, how quickly she cums, how much she cums. Which reminds me, slave. You'll need to be punished for cumming without permission this evening." 

"Yes, Master. I was a disobedient slave once again." 

"What's the punishment for cumming without permission?" Sarah asked. 

"Thirty swats with my hand for the first offense, thirty more with either a paddle or a whip for second and subsequent offenses." 

"She cums without permission more than once a day?" 

"She's a very needy slave who finds it difficult to contain her desire," I said. "She's been punished more than once a few times in two weeks. So has Lisa. She's a needy slave too, aren't you, slave?" 

"Yes, sir. Very needy. I haven't been able to cum since we were at the spring at lunch," Lisa said. "I should greatly love to cum again." 

"Why do they need permission to orgasm?" Sarah asked. 

"Needy slaves like these would be fucking each other all the time to cum. I want them ready for me to fuck, not have them fucked out on each other. By controlling their orgasms, I control them. They know they have to be pleasing to me to earn one. There's very little push back when a slave needs to cum, is there, Julia?" 

"No, Master, none I'd say. My goal in life is to be pleasing to you. If I were not, Lisa might become your favorite and I'd suffer from your lack of attention." 

"Christ! I think I'm going to write a book," Sarah said. "It's like the calendars been turned back two thousand years." 

"Yet, it hasn't stopped you from taking advantage of the situation yourself," I pointed out. "Lisa's still got your cum smeared all over her face." I kissed her again. "I adore your cum face, slave. So tell me, Sarah. Have you enjoyed your exposure as a Mistress with access to sex slaves?" 

"Damn. I have. They've been well trained to please. It's been months since I orgasmed this much." 

"Sex is one of the prime motivators," I reminded her. "Continuation of the species, of your own DNA." 

"Why haven't you got any children?" Sarah asked. 

"Julia wasn't ready to have kids yet. I've been working at building up the business. We've still got time." 

"I know you can wait longer to have children now," Sarah said, "but realistically, do you want your children graduating from high school when you're turning sixty and getting ready to retire?" 

A good question. One I hadn't asked myself yet. 

"Probably not," I said. "Since we're done eating, why don't we clean up and adjourn to the hot tub. I'm sure Julia's ass would welcome a hot soak." 

"Yes, Master, your slave would." 

We cleaned everything up, Sarah helping as any good guest would. I asked if anyone wanted something more to drink and we decided on Scotch on the rocks to temper the remaining heat of the food. I poured everyone a double shot and we went out by the pool, turned on the hot tub and climbed in. Sarah shrugged off her robe and got in like everyone else, naked. 

"You also seem to be getting more comfortable with your nudity," I pointed out. "It doesn't seem to be bothering you anymore than your use of sex slaves." 

"When in Rome," she shrugged. "I like it, but you Californians always seemed more relaxed about your clothing than Georgians and Illini." 

"So how would you rate your first experience with lesbianism?" I asked. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"Is it really lesbianism if all I do is receive and not give?" 

"Probably not, but it was females licking your cooch, so it definitely has a percentage of lesbianism, doesn't it?" 

"I suppose. It wasn't horrible. No, I'll admit I enjoyed it. They are very proficient and I'd say they're both skilled in pleasing a woman. But, I'd still prefer it if a man was doing it." 

"Then by my definition at least, you don't have to worry. You're not a lesbian." 

"My mom will be so relieved. She wants to have grandchildren." 

"Of course, by my definition, you wouldn't be a lesbian even if you licked a slave back." 

"So what is your definition?" 

"Given a cock or a cunt, which would you prefer to have sex with. That's my definition. By that one, neither of my slaves is a lesbian, because given the choice, they will always pick a cock. If you'd always pick a cunt, you're a lesbian and if it's something in between, then I suppose you're a bisexual of one kind or another." 

"Doesn't it depend on circumstances. If I were faced with a nice clean freshly washed cunt and or a dirty, filthy cock which hadn't been washed in two weeks, I could easily pick the cunt over the cock." 

"That only proves you're fastidious. All other things being equal, which one do you pick?" 

"Yeah, the cock." 

"There you go. My next question to you is are you a giver or a taker?" 

"What do you mean?" 

"You've taken full advantage of my two slaves without giving them any relief in return. How many orgasms have you received versus how many have you given?" 

"I've received several..." Sarah started. 

"But?" 

"Given none. Is that the deal here?" Sarah asked. "Are you trying to turn me into a cunt licker?" 

"Not at all. You certainly don't have to give them relief by licking any cunts. They can't have orgasms without permission. Have you given either one permission to have an orgasm?" 

"No. What? I should finger them to an orgasm?" 

"You don't even have to do that. You could tell them to masturbate themselves. There are two of them; they could masturbate each other. They can even lick each other, if given permission to. I would find it very difficult to sexually satisfy two needy slave girls all by myself. I have told them to masturbate for me, or to masturbate each other. Frequently, when I'm fucking one, she's licking the other one to orgasm, if I'm not licking her myself. It's only fair. Julia, how long would our experiment have lasted if I was the only one receiving pleasure and you never did?" 

"Maybe two or three days, Master." 

"Lisa, would you have joined us if you saw me using the slave, punishing her, but never let her have any pleasure herself? 

"No, sir." 

"Sarah, tell Lisa she can cum. She hasn't cum since the spring. Give her permission to cum." 

"Would you like to cum, Lisa?" Sarah asked. 

"Very much, Mistress." 

"Why don't you and Julia finger each other to two orgasms apiece, but only two," Sarah said. "I want to see lots of kissing and fondling." 

"Thank you, Mistress." They moved together and started the process of making each other cum. 

"There may be kissing and fondling, but you won't be here to see it," I said. "Stay out here, slaves, until one of us comes to fetch you. Sarah, come into the house and I'll tell you why I wanted you to join us. Bring your glass; I'll pour you another drink." 

We got out of the hot tub and dried off, going into the house after, where I poured another drink for both of us, then we sat down on the couch. 

"Okay, what's the dealio?" Sarah asked. 

"As I mentioned to you earlier, we're having a barbecue on Memorial Day. Several of our friends will be here, but also, all three sets of parents. My parents knew what was going on previously, but none of the others knew before Friday when they were invited. They were called to warn them their daughters would be nude because they were sex slaves. In the process of inviting them, we learned Julia's parents have been in an open marriage for a long as we've been married, and Lisa's have been swingers since they were married, engaging in spouse swapping and group sex orgies involving all matter of sex acts between multiple people, not all of it heterosexual. 

"Originally, it was my intent that the slaves, and there will be three; would only serve food and beverages to the parents nude until three o'clock, when they'd be ushered out before the real games began. This is my poker group and for the last two poker games, first Julia, then Julia, Lisa and Gwen, have served the player who won each hand, orally for two minutes. At the end of the game, their sexual services were auctioned off to the highest bidder, using only money won from the game, and money paid going to the slaves preferred charity, under roughly the same criteria as the two men today, fifteen minutes or until the bidder orgasmed, whichever came last. We'll be playing again on Monday although I have some other fun and games planned before the poker starts involving dice. Essentially, every player would get to be with every one of the slaves for some brief foreplay as determined by the dice. 

"Knowing now that all of our parents have participated in some sexual weirdness themselves, I'm rethinking the original premise of them just eating and leaving. I'm thinking of binding each of the slaves for forty-five minutes for anyone to use in any way they want, with a couple exceptions. I don't want the parents of any of the slaves engaging in incestuous acts with their children. Or even my parents engaging in sex with their daughter-in-law. Even if it's not strictly incestuous, it has an ick factor I can't wrap my head around. I'd like you here to shoo off those people who shouldn't be fucking the slaves." 

"Why do you need me? Anyone could do that." 

"Agreed, anyone else could have, but every one of them knows who the other parties are. We've gotten together often enough as a group they all know each other. Something came up when my slaves learned about their parents and they were discussing it with me. Neither one of them would ordinarily have sex with their parents, when I suggested they might have to, they were both highly aroused and had extremely explosive orgasms. For instance, Lisa admitted that she saw her father having sex with her mother when she was younger and imagined herself as the person her father was fucking. He was the first man she ever fantasized about. So despite her realizing she can never have sex with her father, it still brings up very deep seated feelings. Julia's mother said she'd never been with a woman and wondered if Julia liked being with Lisa and if she should try it. When I said she might have to lick her mother to orgasm, she had a powerful one herself. 

"Now, the other slave, Gwen, doesn't know or isn't related to anyone here, so anyone can fuck her, but my slaves would be limited, but I don't want them to know they're limited. I intend to blindfold everyone while they're confined, but the only ones it will affect is Lisa and Julia. They won't know for sure who's fucking them. No one will. They might be able to guess if it's someone who's fucked them before, but they won't know for sure. And if someone new is fucking them, they won't be able to tell anything about them. Every other person at the party would be able to tell them if it was their mother or father, but you, being new, wouldn't necessarily be able to inform them. You might have gotten confused during the introductions. So when someone is fucking them, you might be able to whisper in their ear that their father has a lovely cock, or was your father heavy set or thinner, did he have a mustache or not. I want them guessing a little as to who is fucking them." 

"You don't want their parents fucking them, but you want them to think they might be? And you want me pushing their thinking in that direction, or at least confuse the issue?" 

"Yes, because if they do have confused and somewhat twisted feelings about their parents, I anticipate they will have some very powerful orgasms. Now their safe word is 'Omega'. If either of them says it at any time, their slavery has ended. They're to be released, blindfolds removed, collars and cuffs taken off and told to dress. If they knew their parents were actually fucking them, I believe they'd both use the safe word and it would be over. But with the element of doubt created by their blindfold, and your supposed confusion, they might continue thinking you're mistaken and it couldn't possibly be their parents, and it won't, but the seed of doubt will be sown. You're the only one who might be able to pull this off." 

"That's some really kinky shit," Sarah said. 

"It's kinky mind games, but ordinary slave shit," I said. "I'll test a couple things tomorrow and see how it goes. One other thing I wanted to mention about our conversation in the hot tub. I'm going to offer you one of the slaves tonight to take to bed if you wish. You don't have to take them to your bed if you don't want to, or you can take them and use them without having to reciprocate in kind. But you will be responsible for seeing that she's rewarded for her service in some way. Give them permission to use a dildo, or to masturbate, but don't just use them and keep them frustrated. I intend their slavery to be as enjoyable for them as it is for you or me. It's all I ask if you wish to use one. Are we clear?" 

"Crystal. Use slave if I wish, but don't leave them high and dry. Got it." 

"Now, I have to punish my slave for cumming without permission. Do you wish to watch?" 

"Yes, I admit I'm curious about it." 

I went back on the patio and called for the slaves to come in after drying themselves. Three minutes later, they were both kneeling at my feet. 

"It's time for your punishment, Julia." 

****** 

JULIA 

"Yes, Master," I replied. I'd cum without permission and it was deserved, though I had no warning I'd cum so quickly. Marcus truly had a marvelous cock. 

Master sat on the couch and had me go over his knees. 

He had Sarah stand beside him so she could observe. Of course, with her standing there, she would be able to see my slutty pussy get wet as Master spanked me. Even though I'd just dried myself off with a towel getting out of the hot tub, as soon as I spread my legs, she'd be able to see how wet I was becoming. When did my punishments start to excite me so? 

"My goodness," Sarah said. "Her anus is already closed. After the way she was just fucked in the ass with that giant cock; I thought for sure it would still be gapping." 

"Oh, no," Master replied. "It's an amazingly resilient piece of apparatus. I'm sure it was closed before she sat down for supper. Spread your legs slave." 

I parted my legs and she exclaimed, "Is Julia aroused right now?" 

Of course I was. "Touch her and see," Master said. 

A soft, feminine finger glided along my slit. I moaned. "She's soaking," Sarah said. Her finger left, leaving me bereft. Of course I was. I was a sex slave. 

"There's a process I went through when I first started," Master said. "I would first strike myself to get a feeling for how hard I was hitting, how strong I was. I've done this enough times, I no longer have to do that. I've got a very good feeling now for how hard I might strike my slave without doing actual physical harm to her. One of the things Mistress Dark taught me is how endorphins released by sexual gratification allow the slave to tolerate more pain. When I first began, I would usually give her an orgasm halfway through to let me continue without it hurting too much. As she's gotten more immersed in her slavery, I often find she'll cum on her own as she's punished. It's become more noticeable." 

"Really, she'll cum while she's being spanked?" 

"A few times now," Master replied. "Once I was punishing her with a paddle when a delivery person arrived. I made her get up and answer the door. She was crying and the delivery man asked her what was wrong and she explained she was being punished and asked him to touch her ass and see how warm it was. Then I invited him in to witness the balance of her punishment, about eight or nine strokes with the paddle. Of course he stood close to witness it and I pointed out to him how wet her cunt was. I gave her all but the last stroke and told him to touch her. As soon as he did, she climaxed. Since I didn't say anything to stop him, he pushed his fingers in her and finger fucked her. She climaxed several times while he did it, even though it was only a few minutes. Now in that instance, I'm sure it was a combination of her spanking, having it witnessed by a complete stranger while she was naked over my lap, and the first time some man other than myself had touched her intimately since our marriage which caused her to be so aroused she came that easily and quickly." 

I remembered. I'm sure Master was right. The entire incident was etched permanently in my mind. My shame at being seen, the humiliation of being punished in front of someone else. Now he was going to punish me in front of Sarah, and I was so fucking aroused, I'm sure my clit was poking out. My nipples ached from their hardness. 

"Keep count for me, slave," Master said. 

"Yes, Master." His hand came down. Smack. I felt the warmth start under his hand and slowly spread. I counted. Smack, another on the other side. Smack; evenly paced warmth spreading out from the points of contact, approaching my already heated cunt. Smack, smack, smack, counting each time, my bottom glowing, becoming redder with each swat of my Master's hand. Smack, ensuring his slave remained the obedient slut he wanted. Smack, smack, smack. I'm still counting, mindless. The actual number irrelevant; I'd keep counting as long as he kept swatting. I felt the tension rising, the wave starting to roll in, to crest. 

"Master, may your slave cum," I asked, knowing Sarah was going to see me cum while Master spanked his slave. The orgasms of slaves are common things. I'd already cum multiple times as she witnessed my pleasure, but somehow cumming while punished was worse. That a slave would orgasm while her bottom was turned red more wrong than cumming while fucked in the ass or cunt. Everyone can cum from that. 

"You may cum," he said, and I felt the rush of warmth spread, flowing out, the palpitations of my pussy, fluttering in front of their eyes. Master waited for it to roll over me, for my trembling to cease, before continuing my spanking. Finally, it ended. 

"I doubted you were telling the truth when you told me she'd climaxed while being punished, yet I've seen it with my own eyes. Amazing." 

"I think it's time to retire," Master said. "Would you like to take a slave to bed, to keep you company tonight." 

"It's very tempting," Sarah said. "I think I will." 

"Which one would you like?" Master asked. 

Pick Lisa, pick Lisa, I thought, my fingers crossed. I want to feel a cock in my cunt tonight and Sarah was reluctant to pleasure us. 

"I'd like your wife, please." My heart sank. 

"You will treat Sarah with the utmost of attention and obey her in all things," Master said. "She's a guest in our home." 

"Yes, Master, of course." I will end up licking her cunt all night long and fortunate if she lets me masturbate once. 

I knelt at her feet. "Whatever Mistress desires of me." 

She pulled me to my feet. "Go brush your teeth, then return and lead the way to my bedroom," Sarah said. Was it because she didn't remember the way to her room or so she could observe my red bottom waggling in front of her. I did as she asked, washing the spicy seasoning from my mouth so I could pleasure her without problems. Master and Lisa were already in the shower, cleaning up. The hot tub had done a nice job of refreshing us, but Master enjoyed a clean slave. 

Lisa got to have Master's cock tonight. I suppose I should not resent her his cock after I had both Master and Marcus earlier while she licked Sarah's cunt over and over. Sarah was sitting back on the couch when I returned. I took her hand and led her to her bedroom. Except for the near empty knapsack sitting in the corner, there wasn't much in the room. I turned down the bed and invited her to lie down. 

"Let's take a shower," she said. "I've been on the trail for several weeks and don't feel as clean as I'd like to be." 

"Of course, Mistress." She'd showered previously, reducing her body hair which I appreciated. Still, she might still desire another shower where a slave was washing her. I would. We had no clothes; there was nothing to remove. We went into her bathroom and I turned on the shower, finding the right temperature. When the temperature was right, I invited her in and washed her. Sarah was strong looking and I didn't believe her looks deceived. Her thighs and calves were muscular and solid, her waist somewhat thick, but with a flat, tight, stomach. Her breasts were high and her nipples thick and long. I hoped I'd get to suck them later as a change of pace. She'd carried a heavy pack for several hundred miles so I knew her arms, shoulders and back were strong as well. 

My soapy hands moved all over her body, caressing every part of her. She enjoyed my attentions and climaxed when I was washing her cunt and ass. I even washed her hair, running my fingers through the wet strands and massaging her scalp. When she was as clean as I could make her, I quickly washed myself, especially the sex stink, though I imagined we'd be smelling it again soon. I dried her before I dried myself. 

"I could get used to this very easily," Sarah said. 

"Yes, Mistress," I replied. I had. It had only taken a couple days of slavery for me to be fully immersed in it; unable to think of my husband Scott as any more than my Master. The same for him. If anything, it might have taken less time. By Saturday evening, he was bending me completely to his will. She brushed her teeth as well, then I took her to her bed and she lay down and spread her legs. 

"Pleasure me. I want you to seduce me again." 

I'd been well trained to seduce, tease and please a woman. Mistress Dark had ensured I could do so. I put every ounce of talent into pleasuring Sarah. If I made her cum enough, perhaps she'd let me cum, or at least sleep without interruption. From the soles of her trail hardened feet to the soft, short hairs at the nape of her neck, I kissed and loved her body. Licking and kissing and running my lips lightly over her soft skin, I brought her to four orgasms, even running my tongue over the crinkled sphincter of her ass since I knew she was sparkling clean. My face was drenched in her fluids when she finally stopped me. 

"You are so good at that," Sarah said. "It's hard to believe it was two weeks ago when you first started." 

"Thank you, Mistress, for finding I give you pleasure." 

Sarah pulled me up from her crotch. "Your face is very messy, slave," she said. 

"Yes, Mistress. You orgasmed hard and often." 

"You know, I've never even kissed a girl. Did you know that?" 

"No, Mistress. It's not been discussed." 

"What's it like? Do you enjoy it?" 

"Kissing girls might be the only thing I like better about women, Mistress. Their lips are so soft compared to a mans. Perhaps the lipsticks and moisturizers we use." 

"Kiss me, slave." 

"I've got your cum all over my face, Miss." 

"I don't care, kiss me anyway." 

So I kissed her and kissing her was as nice as kissing Lisa, her lips soft and inviting. She even licked some of her cum off my face. 

"My cum is sweeter than I thought," Sarah said, licking my face. 

"I find a woman's cum becomes sweeter, the more she cums, Mistress." 

"Would you like to orgasm now, slave?" 

"Very much, Mistress." 

"Can I be completely honest with you, slave." 

"Of course, Mistress." 

"I want to see your Master punish you with the paddle and the whip, so I'm not going to give you permission to cum, although I suspect you'll orgasm often." 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"I understand, Mistress, but Master believes the Master or Mistress in charge of the slave should administer the punishment when a slave is disobedient." 

"You mean I would be the one punishing you if you cum without permission?" 

"Yes, Mistress. When Lisa climaxed without Jerry's permission, he was the one who punished her, though Master watched to ensure it was done according to his specifications. He does not want us injured nor permanently marked." 

"I would spank you, paddle you and whip you?" 

"Yes, Mistress." I did not feel her questions boded well for this slave. 

"This just got a whole lot more interesting," Sarah said. 

"If I may be so bold, Mistress. Sometimes being made to hold one's orgasm is both worse and better than the punishment itself. If you would give this slave permission to cum. I will tell Master that I climaxed without permission." 

"How is it both better and worse?" Sarah asked. 

"Having to keep from having an orgasm is terrible. The pressure keeps building up and building up until you want to scream. It's what makes the Slave Trainer so effective. It won't let you cum. It suppresses it. When you're finally allowed to cum, the relief is so great, the orgasms tend to be longer and stronger and sometimes, multiple. So the waiting is worse, but the orgasm is better. I'm used to punishments now. You saw how I climaxed while being spanked, so it's worse because I have to delay and better because it's more powerful. May I demonstrate on you, Mistress?" 

"Please." 

"Remember, your goal is to resist your orgasm as long as you're able. No matter what I do to you, resist cumming as long as possible. Strain to your utmost. I want you to beg me to cum, so I know how close you are, but I won't let you and you must keep resisting until you absolutely cannot hold it anymore. Do you understand, Mistress?" 

"Yes, of course." 

So I began a new seduction, kissing her while my hand stroked her thighs and mons, especially her sensitive inner thighs. Her legs drew farther apart. I trailed my lips down her body while my hand drew closer to her mons. I kissed and suckled her nipples as I stroked the bottom of her cleft, and insinuated a finger in her anus. She was panting hard by now. 

"It feels so good," she moaned. I didn't respond except with my actions. My mouth drifted further south and I licked her belly button and the top of her mons where her hair sprouted. First one finger, then two slid into her slick slit. I found her g-spot and lightly scraped a finger nail over the rough ridges. 

"Please let me cum," Sarah whimpered. 

"Not yet, Mistress. You can hold out longer." 

Her belly was rising and falling rapidly as she panted, tiny ripples of the muscles underlying the skin. It was time to step it up. My mouth went over her cleft and licked up from my fingers to where her clit was starting to peek out. She moaned again. 

"Not yet, Mistress, hold it." 

I began nibbling her folds, interspersed with my tongue gathering the fluids leaking from her pussy. The ripples on her stomach increased and her toes were curling and leg muscles flexing. 

"Oh, God, I don't know if I can hold it any longer," she said. 

"You must. You don't have permission yet, Mistress." 

I hit her with the píece de résistance. I pushed a third finger into her cunt, my little finger into her ass and sucked fiercely on her clitoris. Sarah exploded, screaming loudly enough to wake the house and she did something I'd heard of, but never witnessed. She squirted. At first I thought it was pee, and she no longer had control of her bladder, but it wasn't urine. Didn't smell like it and certainly didn't taste as I expected urine would taste. It was just an incredible amount of the same stuff I'd been licking from her cunt. She drenched my face and the sheets. 

Sarah was immediately apologetic. "I'm so sorry. Please forgive me. I've never done anything like that before. Oh, my God." 

"It's all right, Mistress. I'm guessing it was an immensely powerful orgasm." 

"Unbelievable," she said. "I'm still shaking. I'm so sorry. You're wet, the bed is wet." 

Since the sheets were already wet, I wiped my face, shoulders and chest off, removing her cum. 

"We can change the bed, Mistress" I said. "I've wiped myself off. Perhaps now you recognize a little of the plight of the sex slave. We must surrender fully. Our bodies are not our own. Our orgasms are not our own. They are controlled by our Master. If you get up, I'll change the sheets for us." 

She got up and I took the sheets of the bed. Sarah was still shaking. I found more sheets in the linen closet and brought them into the bedroom. Sarah had calmed down some; the trembling not so bad. She helped me replace the linens, including the pillow cases so they matched the rest. We got back into bed. 

"I want to watch you masturbate. I want to see what you do to cum." 

"Yes, Mistress." 

I started touching myself, playing with my breasts with my left hand while my right crept down between my legs and began stroking my cleft, paying attention to my clit, hard and demanding little thing that it was. She watched me as I climaxed, moaning. I was oddly aroused by her close scrutiny. 

"Again," Sarah whispered. I had no objection. I could do this all night. 

This time, as I stroked myself, her hand went over mine, following my motions, holding me. When I orgasmed, her hand got as wet as mine. 

"Again," she said, and she licked and sucked my breasts as our entwined fingers caressed me. 

"Your nipples are so big, so long," Sarah whispered against them. 

"And so sensitive, Mistress," I whimpered. I climaxed again. 

"Now, let me," Sarah whispered in my ear and I withdrew my hand and her own was the only hand caressing me, her hand on and in my cunt, her tongue on my breasts and I gasped when she made me cum. I stroked her hair, her face, basking in the afterglow of my orgasm. 

"I want to taste you now, slave, while you taste me. Make me cum again." 

"Yes, Mistress." 

She climbed over me and her cunt settled over my face and she made me cum three more times. Her lack of skill and practice made up for by her enthusiasm and delight. I made her cum five times. We lay quietly, exhausted, before I got out of bed, grabbed a towel, returned and gently wiped our faces. 

She curled up against me and whispered, "God help me. I'm beginning to think I'm queer." 

I laughed. "Here's the test, Mistress. I want you to picture Marcus's cock tonight. That big slab of meat, long and thick, a truly spectacular cock. Now. Imagine that cock in your cunt, pushing its way in, burying itself deep inside you, pumping, turning your pussy to mush. Is that image firmly within your mind." 

"Oh, yes," she moaned and her hips twitched as if she could feel it. 

"Now do you want, that, or my tongue on you one more time." 

"Please, give me the cock." 

"You're not queer, Mistress. You're simply appreciating the perspective of taking your pleasure where you can get it, and tonight it was me. You've experienced the dilemma of the sex slave. I'm so fucking horny all the time and I need to cum and sometimes, a woman is all I have, like you tonight. I'm sorry Master won't fuck you, but we do have some spectacular cocks coming over on Monday. Jerry is maybe the longest, not quite Marcus territory, but slightly longer than Master, and fatter too. He's black and a good looking stud." 

"He's the one who punished Lisa?" 

"Yes. Master invited him for supper one evening to thank him for helping out at work when my slavery started so Master could spend more time with me. Master offered him one of his slaves for the evening and he took Lisa, I think because he felt weird about taking Master's wife, but he fucked me our last poker game." 

"Like I was offered you," Sarah said, holding my hand. 

"Yes, Mistress. I regret to say I felt bad you chose me because I thought I wouldn't cum at all this evening. I wished Lisa to have you, even though she hasn't had any cock since lunch. Really, it was her turn with Master anyway, but I wanted so bad to cum tonight, so I'm extremely thankful you were willing to play together." 

"Scott told me before he called you in for your punishment that he was going to offer me one of you. He said it was important to him that his slaves enjoy their slavery as much as he or I did. He said it didn't make any difference how I arranged for your pleasure, but to ensure you had some. I admit to being scared to be with another woman. I don't know why. Afraid I might like it and it would mean something other than you say it does. I'm not sure. It was selfish to ignore your pleasure and I'm sorry I did earlier, but I didn't know how. I thought I'd have to do the same thing you did, and I wasn't ready. Even tonight, I had to slowly work up to it, but you made it easier for me, and I thank you. I hope I did right by you." 

"Oh, Mistress. I enjoyed every moment. I knew you didn't really want to fully reciprocate, but you made an effort and did all you could to make me feel good. I'm happy now you picked me. It was wonderful." 

"Thank you. So tell me more about these men on Monday." 

"After the poker game, Jerry purchased my cunt, Master my ass and Ron was in my mouth. My first triple penetration. It was extraordinary. Ron is Regina's husband. He has an average cock and he was so horny he climaxed within four minutes in my mouth. Thankfully, Master and Jerry lasted much longer and turned my pussy and ass to jelly." 

"You had a foursome?" 

"Airtight, Mistress. That was me as long as Ron lasted. I think he came so quickly because Regina cock blocked him and he'd only cum once all night. Then we have Rob and Edward Strong, twins, and I'm referring to their cocks as well. They're the thickest of the group. As fat as Marcus is, though not as long. Chen is maybe six inches long, on the thinner side, but he gets erections so quickly and recovers fast after cumming. I'd be willing to bet he could fuck you four times in an hour. Regina brought a vibrating strap-on and she purchased Gwen's ass and Lisa's mouth. Gwen came hard when she fucked her ass. Regina was the big winner. She could have purchased my ass and mouth both, she had that much money left, but instead, I got my first triple." 

"What about your parents. Your Master told me they're all coming over too. Do you think you might be having sex with them?" 

"I hope not, Mistress. I couldn't bear the thought of serving my family. It's too horrible to contemplate." 

"What do you do? Call time and give up the slavery?" 

"I pray it doesn't come down to that, Mistress. I've loved my slavery more than I ever thought possible. I don't want to give up a minute of it, but incest; I could never do it. I'm going to feel extremely humiliated just being naked in front of them." 

"So you think I'd be able to fuck one of the guys?" 

"I'm sure you could, Mistress. Even if you're not a slave, there will be time before the poker starts where someone would be available. I'd stay away from Ron, the married guy. There seemed to be a lot of tension between him and Regina. It doesn't look promising for their marriage, but there are four extremely eligible men you could fuck without question. Hell, it sounds like my Dad and Lisa's are both fair game too, as surprising as it is to hear me say that." 

"How would you feel if I fucked your father?" 

"It sounds like Master is going to let them fuck someone. Why not you, Mistress? I've fucked you." 

"Yes, you certainly have, and all this talk of fucking and nice big cocks has made me horny again. Would you mind if we...?" 

"Not at all, Mistress. I'm ready to cum again, too. What would you like me to do?" 

"Could you get in a sixty-nine with me again?" 

"You're the Mistress. I'm at your disposal. Just tell me what to do." 

"I want you to sit on my face and then start licking my cunt. And make me beg to cum again." 

I laughed. "Your wish is my command, Mistress, but I must warn you that I don't have any more sheets for this bed until I do laundry, so if you squirt again, we're going to be sleeping in your cum." 

"Don't make me beg as long this time then," Sarah said, smiling. 

I climbed over her body and we showed each other how much we love to cum. 

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 15|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-15|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<em>Julia proclaims her need and desire for slavery. Sarah punishes a slave and likes it. This chapter contains oral sex, lesbian sex, masturbation, regular sex, bondage, spanking, and whipping. The participants don't have to worry about STD's.</em> 

<strong>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 15 - Lead Into the Holiday</strong> 

JULIA 

We both slept late the following morning. Lots of good sex will do that for you. Of course, Mistress wanted more when she woke up. Girls are so much more capable when it comes to cumming. I wore more of her cum on my face when we showed up for breakfast since she ordered me not to wash my face. She cleaned up, perhaps shy she'd licked a woman for the first time. Slaves don't need to worry about being shy. It isn't allowed. Master showed Sarah how he usually fed his slaves. Lisa sat on Master's lap, but I was too big for Sarah's. I tried and her leg quickly went to sleep, so I sat beside her as she fed me. 

Master took note of my face as we ate and asked me if I had a satisfactory night. 

"Mistress ensured your slave received sufficient gratification, Master. I have no complaints. I'm sorry to inform you that I orgasmed three times without permission last night." Actually, it was closer to a dozen, but I only promised to say it was three times. "I stand ready to be punished again today." 

Master said to Sarah, "It's common for the Dominant with control of the slave when she was disobedient to perform the punishment." 

"Your slave informed me of the same thing," Sarah said. 

"Is that why she had so much trouble getting your permission to cum?" Master asked. 

It was hard getting anything past my Master. 

"That might have something to do with it," Sarah replied. "I actually wanted to see you whip her, but she said I'd have to do it." 

"So you're enjoying being a dominant?" Master asked. 

"I am, very much. I only wish your slave was male." 

"I very much prefer she isn't," Master said, laughing. 

"I'm not terribly disappointed she isn't either. I had a wonderful time last night." 

"I'd like to inform everyone that Mistress Sarah is a squirter," I said. "We have some extra laundry to do today." 

"Do tell?" Master said, and Sarah blushed. "I didn't witness any squirting yesterday while at the spring, nor while Lisa was pleasuring her before Marcus's arrival. How did this get discovered?" 

"In order to make her understand the plight of a slave when she is not allowed to cum, I asked her to hold back from cumming as long as she possibly could, while I did my utmost to pleasure her. She kept asking for permission to cum and I refused her. When it seemed she couldn't possibly hold out any longer, I shoved a third finger into her cunt and my little finger into her anus, while sucking as hard as I could on her clit. The rest is history." 

Master and Lisa both laughed, Sarah and I joining quickly. It was a joyous laughter. No one was making fun of her. 

"So now she knows how difficult it is for a slave to be refused an orgasm," Lisa said. 

"And how powerful your orgasm is when you've waited so long to climax," I said. "I was quite surprised. I thought at first she was peeing on me and I was horrified. You don't know how relieved I was to find it was only cum." 

We all laughed again, Sarah smiling at me. "You had to tell, didn't you?" 

"Of course, Mistress. You didn't order me not to tell, and you will be punishing me today. I felt it only fair." 

"I shall have to remember to order you the next time I do something embarrassing." 

"Don't be ashamed of something natural," Master said. "It's no worse than if it were some other sexual issue such as premature ejaculation or inability to orgasm." 

"No one here suffers from that problem," Sarah offered. "Cumming seems to be a natural state of affairs." 

"Since I didn't share Master's bed this morning, Lisa," I said. "I hope you earned our clothes for the day, by swallowing Master's cum this morning?" 

"I happily took care of that chore for us, Julia." 

"Clothes," Sarah said. "You hardly ever wear any clothes. What do you mean you earn them?" 

"What little we wore on the trail yesterday was earned, Mistress," I replied. "If we wish to leave the house in anything approaching presentable, we must suck Master's cock first thing when he wakes up. The alternative choice is much worse, usually approaching plain nudity. And the secondary choice must be won by undergoing a twenty swat spanking with the paddle in addition to the blow job he should have received earlier, usually in front of someone. The Sunday after my slavery started, I slept in late and ended up wearing a transparent top and a micro mini skirt so short, I showed my cunt every time I stretched or sat down in front of my Master's parents. Because my slavery just started, I didn't have to undergo the spanking and cock sucking in front of them, but I was wiping his cum off the corner of my mouth before they walked in the door. I was so embarrassed. To think I'd be wishing I was wearing something so revealing tomorrow was beyond my comprehension." 

Master laughed. "Ah, yes, the good old days, two weeks ago." 

"I admit, Master, I'm scared of how much I'm going to be showing tomorrow and to who. I'll do it because I don't want my slavery to end yet, but I'm terrified. Being naked in front of strangers in public on the trail yesterday was easier than tomorrow is going to be in our own home." 

"Do you agree, Lisa?" Master asked. 

"Definitely, Master. I get the shakes every time I allow myself to think about it." 

"Good!" Master said. "Slaves should be uncomfortable sometimes. You're not getting the full experience if we only play behind closed doors. Sarah, are you ready to learn how to punish slaves?" 

"Yes, I'd definitely be interested in learning." 

"Let's clean up the kitchen first," Master said, so all four of us quickly set the kitchen to order. 

Going into the living room, Master told Lisa to fetch the Enforcer and the whip. I'd agreed to do this, but I was not looking forward to training a new Mistress, though I was sure Master would ensure I wasn't harmed. Before Sarah sat down, Master had her slap her thighs several times to get a feel for how much pain she could tolerate from her hand before she started smacking me. It looked as if she could tolerate quite a bit of pain. Sarah sat on the couch and I bent over her legs. 

"You really have a lovely ass," Sarah said, caressing it before the spanking began. 

"Thank you, Mistress," I said. I'm ashamed to say my bottom was arching up into her hand, her touch was so light and delicate. 

Master sat down beside us with Lisa in his lap. I could hear Lisa's pretty moans as Master petted and caressed his other slave. 

"Count for your Mistress, slave," Master said. 

"Yes, sir." 

Sarah's hand left my bottom and I knew pain was soon to follow. Smack. It was harder than Master when he first started, and less than he struck me now, but I'd become toughened to my punishments since then. It proved to be a bit of a warm-up though, as she was soon striking me as hard as Master ever usually did. I was soon squirming on her lap, having difficulty holding still. I was also sobbing quietly, her hand stung so. I still felt the warmth spreading from my ass to other parts of my anatomy. I was certain my splayed legs revealed the depth of my arousal to my Mistress. She stopped after twenty swats. 

"You mentioned something about the endorphins released by orgasms allowing a slave to endure more pain," Sarah said. 

"That's correct," Master replied. 

"Hmm," she said. "Interesting." 

Sarah plunged two fingers into my cunt. I almost climaxed immediately. If I'd been less prepared by the nature of her conversation, I would have. 

"Mistress, may I cum, please?" I gasped. 

"You may," she said and I spasmed over her fingers. 

"Your slave cums so easily," Sarah said, continuing her intimate caress of my pussy. 

"Both of them do," Master replied and I heard Lisa cumming as well, her soft moans nearby. "I believe it's a function of their slavery. Julia was rarely this orgasmic before." 

Speaking of orgasms, another was rapidly approaching, quickly trailing the first. "Mistress, may I cum again," I whimpered. 

"Not yet," she said. "I want to see how long you may resist cumming." 

I knew then I wasn't totally forgiven for outing her as a squirter. I was going to pay for her embarrassment. I'd already admitted to cumming without permission three times. If I climaxed again, it would be the fourth and I didn't know if I was capable of withstanding another thirty with the whip or Enforcer. She continued playing with my pussy. A minute went by, then two, and the pressure was horrible. 

"Please, Mistress, let me cum?" I begged. 

"I don't think so," she said. "This is in the nature of an experiment." 

She took one of her fingers out of my cunt and pushed the wet digit into my flaming ass. A third finger went into my sodden pussy. Now both of my nether holes were being stimulated by her fingers. I gasped. I grew closer to an explosion. Another minute went by, then another. The squirming I'd done before as a I was spanked, nothing to the squirming I was doing now. I could feel my fluids running down my legs as she churned my cunt to butter. 

"Mercy, Mistress," I cried out. 

"Not yet," She said. 

It was taking every ounce of strength and focus not to cum. I tried to empty my mind of everything, to enter a zen state I sometimes got in yoga. Sarah shocked me, swatting me again hard with her other hand and I instantly lost my battle and orgasmed, wailing. 

"I'm cumming! Fuck, I'm cumming! Ungh, ungh, ungh, aaauuugggghhh," I howled. 

I didn't squirt, but the volume of fluids running down my legs doubled instantly and still she played with my pussy and ass. It was several minutes before I stopped convulsing wildly on her fingers. 

"I guess we're not all capable of squirting," Sarah said. "I certainly had to check it out though. You sure made a mess of my legs, slave." 

"I'm sorry Mistress," I gasped, aware the cum running down my leg must be running down hers as well. 

"Very impressive," Master said. 

"Shall we continue, slave," Sarah said. 

I really didn't feel the last nine with her hand as painful, though the contact was enough to allow me to keep track. 

"That was astonishingly fun," Sarah said when she'd finished. "My hand kind of stings, but not nearly as much as your ass, I'll wager. It's quite red." 

"We should give her bottom a chance to rest," Master said. 

"Slave," Sarah asked, "which of the two punishment instruments do you like the least?" 

I did not like this question. Knowing I still faced ninety more swats and she might still be upset about my earlier disclosure, I wondered if my answer would result in more with the one I detested most. Still both Master and Lisa were aware of which I hated most, so a lie might result in the truth being revealed. 

"The Enforcer, Mistress." 

"Which one is the Enforcer," Sarah asked. I suppose it was a question raised by lack of knowledge. Either might be called an Enforcer. 

"The paddle, Mistress." 

"Really? Why's that?" 

"The paddle can only really be used on my bottom or perhaps the back of my legs. It's too rigid and hard to be used anyplace else, which means all of the strokes will be concentrated there, and it really stings, Mistress. The whip also stings, but it's flexible enough to be used anywhere but on the face, so it can be spread around, back, legs, bottom, front..." 

"You can be whipped on the front of your body?" 

"Yes, Mistress." 

She turned to Master for confirmation. "Not as hard as on other parts," Master said. "Usually I reserve the hardest strokes for her bottom, less hard for her back, legs, and stomach, and least hard for her breasts and mons." 

She double checked. "You whip her breasts and mons?" 

"Yes," Master said. 

"Then I will do her back with the whip, her bottom with the paddle, and her front with the whip, in that order," Sarah said. 

At least it wasn't sixty with the enforcer. It sounded reasonable to me. 

"Let me show you the bondage and discipline furniture," Master said. "It was made for specifically this purpose." 

Master led me to the St. Andrews cross and fastened my wrist cuffs to the top and my ankle cuffs to the bottom. 

"I want you to take this whip, and before you lash my slave. I want you to strike yourself. Hit your thighs, your calves, your arms, even your stomach if you can do so. You'll be starting on her buttocks, which are already red from her spanking. If they weren't, they can probably take the strongest stroke on her body, more even than you can tolerate on your arms and legs. Assume for the moment that all they can take for now is the same, especially since you'll be using the Enforcer on her bottom later. Her back and legs can tolerate the same as her reddened ass, but don't hit all in one place. It will leave stripes on her. Keep an eye on the stripes and make sure they're spread evenly on her back and legs. Thirty only, have the slave keep track. We'll talk about her front when it's time to do it." 

"Okay." 

I heard Sarah striking various parts of her body, getting a feel for the whip in her hand. When I didn't hear it striking her anymore, I knew I was next. I tensed, which wasn't a good thing to do, as it was usually best to go into punishment as relaxed as possible. Her first blow fell on my tender butt. "One," I said. The next was just above the cheeks to the small of my back. "Two," I said. The third fell under my buns to the back of my thighs, just missing the crease. "Three." I had to admit, Sarah was being fairly careful for her first time. Master usually struck me harder. The remainder of the thirty were widely distributed from my shoulders to the base of my calves. The worst ones were to the back of the knees. 

After fifteen or so, Sarah paused and looked at Master. "Not bad," he said, at which point he sat down and started playing with Lisa again. Before Sarah was finished with all thirty, Lisa was climaxing again. I wished it was me, even though I'd had a mother of an orgasm. Maybe Sarah would give me another with the handle of the Enforcer when she was using it. 

Sarah finished with the whip and admired her handiwork, stroking my back and bottom, tracing some of the red lines left by the whip. 

"Where do you usually use the Enforcer?" Sarah asked. 

"I usually use the stocks, or even my lap," Master said. "Since she's been punished already and I'm sure she's going to suffer more anguish than usual. I think we'll go with the bench here." 

He got up and released me from the cross and placed me on the bench. With my buttocks just over the edge, he fastened down my neck and arms and secured my feet up in the air in a V. My cunt was outrageously exposed in this position, but it did bare my buttocks and my legs and make them very vulnerable to the Enforcer. Sarah ran her fingers up my slit making me shiver. 

"Strike yourself with the paddle," Master said. "It really stings to be struck by it and it doesn't require much force to do it. My slave will really feel it without much effort on your part. Part of the reason I put her in this position is it really limits you to her bottom and backs of her thighs. You'll notice the handle of the Enforcer is shaped like a phallus. At some point during her punishment, you might want to use it on her to give her another orgasm to prepare her for the balance of her spanking." 

Please let me have another orgasm, I thought. This will be so bad otherwise. I couldn't see Sarah try it on herself, but I heard it pop. 

"Ouch! I see what you mean about this thing," Sarah said. "That stings like a bitch." 

Keep that in mind when you strike me, Mistress, I prayed silently. I heard two more pops, slightly less loud than the first. Sarah moved closer to me and I could see her standing by my bottom. Master was standing beside her and Lisa was sucking his cock. I tried to zone out. Smack! Right across the bottom of my bum. I flinched and started to cry, but I said, "One." The paddle started to warm me up as her hand had, spreading from my aching bottom to my cunt, even my breasts, my nipples hard and tender. I was sobbing openly now, not even silent. I hated the Enforcer and my buttocks felt like raw hamburger. Somehow, I managed to keep a count, but wasn't keeping track of the number, concentrating instead on the throbbing of my ass cheeks. The pain stopped. The spanking stopped. 

"Is it over, Mistress," I asked, coming out of the silence in my mind. 

The handle of the Enforcer was shoved into my cunt and I screamed, "Let me cum, let me cum, let me cum." 

"You can cum slave," Sarah whispered and I trembled like a leaf as she fucked me with the handle, one contraction after the other sweeping over my body. I don't know how long it went on, but eventually, I settled, panting hard. 

"Do you recall where I was?" Sarah asked. 

Where was she, shit, where was she, I wondered. I'd been so distant while it was happening, drifting off as she paddled me, practically a trance. I ran over it in my mind. "Twenty-one," I replied. 

"Are you guessing or do you know?" Sarah asked. I glanced at Master. He'd cum and Lisa was cleaning off his cock. He gave the tiniest of nods. 

"Yes, it was twenty-one," I said, praying I'd interpreted him correctly. 

"Very good," Sarah said. "Keep track of the rest." 

Only nine more, I thought. I can do nine standing on my head. She finished the balance and I'd gotten through it. 

"We'll take a brief break now before we put her back on the cross," Master said, "since her backside will be against the cross and should have a brief rest." 

Master released me and told me to have some ice water or juice to drink. I scurried into the kitchen. What I needed was an ice pack on my bum. At least the rest of my punishment would be on the front and not the back. Master sent Lisa after me to ensure I was okay. 

"I'm getting through it," I said. "I'm just glad she chose the whip for sixty and not the Enforcer. Did you have a good time with Master last night?" 

"I did," Lisa said, "although Master was a little distracted. I think he worried you would not be able to cum enough." 

"Sarah, did fine," I said. "She even decided she wouldn't die or go to hell if she licked some cunt. I had a lot of very nice orgasms, which both surprised and delighted me. I don't think Sarah is slave material. I believe she would be a very demanding Mistress if turned loose on someone. Hopefully, a man. She's sure she prefers a cock as much as we do." 

Master got a phone call and we saw him take it. He got a very surprised look on his face and carried on a brief conversation with whoever. Even Sarah got a shocked look on her face and it seemed odd she would be surprised by one half of a conversation to people she didn't even know. Unable to contain my curiosity, we went back into the living room. 

"Who was that, Master?" I asked. 

"That was Gwen," Master said. "She's bringing another slave tomorrow." 

"Who's she bringing?" I asked. 

"Reneé," Master said. "Apparently, over the past few days, Gwen has spoken to her about what's happened here and she wanted to sign up as a red silk slave on Monday." 

"You fucking deviants have your own fucking language," Sarah said. "What the hell are you talking about?" 

I explained, "A white silk slave is one who may only use her hands or mouth to pleasure someone, not her cunt or ass. A red silk slave may be used in any way." 

"You got someone else to sign on to this crazy roller coaster ride?" Sarah asked. 

"Apparently," Master replied. "That wasn't the truly shocking part, however. Gwen is bringing her husband." 

"Her husband, Master? We fucked his wife. He's not coming over to shoot us all is he?" I asked. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"I asked Gwen the same thing, she says not. She said she deliberately told him what was going on to see if she could jolt him into counseling or at least loosen his restrictions on sex toys. He said he wanted to observe his wife being sold and fucked." 

"That is some weird, fucked up shit," Sarah said. "Why?" 

"I don't know," Master replied. "You can ask him yourself when you see him on Monday." 

"If he doesn't mow us all down with a machine gun, you mean," Sarah said. 

"Do you think it's a good idea, Master?" I asked. 

"Gwen said he would be okay and not cause any trouble; doesn't even own a gun. She's not even sure if he knows how to use one." 

"It's pretty easy, Master," Lisa said. "Point and pull a trigger. Why would he want to come here and see that?" 

"I don't know," Master replied. "Why are Julia's parents in an open marriage? Why are Lisa's swingers? Why would I offer my wife a three week excursion into sex slavery? Why would Julia invite Lisa to join us in said extravaganza? I know why I did it, and why Julia originally accepted, but it is weird shit, as Sarah just said. Maybe he thinks it will help him with his erection issues, maybe he wants to see how much his wife needs this? I don't have a fucking clue, really." 

"But Gwen thinks it's safe for him to come?" I asked. 

"Yeah. She says she won't bring him here if he's not on his best behavior. She'll just send Reneé in her place. He doesn't know where we live." 

"She is pretty level headed," Lisa said. 

"For someone who is offering her ass, cunt, and mouth to be sold to total fucking strangers you mean? That kind of level headed?" Sarah pointed out. 

"She's a department head at a major department store," Master said. "She's not a complete bimbo. Remember, Sarah, you're buying into this same shit too, at least one end of it. You intend to whip my wife's tits and cunt. Are you suddenly insane or were you always this way?" 

Sarah sat down on the couch suddenly, like her legs gave out. "Jesus. You're right. I've either always been like this or I've suddenly short circuited some wires. I'm sitting naked in a house with two naked sex slaves, their naked Master, none of whom I knew before yesterday. I've had my cunt licked by two women, licked one of my own...Don't give me that look, Mr. Rivers. I'm sure you guessed I guzzled your slave's cum. I've spanked her, paddled her and planned on whipping her fucking tits! What the fuck's wrong with me?" 

I sat down beside her and put my arm around her. "Mistress, might I just say I don't believe there's anything wrong with you, any more than there's anything wrong with me." I kissed her softly on the lips. "I think society as a whole does a great job of forcing us all into these little square pigeonholes. The trouble is; some of us are round, some triangular. We don't all fit in square holes. You don't think it's wrong for lesbians or gays to marry do you?" 

"No, not really. I suppose I'm enlightened enough to believe you are what Mother Nature made you and you should be able to live your life to the fullest." 

"People like me, Mistress, for whatever reason, find desire and fulfillment in their slavery. Was I born this way? Was there some quirk in the way I was raised? I don't know; but when I read books about this life, I felt drawn to it. Master recognized this in me and he offered me a chance to experience it and I discovered I like this life. No! Not just like, I love my life at this moment. I've found myself. For whatever reason, I was made for this. As long as I'm happy and don't hurt anyone or try to change the way they think and believe and feel, why can't I live my life as I choose. I'm not upset I had to lick your cunt. I'm not upset you want to whip my tits. It's part of my slavery. Accept you have some dominant in you that wants to come out. As long as you find someone like me to live your life with, you're not hurting anyone. Find the hole you fit in, don't try to fit in someone else's. I earned my punishment. Don't deny it to me because you think it's wrong." 

"So, you don't care if I want to whip your breasts?" Sarah asked. 

"Not really, Mistress. Will it hurt? I assume so. It's hurt when it's been done in the past. Do you intend to strike me so hard, I'll bleed, or you'll scar me? To have me on the ground begging for mercy?" 

"No," Sarah admitted. "It's mostly curiosity about what it would be like." 

"Nor would my Master allow it even if you wished to do it. I trust him, though I trust you also. You told me last night what you wanted to do, that you wanted to see me punished. Did I run screaming from your room? Disobedient slaves are punished. I climaxed without permission. I know the punishment. I am a needy sex slave. I cum often and I cum easily. I believe my slavery is part of why I'm so aroused all the time, Mistress. The tension, the anticipation, the not knowing what the day will bring. Will Master tell me to fuck the delivery man or not? Will I be given to a female guest or not?" I kissed her again and stroked her pussy and she parted her legs for me and moaned. "When I'm sold on Monday, who will buy me and what will they do to me? Will I cum and will I have permission to do so? Will I earn punishment today? All those things are unknown to me. The one thing I know for sure is I will have some of the most glorious orgasms of my life and it will all be worth it. I want you to whip me and then order me to eat you out, to lick your cunt, because I'm a sex slave and it's what I crave. To serve you or my Master, or whoever owns me for the night or the hour or the next ten minutes. It's my purpose, and how many people have found their purpose in life?" 

"My dear little slave," Master said, "that's a very impassioned speech for your slavery." 

"And described beautifully how I feel," Lisa said. "It's exactly what I've felt the past nine days." 

"Thank you, Master. I've thought about it a lot. And Mistress, I understand the curiosity of wanting to know what it would be like. This whole thing started because I had curiosity about what it would be like to be a slave, to serve hard Masters, to be used in any way they desired, to be punished if I weren't the perfect slut. I was curious about my end of the spectrum. You're curious about the other end. You can't have a slave like me without a Master or a Mistress. My life doesn't exist without yours. If you want to experience my end of the lash, I'm sure Master would be happy to show you. Even Lisa was trained to punish me. But I don't begrudge your desire to experience your end of the lash either, so whip away." I kissed her again. "Master, hang me on the cross." 

I stood up and moved to him, crossing my arms before me, offering for him to take me, to bind me, a slave offered to her Master. He kissed me and caressed me and holding my crossed wrists led me to the cross. He fastened first one wrist then the other. He knelt down and secured my ankles, my legs spread apart, my cunt wet and puffy with need. He pushed two fingers into me, making me gasp, then stealing my air when he kissed me. He walked over to Sarah and handed her the whip. 

"Remember, you'll be striking some of the most tender parts of her body," Master said. "I love her greatly and don't want harm to come to her. You may strike her legs and belly as you did her back and legs before, but about half that hard on her breast and mons. Move the whip around. Do you understand?" 

"I do, sir," Sarah answered. 

"She's all yours." 

"You're a strange woman, Julia Rivers," Sarah said, drawing near. 

"I'm a slave, Mistress, and older and wiser than you," I replied. 

"I'm going to touch you slave. If you need to cum, cum," Sarah whispered to me. 

"Thank you, Mistress," I whispered back, then she kissed me and shoved three fingers in my needy cunt and I climaxed, pulsing hard around her fingers and moaning like the pathetic little slave I was. 

For a minute or more, I shivered on her fingers, inundating them with my cum. When I was finished, she pulled them out and fed them to me, allowing me to taste myself, cleaning her slimy fingers. Then she stepped back, and swung the whip and stripes appeared on my belly. I whimpered out a "one." Another swing, more stripes, above the others. "Two." Then three, and four and more. I started crying, not hysterical sobbing, but silent tears, recognizing the delicious pain, the stripes marking my breasts, my mons, my legs. My body flinching with each strike, but never losing count and finally it was over. 

Then Sarah was kissing me, kissing away my tears, stroking my face. 

"You're so brave, my fine slave. I don't think I could be so brave as you." 

"Thank you, Mistress, for whipping me. For recognizing me for what I am." 

Sarah smiled, then dropped to her knees and licked me, my liquid center, in front of Master and Lisa, her hands squeezing my striped breasts and I cried out, "Please let me cum, Mistress." 

Her tongue left me long enough to throatily say, "Cum for me, slave. Cum on my tongue." Then diving back into my volcanic core and I orgasmed for her, coating her face with my cum, my chains rattling as I trembled through a powerful climax. 

My orgasm over, I lay panting, still shaking, hanging slack on the cross. Mistress released me, first my ankles, letting me stand weakly, then my wrists, then led me to the couch. She sat down, spread her legs and said, "Eat me, slave." Her cunt was wet like mine, aroused. I could smell her arousal, so strong, so potent. I licked up her slit, making her moan. 

"Scott" she said, "if you don't come over here and fuck this delicious little slave like the pitiful, beautiful, needful little slave she is, you're not half the man I think you are." 

Apparently, Master was all the man she thought he was. I felt him behind me, spreading my legs and spearing into my sodden pussy, owning his slave. I reached behind me and patted his leg twice and he told me to cum and I clasped his cock in my velvet embrace and climaxed again, pathetic slutty little slave that I was. Master had just cum in Lisa's mouth, so he was able to fuck me into four wonderful orgasms before he finally filled my cunt with his seed. Not once during my many climaxes did I lose focus on the cunt in front of me. Sarah climaxed three times, soaking my face. 

Master pulled out of me and I could feel our cum running down my leg. Mistress Sarah pulled my face up to hers and licked her cum off me, then kissed me again, letting me taste her some more. 

"I don't think I would want to exchange this weekend for anything," she whispered, while looking into my eyes. 

"Thank you, Mistress," I said, laying my head down on her leg, smelling her. 

****** 

SCOTT 

As surprised as I was when Gwen said she was bringing her husband to our bash, I was even more surprised at the declaration Julia made to Sarah. How much she loved her slavery and knowing in her heart of hearts, she was a slave and had found herself in her slavery. This did not sound like a woman who intended her slavery to end in less than a week. She sounded like she'd found her true calling. How did I feel about that? It had been hard for me to contemplate giving her this experience for three weeks, knowing I would share her with others during that time. How would I feel if it continued past three weeks? As aroused as I might become watching her used by others, there was still the bit of darkness in my soul as she cried out in ecstasy in someone else's arms. 

Almost as surprising was Sarah's declaration she'd reciprocated Julia's pleasuring and watching her lap at her folds after whipping her. She struck me as much heterosexual as I was, and I could never picture myself sharing pleasure with another man. I didn't care if gay men existed in the world; it meant more women for the rest of us, but it wasn't an experience I ever pictured for myself. On the other hand, I realized my beautiful slave was a delight to behold, tasted delicious on the tongue, and brought out the dominant in anyone who had a drop of it in them. It appeared obvious to me Sarah had more than a drop. It was not something I'd recognized in her when I met her, but immediately apparent at the springs yesterday when she'd ordered my two slaves to pleasure her. 

It was part of the reason I'd invited her, to give my two slaves another Domme to play with. We were all hungry again. It was nearly one. Lisa made sandwiches for all while Julia did a load of laundry, putting the clothes from last nights wash into the dryer. 

"Your clothes should be dry in about an hour, Mistress," Julia said upon returning. 

"It looks as if I won't need clothes much while I'm here," Sarah said. 

"No," Julia agreed. "Only linens and some of Master's things have really filled up the laundry basket for the last two weeks." 

When we ate, I fed my slave, whom I hadn't spent much time with the last eighteen hours. As I fed her, I also played with her, giving her another orgasm, whimpering and shaking in my lap. After lunch, we went back to the pool. Julia and I swam laps while Lisa and Sarah sat in the hot tub, pleasuring one another. I was happy to see Sarah had lost some of the boundaries which prevented her from pleasuring my slaves. Around two-thirty, I got a call and I swam to the edge of the pool to take it. Regina King, why was she calling? 

"Hello, Regina, what's up?" 

"I'd like to ask a very special favor, Scott." 

"What is it?" 

"You remember Ron agreed to undergo training with Mistress Dark this weekend?" 

"Yes, so he could use my slave's mouth." 

"Exactly. Mistress Dark said she's discovered some things about my husband and would like to keep him another night to further train him. She asked if she could keep him until noon and bring him back then. I will be at your place by eleven. Would you have any objection to her bringing him round your place at noon?" 

"No objection; did she say what she learned about him?" 

"She did not, only that it wouldn't negate his ability to fully please me." 

That could mean anything, I thought, or nothing. My slave owed Rose two hours of pleasure for convincing her to fuck me. If Mistress Dark was coming over anyway, I might as well invite her and her slaves to join us. The more the merrier. 

"I'll tell Mistress Dark to bring him here and invite her to join us," I said. "You can't have too many slaves around to entertain guests. I should tell you that Gwen is bringing another red silk slave she works with, and her husband." 

"Her husband? Did I know she was married?" 

"I don't think so," I said. "It wasn't discussed at the poker game. I don't know what Lisa and Julia were telling you during their negotiations." 

"I remember they said she was a sales clerk, Julia seduced. That boggled my mind enough I may not have heard any more." 

"Also, there's another female staying her for a couple days; someone we met on the Pacific Coast Trail yesterday." 

"Another slave?" 

"She's proven to be more dominant than submissive," I replied. 

"Does she play poker?" Regina asked. 

"She's on a tight budget for now. I don't think she has the money for a buy in, but I'll ask her." 

"Interesting. Thanks a bunch, Scott. I'll see you tomorrow." 

"We'll see you tomorrow." 

I called Mistress Dark right away. It didn't sound if she had other plans, if she was planning to deliver Ron at noon, but she might make some if she didn't have any. 

Rose answered the phone again. 

"May I please speak to your Mistress, Rose?" 

"Of course, Master Rivers. I'll bring the phone to her. She's currently training someone." 

"It's the reason for my call, actually." 

"Wait one moment, sir. I'm putting you on hold." 

I waited a couple minutes and Mistress Dark took me off hold. 

"Hello, Scott. How are you and your slaves doing?" 

"Just peachy," I replied. "You may have the opportunity to witness their progress yourself if you're not busy tomorrow." 

"I'm training a young man at the moment and need to drop him off tomorrow at noon, but I'd be available after that." 

"That's the reason for my call," I said. "His wife just called me. She's one of our friends and will be attending a Memorial Day barbecue at my place tomorrow. You may bring her husband here at eleven, and since you'll be here anyway, why don't you and your slaves join us for a day of food, booze, fun and games." 

"Are you talking about my kind of fun and games?" 

"In all probability. In addition to Julia and Lisa, I'll have two other red silk slaves here and I have some sexy games planned for after we eat around one. All three sets of parents will be here along with others of my poker friends besides Ron and Regina." 

"All your parents will be there? How kinky are you, Scott?" 

I laughed. "Not that kinky, which is why it's helpful to have additional slaves here. Also, it's my understanding that Julia owes Rose two hours of pleasure in return for Rose's agreement to fuck me at the club." 

"Rose will love to hear she'll get to enjoy Julia's company. I would love to come. We'll be there." 

"Might I ask why you needed to keep Ron past this evening? Regina mentioned you discovered something about him." 

"Yes. In addition to being a natural submissive, which was in conflict with his manly self-image, he's a bit of a closet queen." 

"Ron is gay?" I asked, incredulous. 

"Well, let's say bisexual with a masculine bent. He's able to enjoy sex with women, but he's got a male preference. He loves to suck cock and get fucked in the ass. He's a bit of a boy toy." 

"Christ! Regina said she was told he would be able to fully please her." 

"Oh, he will. Particularly if treated as the submissive slave he is. He'll perform any type of sex Regina wants if she takes control of him. He's become as good at cunt licking as your slaves were, perhaps better since I've had him for longer, but he may be an even better cock sucker. He'll probably serve as a male slave tomorrow in the event anyone wants to try him out. I've pretty much trained him to get erect on command. I don't let him cum often so he can maintain his erection. He should be able to service both men and women tomorrow." 

"I wonder if his sexual preferences have anything to do with the problems Regina and he were having in their marriage. It seemed pretty rocky last Thursday." 

"It wouldn't surprise me, but I suspect it also had more to do with his self-image being out of sync with his natural inclinations. He felt he needed to be the man of the house when he needed to be Regina's bitch. Of course, Regina might not want a boy bitch, which would be a problem." 

"I can't believe this." 

"You'll believe it if you let him suck your cock tomorrow. The other male slaves spoke highly of his cock sucking skills." 

"I'll pass on that, Mistress Dark. Not my thing, really." 

"Okay. He's hoping though. Likes your cock apparently." 

"Oooh. Did not need to know that. Kind of creeps me out," I said. 

"He's the same lovable goofball he always was. You just have to tell him what to do and he'll respond a whole lot better." 

"You should probably say something to Regina before you drop him off here. Might be a bit of a shock." 

"I'm scheduled to call her at nine. I'll break the news to her then." 

"Right. Good talking to you then," I said. 

"Ta-ta. See you tomorrow," Mistress Dark signed off. 

"Julia, Lisa, I need you to do something for me," I called out. 

Julia swam to the edge of the pool and Lisa got out of the spa and joined me. Sarah got out as well so she could hear what was going on. 

"I'm going to need my slaves to get more food. What the others bought is not going to be enough. In addition to Gwen bringing Reneé and her husband, which we probably could have handled, Mistress Dark is coming with Rose and Slut." 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"With who?" Sarah asked. 

"Her two slaves, Rose and Slut," I said. 

"She's got a slave named Slut?" Sarah asked. 

"It's not her real name, obviously," I said. "Her Mistress gives her the name when she misbehaves, which is apparently quite often, because we've never heard any other name. Slut likes to be punished. I believe she misbehaves on purpose so her Mistress will punish her. That is not the oddest news, however. Mistress Dark has discovered Ron is both a submissive and a male leaning bisexual. He likes cock. Mistress Dark is guessing these important bits of information might be what's making his and Regina's marriage on the rocky side. So, we need additional food for five people, meat, sides, chips, beverages, and pick up more desserts. We should have enough extra booze around the house. I want Julia and Lisa to go out and purchase the stuff in their outfits of the day. Obviously, we now have six slaves, maybe seven, if you count Ron, who's being turned out tomorrow. And Julia, Rose will be expecting you to make good on your agreement. I believe it was two hours, wasn't it?" 

"Yes, Master, it was." 

"I'm not sure if you'll have time for a straight two hours. It might have to be broken up or perhaps I'll send you there again when I'm working next week. I intend on you being a very busy slave tomorrow." 

"Yes, sir." 

"Do you need me to do anything, Scott?" Sarah asked. 

"I'd like to bounce some more ideas off you if I may." 

"Of course." 

"Get going slaves. Pick up something at the deli for supper tonight. Let me see what you look like before you leave. I want to know what delicious creatures I'm setting loose on the world." 

"Yes, Master," Julia replied. 

They went to put on their clothes. In ten minutes they came back. Julia was wearing a backless dress so low in the back it showed the top two inches of her ass crack and the front was deeply cut at the cleavage and narrow at the sides and very thin material. Her naturally hard nipples would poke out, and her breasts would swing loosely in the front, with both front and back clearly showing there was no underwear to be found. Lisa was wearing thigh high red stockings with a black mini dress which came about four inches below her crotch and a red translucent top which showed the shape and outline of her breasts and her areolae and nipples were dark enough to show through. I was certain there would be some wives whose eyes would be shooting daggers at the two whores in the store. 

"You both look captivating, like perfect sex slaves," I said. "I couldn't be prouder of how you look." 

They both did a small curtsy. I laughed. 

"It's almost criminal you sending them out like that," Sarah said. "Half the male population will be walking around with boners." 

They left and I was alone with Sarah. 

"Before you say anything," Sarah said, "I don't think you can go ahead with your plan to make your slaves think they're having sex with their parents." 

"Why do you say that?" I asked. 

"I was talking to Julia last night..." She noticed the look I was giving her and said, "Yes, we fucking talked. Even women have to rest sometime." I smiled at her. "You shit. Anyway, as I was saying. Getting them to think they might be fucking their parents might result in mind blowing orgasms, but there's also a chance it will emotionally fuck them both up, put an immediate end to the fun and games, and eventually end your splendid marriage. My personal opinion and I could be wrong, but the risk doesn't match the reward, even if I am wrong. If you remember their conversation this morning of how emotionally distraught they'll be as nude slaves in front of their parents, that should be a hint as to how devastating it would be to think they're having sex with them. On the other hand, being that emotionally charged just being nude means they'll be even more so if they're fucked in front of them. So if you, or one of your twisted, kinky friends were to slip the sausage to them while the parents are looking on, the orgasms should be just as powerful without the mental land mines." 

I thought about what she said. It made a lot of sense. The risk/reward ratio did seem to be out of proportion to what I hoped to accomplish, and making them have sex with others in front of their parents might do much the same thing without the risk. 

"I believe you're right," I said. "I hadn't looked at it quite that way." 

"So what did you want to bounce off me?" 

"Adding a lot of other slaves to the mix may be confusing the logistics. My original intent was to auction the slaves off to a pair. With three slaves and seven people, I was thinking two people could pool their money and buy a single slave to have for an hour or two. It would have created the opportunity for my slaves to serve multiple Masters. Even the poorest poker player might participate by pooling with the best. I was thinking I could sit it out. But even if Mistress Dark and her two slaves don't stay for the poker, losing Ron as a player and possibly gaining him as a slave changes the odds dramatically, although I don't know if anyone but Regina would bid on Ron as a slave. Now we're down to six players and four slaves, five including Ron. Can you afford a $150 buy in?" 

"No, and I don't play poker anyway. I'm more a bridge kind of card player, not a gambler." 

"So, regardless, two of the slaves won't have to serve two Masters, which might be disappointing to them. It seems to be one of the attractions of being a sex slave." 

"You mentioned playing some other game before the poker started. What did you have in mind?" 

"I have some sex dice. Each of the slaves would be a slave station. Every one there would go to each of the slave stations and the slave and player would roll their dice and the dice would determine what the slave and player would do to each other, and for how long. Both the slave and player would each have to do what their dice said. You would go to each slave station three times, rolling a different set of dice each time. One dice is an action to be taken, one a body part for the action to be taken upon, the third die is regular and would time the action from one to six minutes. The first set of dice is relatively innocuous, involving things like kissing, rubbing and massaging. The second set of dice is sexier and the third involves penetration the possibility or anal or vaginal penetration." 

"You don't need money to play, do you?" 

"No, not for the dice." 

"I'd like to play that game for sure. Sounds like something everyone could do, even the parents, as long as they don't play at their children's slave station." 

"You're right. I thought we would be waiting for the non-players to go, but there's no reason we can't involve everyone who wants to play in that game. There would now be seven slaves, including one male which the women might like if they don't like girls. What about you? Would you go to every slave station?" 

Sarah laughed. "I'm in this deep. I might as well play it out to the end." 

"I like it. Every slave would get used multiple times by multiple people." 

"I have a possible resolution to the other problem you mentioned," Sarah said. "The poker game issue. If you don't think anyone but Regina would bid on Ron, don't sell him after the poker game. I can make use of him if Regina has no objection. I could use an influx of cock to remind me I'm still hetero. You said the bidders would purchase the slave for one or two hours. Sell two of the slaves for single use for the first hour, and two for multiple use. The second hour, sell the two slaves sold for single use to multiple users, and the first two sold for multiple for single use. Over the course of two hours, the slaves will be sold to a single user and a double user and serve up to three different people." 

"That's brilliant. I'll tell the players to double their buy in, because they will need to bid twice." 

"During the early part of the day when everyone is eating, you might want to do something similar to what you originally planned. Bind two of the many slaves on your bondage contraption for thirty minutes apiece for their use by anyone, any hole, excepting any parents. The slaves will all end up well used during the day. I doubt any of them would have a complaint by the end of the evening." 

I kissed her. "Sarah, you're amazing. You've got a Mistress mentality. You might want to consider finding your own slave to play with when this is over." 

"I've been thinking about it," she said. "It might be kind of fun. Can you show me the dice you intend to use for the dice game. I'd like to see what's involved." 

"No problem," I replied. "I'll get them now. I'd like it to be a surprise for the slaves." 

I went into the house and brought them out, and showed them to Sarah. 

"These are the slaves dice, and these are the players dice," I said. "There's a mild set to get things started; a wilder set, to heat things up; and a finishing set to top things off. The mid-level set is the same for both, but the mild and finishing sets are different for both slave and player." 

"What's in the slave set?" Sarah asked. 

"Die one is to lick, kiss, suck, massage, rub or touch and die two is the body part; lips, chest, genitals, back, thighs or neck. The mid level set is to lick or kiss, tease, suck on, rub or stroke, use toy or your choice of any of the above; the neck, chest, vagina or cock, anus, thighs or a choice of any of the above. It's the throwers choice, since they're both using the same set of dice. The real naughty set for slaves is to fuck, stroke or tease, kiss, suck or finger, massage or givers choice of the above; the lips or neck, chest and stomach, penis or vagina, back, thighs or ass, or any of the above receivers choice." 

"How do you fuck a chest or stomach or back for that matter?" Sarah asked. 

"If it's a woman slave, a titty fuck for chest/stomach. If it was a guy, just rub against his stomach. I suppose it's the same with the back; rub it with your cock or cunt if it ends up being the back. Obviously, it's not the choice you hope the dice comes up with. I think the back is mostly there for stroking/teasing, and massage, although I guess kissing isn't out of the question. Sucking back doesn't make much sense either." 

"What if the back included the ass, and the thigh remain just thighs. I mean you can fuck thighs or females can rub themselves against a thigh. I let a boy fuck my thighs once when he didn't have a condom." 

"I like your thinking," I said, making a note. "For the non-slave dice, which is what you'd be since you're not a slave, the mild dice have you licking, kissing, sucking, nibbling, squeezing, touching; the ears, lips, penis or vagina, nipples, ass or boobs, or thighs. The only difference is it specifically includes the ass or boobs and drops the back and says nipples instead of chest. So two ways to play with the boobs area and one to play with an ass. The finale dice say you may kiss, touch or fondle, lick or suck, bite or slap or spank, finger or stroke, and rub your pussy or cock on; face or neck, lips, chest or nipples, ass, pussy or cock or wild card, which is any of the above. I thought it was good to include biting, slapping, or spanking when dealing with a slave, whereas the non-slave may not want slapping or spanking. Slaves would be used to it. I expect the players to do their bit with the slave first, then the slaves to do their things to the non-slaves. That way, it could end with a fucking." 

"That does sound like a lot of fun," Sarah said. "Lots of foreplay leading to a big finale." 

"You can skip any slave station you wanted to for any reason, such as familial relationship or gender identity, but once you throw the dice at a station, you're committed. The slave is committed regardless. Or let's say you were willing to play the first couple rounds, but didn't want to commit to intercourse, you could play the first couple rounds and then opt out." 

"Even if you opt out of intercourse, you can still end of sucking cock or licking cunt." 

"Still some people make the distinction. The distinction may not fit any legal description, but it does make a difference emotionally to some people, me included. Remember when Clinton said, 'I did not have sex with that woman,' talking about Monica Lewinsky even though she'd sucked his cock. I felt more comfortable with Julia sucking cock or licking cunt than I did if she was fucked in the cunt or ass. It was easier letting her be white silk than red. I realized it's still intimate relations, but less emotionally devastating to me." 

"Since you mentioned sex toys, do you have any besides the Slave Trainers?" 

"I only have a vibrating anal plug," I said. 

"I have a vaginal vibrator I can donate to the cause, but I think you should have several, some specialized for the anus and not too big if they've never done anal, and some for the cunt, maybe a penis sleeve for males and nipple vibrators." 

"I'll call Mistress Dark," I said. "She has a wide selection she sells and she can bring some with her when she comes." 

"So anything else you wanted to chat about?" 

"No, actually that covered all the problems I was seeing. Let me put the dice away for now, then I'll text the players about the increased buy in, and Mistress Dark again about more toys." 

Which is exactly what I did. I put the dice away, then texted the players to double their buy in because they'd now have four red silk slaves to bid on, for an hour of use each time and at least once as a partner with someone else. I got a lot of excited responses to that piece of news. Jerry asked who the new girl was and I told him it was another employee at Gwen's store. I wondered if he thought she might be the sex slave he was thinking of attaching to himself. 

I also called Rose again and said I'd be texting a list to Mistress Dark of items I needed her to bring. I wanted six vibrators which could be used on vaginas and clits, three anal vibrators of a size to be used on anal virgins, one penis sleeve and a couple of nipple vibrators. She said she'd give Mistress Dark the message and thanked me for inviting them and sharing my slave with her. I told her my slave would pay her debts for Rose's generous agreement to be used by me. 

"As Mistress said, Master; I could not refuse you once the timers went off. Once you learned of it, I thought my agreement null and void." 

"It was a good faith agreement on your part. I do not resent your use of my slave in the slightest although you might not get all two hours tomorrow. It's going to be a busy day." 

"Thank you, Master." 

"I'll see you tomorrow." 

"I would not be unhappy to serve you once again, Master." 

"Thank you. You'll be happy to know there will be other women here for you to pleasure as well, not just men." 

"You're most kind to think of me, sir." 

I went back to the hot tub with Sarah and we conversed on a variety of subjects for the next half hour. My slaves returned and after they undressed and put away food, we sat down to dinner. The girls had purchased a beef bourguignon and noodles and we had salad to go with it. This time I had Julia on my lap and Sarah fed Lisa. I hadn't spent much time with my wife the last day, so I was enjoying her sitting on my lap and feeding her. We frequently kissed and I played with her lovely body parts often, giving her two orgasms during supper. 

I finally thought to ask about their shopping experience. Julia looked at Lisa and they burst out laughing. 

"What's so funny?" I asked. 

"Apparently we were mistaken for ladies of the night, Master," Julia said. 

"We were propositioned three times while we were there, sir," Lisa said. "Twice singly and once together. An older gentleman offered two thousand dollars if we would both go home with him." 

"We told them all we weren't prostitutes, but merely liked dressing provocatively," Julia said. "One of the young guys didn't believe it, so he offered more money; five hundred for one of us. I had to tell him my husband would be very disappointed in me if I accepted his offer. He thought I lied until I showed him my wedding ring." 

"He asked why her husband would let her dress like a slut" Lisa said, "and Julia said it was better than wearing nothing which was her only other alternative as her husband liked her in minimal clothes so he could fuck her at any time without any effort, such as removing undergarments or panty hose. He finally left us alone, but he seemed quite frustrated." 

I laughed, but reminded them if others were too persistent, not to take chances and call me or at least get someone else to walk them to the car. Some guys didn't like being told no and would take matters in their own hands if they thought they could get away with it. 

"Yes, Master. Of course. We should have thought of it. Fortunately, one of the baggers did go with us to the car, I think because he didn't want to stop looking." 

"It is a risk of looking sexy," Sarah said, "although even older, less attractive women get raped. Rape is a power game, not a sex game." 

We finished up supper, cleaned up and I told Sarah she had her choice of slaves once again. 

"I'll let you have your delightful wife, Scott while I take the other one for the night. It will be as interesting to see if she delights me as much as your wife did." 

"We may not have a lot of time tomorrow for punishments. Keep that in mind when you decide whether or not you'll let your slave cum when she needs to." 

"When do you anticipate being able to drop me off back at the trail?" Sarah asked. 

"I have to work on Tuesday, so Julia and Lisa will have to drop you off. It can be anytime all of you get up and are ready to go." 

"In that case. I'll reserve the right to punish her for any infractions committed tonight, on Tuesday before we leave." 

I smiled at her. "Keep in mind they may be well used tomorrow and various parts of their bodies may have more difficulty tolerating pain on Tuesday." 

"An interesting experiment in itself," Sarah said. Lisa looked worried. "But I'll make sure her body is flooded with endorphins before we punish her." Lisa looked relieved. Endorphins meant she would be cumming frequently. 

"A glass of wine while we watch a little TV or we talk while our slaves satisfy us?" I asked. 

"That would be lovely," Sarah said. "Do you by any chance have HBO Now? I was watching 'Game of Thrones' when I started my trek, but only saw the first episode before hiking. I'd like to catch up." 

"Of course," I replied. "Julia, why don't you get things ready while I pour us some wine." Julia left for the living room to turn on the TV. "What would you like to drink? I've got Cabernet, Sauvignon, Pinot Noir, Pinot Grigio, and Shiraz." 

"Something light, with sweet notes." 

"The Pinot Grigio then." I got the bottle and opened it, allowing it to breathe while I got the glasses. 

"Thank you, Scott. In case we don't have much time tomorrow or before you go to work on Wednesday, I also wish to thank you for your hospitality, inviting me into your home and extending me the use of your slaves. It's been an entirely unexpected break in my trip and one which has been very surprising. It has taught me a lot about myself I did not know before. You've been very generous in your cordiality. I could not have imagined this." 

"You're welcome. I'm glad you're enjoying your stay. It's been a pleasure having you as our guest, isn't that right, Lisa?" 

"Yes, Master." 

I poured the wine into four glasses, giving two to Sarah and carrying two myself. We went into the living room where Julia knelt, waiting for us with the start of episode two queued on the TV. I sat down in my favorite chair while Sarah sat on the couch. 

"Julia, start the episode and then I want you to seduce me with the best blow job you can. You may have your wine after I cum." 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"Yes, Master." 

"Excellent idea," Sarah said. "Lisa, I want you to seduce me and when I'm satisfied with your performance, you may have yours." 

"Yes, Mistress." 

So while Sarah and I watched the show, my two slaves proceeded to exert their talents in giving us the greatest amount of pleasure they could. I don't know about Sarah's orgasms, they sounded as if they were delightful, but between the show and the lavish tongue lashing Julia bestowed on me, I couldn't pay much attention to her. I'd already seen these episodes, so I could pay at least some attention to the superb cock sucking I received. Perhaps Julia was just happy to have cock after the last day of cunt, but she exceeded all my expectations. 

She would bring me to the edge of an orgasm, then pause, allowing the immediate need to pass, while licking the tender skin of my inner thigh or rubbing my calves while she merely breathed upon my mast, then start again, spending roughly eighty percent on my cock itself, and twenty percent on the family jewels. Licking, sucking, rolling one ball in her mouth then the other. Every time I was close, she'd pause, a smile on her face, doing just enough to keep me hard for when she began again. Four times she brought me to the brink, then stopped. My balls were starting to ache and I feared I might contract a case of blue balls before she let me orgasm and swallowed mouthful after mouthful of my cum. It was very powerful and lasted a long time. She was able to gather drops of my seed from the tip of my prick even two minutes later. 

When there was nothing more to be had, she climbed into my lap and I gave her the well deserved glass of wine. Lisa was already drinking hers, so apparently her Mistress was well satisfied as well. 

"Beautifully done, slave," I whispered. 

"Thank you, Master. I don't think you've ever filled my mouth so much before. I could scarce swallow it all." 

As a reward for her service, I played with her body, touching her in all the ways I knew she enjoyed, her lovely breasts and sensitive nipples, the slick folds of her cunt, the protuberant spike of her clit. She squirmed and moaned on my lap, smothering her moans with her lips against my chest, or even my lips, so as not to overly disturb the others. After she'd had three orgasms, we sat quietly enjoying the show, her cunt and my lap wet with her spend. 

A little after 9:30, I got a call; Regina King again. I could imagine what she was calling about this time. She must have had her talk with Mistress Dark. I paused the show and took the call. The armies of the winter king were arrayed around the Stark Keep and the Dothraki had practically disappeared in their attack. Shit! I didn't want to take this call, and not just because of the timing of it. I didn't know what to say to her. 

"Hello, Regina." 

"Did you know my husband was a fucking homosexual, Scott!" She raged. 

"No, it was news to me when Mistress Dark told me this afternoon," I said, in the most soothing voice I possessed. "He's never given me any indication he was anything other than what you thought he was. And he's not really homosexual according to her. He's still capable of satisfying you in all the ways you'd want him to, Mistress Dark said. My understanding is he's become an excellent cunt licker and can maintain an erection while pleasing a woman. There's no reason you can't remain married." 

"No reason other than he prefers a cock to my cunt," Regina stormed. "I know he'd prefer sucking some guys knob to licking me, and getting fucked in the ass instead of fucking me. I should have known, you know. He didn't like licking my cunt and couldn't do it worth a damn. He liked fucking me from behind where he could pretend I was some guy instead of face to face where it was fucking apparent I was a damn woman." 

"But he doesn't have to," I said, calmly. "More than cock, he craves submission. If you can provide what he needs in the way of dominance, he'll be happy to remain with you. You've been married for what, six years now. Surely you can find enough common ground to remain together." 

"So I have to become his fucking Mistress instead of his wife? Punish him if he misbehaves? Order him to pleasure me instead of him wanting to? What if I don't want a fucking slave? What if I want a husband instead, one who desires me instead of some fucking guy? It might be fine for you and your wife and your fucking neighbor, but how would you feel if all they wanted to do was fuck each other and ignore you, given any fucking choice in the matter?" 

"I would be upset, like you are, Regina. I'm sorry. I know you're hurt by this. But I'd ask you to keep this in mind. You've just learned about this. It's a shock and you haven't had a chance to process this at all or think about what it means to you. I think you should give it some time and think about it before you make any decisions. Approach this from a position of reason instead of anger. We can talk about it some more later. I promise. I can give you some perspective on what it means to be a dominant. Lisa and Julia can talk to you about a slave's perspective on a dominant/submissive relationship. You can get more information from us and Mistress Dark and even Ron before you make any decisions. I'm not asking too much, am I?" 

"I suppose not. God, I'm so angry though. Why the hell did he marry me if he was gay?" 

"I suspect because he either didn't realize he was or because he couldn't acknowledge, even to himself, he was. Like I said, it's as much news to me as it was you. I think the rest of his friends would be as surprised as we were, Regina." 

"Shit!...Shit, shit, shit! Okay. I'll think on it for awhile. I won't do anything rash. I'll talk to you. I'll get some more information. I'll see you tomorrow. Shit!" 

"I'll see you tomorrow, Regina. Take care." 

"Tomorrow then," Regina said and hung up. 

"Obviously, we couldn't hear both sides of that conversation," Sarah said, "but it appears Regina just learned about her husband?" 

"Yes." 

"And she wasn't happy about it?" 

"Double yes." 

"What exactly was her issues, Master?" Julia asked. 

"That he probably prefers cock to her cunt and that he'd prefer being a slave to being a husband," I said. 

"Those are weighty matters, Master," Lisa said. 

"If you wanted to be a slave, none of us would have a Master, sir," Julia said. "It would be quite sad." 

"I'd volunteer," Sarah said. 

"Good thing for me, we don't have that problem," I replied. "Let's watch the rest of this episode, and head to bed. It will be a very busy day tomorrow." 

We watched the rest of our episode and Sarah was surprised to find the Winter King didn't die from dragon fire and Arya Stark was the one who killed him. I'd been surprised too when I'd seen it the first time. After it was over, we each headed to our respective bedrooms. My slave was in for a good fucking tonight. I was so happy with her. I had her assume the 'tie up' position and she lay down on her back on the bed and I tied her down spread eagled across the sheets. 

"I'm going to make you cum hard, slave," I said. "I enjoyed watching Sarah keep you from cumming this morning and how hard you climaxed when she wouldn't let you. Don't expect to get permission to cum easily nor within three minutes today." 

Julia was already breathing hard when I told her, feeling vulnerable and exposed when I tied her down. "Yes, Master," she whispered, trembling. 

****** 

JULIA 

I was immediately ready to fuck when Master tied me down, knowing he could do almost anything to me and I'd be helpless. It was one of my primary triggers. To be helpless before a Master, to know I could withhold nothing and must surrender everything. I knew my pussy was wet enough Master could slide his cock in without any effort whatsoever. Instead of fucking me, he put his head between my legs. Before he started, he told me I did not have permission to cum at all tonight and I would be punished each time I did. I moaned. I'd already undergone a harsh punishment today. My bottom still remembered the pain Sarah administered this morning. I didn't want to experience more again tomorrow, and not to have permission all night? I panicked, struggling against my ropes. 

He smiled at my struggles. "Why are you struggling so much?" He asked. "I know you orgasmed far more than three times without permission last night. What kind of a deal did you make with Sarah?" 

"She told me she wanted to see me punished," I whispered, "and since she planned not to permit me to cum, I told her I'd admit to three times so she could punish me in return for allowing me to cum as much as I wanted. Did she tell you?" I asked.  

"No, you just did. Seeing you dance to her tune this morning and how she made you cum, I knew you'd been allowed to orgasm or I would have heard you last night. So you got off light this morning. You should have been punished much worse." 

"Master, please have pity on your slave," I pleaded before his mouth found its way to my core and he seduced me as I'd seduced others, using every technique in his considerable arsenal to make me cum. 

I begged him to no avail. It was like he didn't hear me, deaf to my entreaties. I tried as hard as I could not to cum, but Master wouldn't let me ignore him. The more I resisted, the harder he went after me, his tongue finding every secret place, his fingers insinuating themselves, teasing every pleasure center I had. Finally the damn broke, teased beyond endurance, and I screamed as I orgasmed, thrashing madly on the bed, every muscle in my body convulsing. He didn't stop and soon I was cumming again, then again, and finally I gave up and surrendered to it, unable to resist and tired of trying. I climaxed over and over before he pushed into me, filling me with his wonderful cock, pounding me, making me cum again and again before he grunted and planted his seeds in me. 

I lay panting on the bed. I couldn't remember how many times I'd cum. I knew Master did. My cunt was a quagmire, a puddle of my cum under me. He got a towel and gently wiped me off and the spot beneath me. He untied me. 

"How many times will you be punished slave?" 

"I don't know, sir," I admitted. "I lost count." 

"More than eight, less than fifteen, would you guess?" 

"If I'm to be honest," I said, "more than ten, less than eighteen." 

"You choose now to be honest," Master said. 

"I'm sorry, sir." I curled up against him. His side of the bed was drier than mine. 

"You're going to be fucked by a lot of people tomorrow," Master said. "Are you prepared?" 

"How many would you guess, sir?" I asked. Despite having just been fucked to a fare thee well, my cunt moistened again, thinking of it. 

"It might depend how many return for seconds," Master replied. "I'll ensure none of them are family. Sarah will help with that, as I'll be busy hosting." 

"Is that why you invited her, sir?" I asked, still curious why she'd been asked to our home. 

"Partly. I invited her for another purpose, but she convinced me I was making a mistake. It now becomes her primary responsibility." 

"Will you ever tell me what her initial purpose was to be, sir?" 

"Probably. Maybe when your slavery is over." 

"Will you be punishing me tomorrow, Master?" I asked. 

"Do you think you could function tomorrow if you were punished a minimum of ten times?" He asked. 

"No, Master." 

"Then you won't be punished tomorrow. It gives you something to look forward to in the future." 

"Yes, sir." I wasn't looking forward to it. 

He kissed me. "Good night, slave. We have a busy day ahead of us." 

"Good night, sir." I snuggled closer and fell asleep, exhausted. 

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 16|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-16|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<em>The Memorial Day Bash begins. Slaves are available for the guests use, including a male slave. This chapter contains oral sex, anal sex, lesbian sex, gay sex, and multiple partner sex. A word about the way Mistress Dark transports slaves; the Stuffed and Stuck stockades in the back of the vans. This is not a safe way to travel and I understand this and do not promote it as a valid method of travel. In the same way I can wish away STD's for my fantasy, I also wish away traffic accidents; "poof", gone.</em> 

<strong>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 16 - Memorial Day Bash, pt 1</strong> 

JULIA 

When Master woke up at seven, I was on him like a shot, but he said I wouldn't have to suck his cock this morning. There were no clothes to earn; I'd be naked all day, and he thought he should save himself for the party. He made me go to Sarah's room and get Lisa up so she could help us get ready. I knocked quietly but there was no answer. I peeked in the room and they were sleeping in each others arms. Both of their faces had dried cum on them so I know Lisa was allowed her pleasure last night. I tiptoed into the room and gently nudged Lisa until she woke. 

"Master said to get up," I whispered. "You need to help get ready for the party." 

She nodded and slowly extricated herself from Sarah and followed me out of the room. 

"It looks as though you had a pleasant time with Mistress Sarah last night, slave," I said when we'd left the room. 

"I did. As you said, she's relaxed her attitudes some. She made sure I received pleasure." 

I kissed her. "I'm glad you enjoyed yourself." 

"Are you as nervous about today as I am?" Lisa asked. 

"As soon as Master mentioned it last night, I got butterflies in my stomach, though my cunt immediately got wet as well. Master had just fucked hell out of me and despite being totally satisfied, felt myself becoming aroused despite it." 

"It's exactly the same for me," Lisa admitted. "Sarah asked me how I was feeling about today and despite the nerves, I immediately became twice as orgasmic. She had no problem making me cum." 

I squeezed her arm. Two slaves all atwitter in nervous anticipation. Master fed Lisa today and he gave her an orgasm with his fingers after he fed her. She squirmed on his lap, kissing him. Should I have felt jealous my husband was finger fucking my best friend? Maybe. I wasn't jealous, although I was envious she was cumming and not I. Knowing I would be cumming often today eased my envy. Master made sure he kept both of his slaves happy and satisfied. 

After Lisa orgasmed, Master put us in the pool area cleaning and straightening furniture. He told us we were to set up seven slave stations with a tables by each one which could hold things the slave might need to satisfy a Master or Mistress. He said Mistress Dark would me bringing everything we needed. Lisa and I looked at each other. We had very limited knowledge of what would be happening today other than the poker game later and serving food and drink to non-slaves today. Apparently, it involved more than we knew. I suddenly got a whole lot more nervous and way more excited. Master started getting the grill ready to be used today. 

Sarah came out around 8:30 and began helping as if she knew what would be happening later. I asked her if she knew what Master had planned for later. 

"I do know, but if you expect me to tell you, you're going to be disappointed. Anticipation is part of the surprise," she said. "I suspect you're going to be a very satisfied slave today." 

Of course, the second she said this, I was even more aroused. Sarah put two fingers in my cunt and felt my arousal. 

"Aren't you the twisted little slut?" Sarah said. "You're juicing at the thought of performing in front of your parents, aren't you?" 

"Mistress, please let me cum," I said, humping her hand. 

"You can have permission if you tell me what has you so excited," she said. 

"Yes," I admitted. "Being made to perform in front of others has me excited, Mistress. Please let me cum." 

"Not just others," Sarah said. "Your parents and Scott's parents. You'll soon be used in front of them. Your Master will ensure you're fucked in front of them." 

I climaxed, gasping and squirming on her fingers. It was quite strong, and Sarah's fingers were quickly drenched. She kissed me as I ground my cunt against her fingers. It lasted for several minutes. 

"Such a naughty slut," Sarah whispered in my ear as she fed me her slimy fingers. I moaned, sucking her fingers clean of my cum. 

If this orgasm was a hint of what I could expect later, it was going to be a wild ride today. By 9:30 everything was ready and Master said we could have the next hour or so to get ready. 

Lisa asked if I wanted another cleansing enema today. I said I would. Sarah heard us and asked what we meant by cleansing enemas and why. Lisa told her it was good preparation if we knew it was likely we'd be ass fucked. Since both of our asses would be on the auction block later, it was inevitable we'd be fucked there, hence the enemas. 

"It enables us to clean a cock which has been in our ass," I said, remembering cleaning Master after he fucked my ass with Jerry in my cunt. 

"You're kidding!" Sarah said, shocked. No more shocked than I when Lisa first told me. 

"No," Lisa said. "We'll cleanse ourselves until the water runs clear and we know our asses are fresh." 

Sarah was curious and went with us to the master bath and observed while we took care of it. She watched us finish and noted how clean the water ran on the fourth one. She went back to her room to shower and dress while Lisa and I did the same except for the dressing part. Sex slaves had no need to dress. We both shaved our mons, leaving them as smooth as we could. 

Ten minutes after my shower, I smelled as much like sex as before my shower, and so did Lisa. Our cunts were puffy and dew bedecked. Sarah was right. we'd been turned into a needy sluts, and our bodies recognized our natural state and quickly prepared to be used. 

At 10:30, Master found us and said, "I have gifts for the two of you. Display." 

We both snapped into position and Master walked around us, lightly touching us, inspecting us. 

"There can't possibly be two more beautiful sex slaves in the state of California," Master said. "Slavery obviously agrees with you. Your nipples are so hard and stiff right now." His fingers tweaked them and we both moaned in concert. "If I touched your cunts right now, you'd probably both cum on the spot, wouldn't you?" 

"Yes, Master," I said, hoping he'd touch my pussy now. I parted my legs farther inviting him to. Master laughed at my need. 

He pulled two items out of a bag, one red, one black. "These are from a company called Couture de Nuit," he said. "They are fully adjustable so one size fits all. The moment I saw them, I thought they were perfect for two needy slaves such as yourselves to wear. They hide nothing and accentuate everything." He handed the black one to me and the red one to Lisa. "Help each other put them on and adjust them to the proper size, then come out. Our guests will be arriving soon. Here are your slave medallions. Add them to your collars. You are red silk today." 

Lisa and I put on our new outfit. As Master said, it hid nothing and accentuated everything. We both looked even more tempting and fuckable. More than merely being nude. We looked at each other. 

"I'm scared," Lisa said. 

I kissed her. She was no longer my best friend anymore. She was also my lover. No matter what happened after Friday, this memory would forever exist between us. "I am too," I answered her. 

We joined Master and waited for our guests to arrive. Sarah was dressed. I'd loaned her one of my skirts so she could go without underwear, because she only had shorts and pants for her trek up the trail. She was wearing a colorful, multi-colored, light weight blouse of her own. Her right nipple was barely visible beneath a yellow panel on the blouse, so I know she was doing without a bra. She wasn't a slave, but she was planning on enjoying herself with slaves today, so no need to go overboard with clothes. She remarked on our attire. 

"You slaves both look good enough to eat," Sarah said. 

"Yes, Mistress, thank you," I replied. 

Mistress Dark was the first to arrive. "Your slaves are looking particularly delicious today, Scott. I'm going to enjoy the party, I think. My slaves are in the van," she said. "I might need a little assistance getting them into the house without flashing the whole neighborhood." 

Master told her to back the van right up to the garage door and we'd bring them in through the garage. "Open the garage door when the van is backed up," Master told me. He asked Sarah to help. His two slaves were as naked as Mistress Dark's so we couldn't go outside. 

I waited until the van was at the door, then opened the garage door. Master and Mistress Dark opened the back of the van and three slaves were in the Stuffed and Stuck stockades in the back, Rose, Slut and Ron. Ron had an erection. Of course, I was also aroused to distraction when in the stockade, so I supposed I shouldn't be surprised he would be as well. They were released from their confinement and quickly entered the house through the garage. Sarah inspected the transport stockades with interest before closing the van door. When everyone was inside, I closed the garage door again. 

Mistress Dark pointed at the floor and all three of her slaves knelt at her feet. I knelt as well, though I was closer to Master and Sarah. I never wanted to get on the bad side of Mistress Dark. The marks of Slut's last caning were still visible on her ass. 

"You are to do whatever Master Scott orders you to do as if the order came from me," she said, "from serving food and drink to fucking. Ron, you are not to cum without specific orders from me. I want your cock hard enough to fuck at any moment. If you cum, I'll punish your miserable little dick with a whip, do you understand." 

His dick didn't look little to me. It was a pleasing average size, not the size of Master or Jerry, but nice. There was a drop of pre-cum on the tip. It looked like he had something around the base of his cock and his balls. I learned later it was a cock and ball ring. 

"Yes, Mistress," he said. I wondered how he'd be able to stay as hard as Mistress Dark said. 

"You may put them to work in any way you wish, Scott." She handed him a big paper bag and said, "here are the items you ordered. Everything is fully charged." 

"I appreciate it," he said. He handed the bag to Rose. "You three go out to the pool in the back and you'll notice seven chaise lounges around the pool with tables beside them. Those will be slave stations for some games we have planned for later. Put these toys and lubricants out there. You should be able to figure things out, but we can make adjustments later if necessary." 

"Yes, Master," Rose replied and all three of them went to the back, Ron leading the way because he'd been to our house before. 

"Who is this?" Mistress Dark asked, indicating Sarah. "I haven't met her before." 

"This is Sarah Shepard," Master said. "We met her a couple days ago on the Pacific Crest Trail. We invited her to rest a couple days with us before continuing." 

"She's not overly dressed, but she's not dressed like a slave either," she commented. 

"No," Master said, smiling. "She's probably discovering she has a dominant side as opposed to a submissive one." 

Sarah stuck her hand out. "I might like to bend your ear a little today to ask you some questions if I may?" 

Mistress Dark clasped her hand in two of hers. "A fellow Domme, dear. Welcome to the club. I'm sure we'll have a moment or two to chat." 

Edward and Rob Strong arrived next, carrying an ice chest filled with meat. "We've got an assortment of steaks, chicken and even black bean burgers in case we have any vegetarians in the mix," Edward said. 

Master said, "Of course, you know these two," pointing to Lisa and I, "and this is Sarah Shepard, a new friend and Mistress Dark. Two of Mistress Dark's slaves are out by the pool getting some things set up for later. If you haven't heard somehow already, Ron King is apparently a submissive and will be serving as a slave today as well. He's by the pool as well." 

"Ron?" Rob said, "Regina's husband, Ron?" 

"Yes. And you may notice some other things about him, too. Don't be overly surprised if he asks to suck your cock," Master said. Edward and Rob looked at each other. 

"Gay?" Edward asked. "Ron?" 

"Let's just call it bi for now," Master said. 

"Holy shit!" Edward said. 

"That pretty much describes what Regina said when she found out," Master said. 

Edward and Rob looked at each other and shook their heads at the same time. It was like they were each looking into a mirror, their actions so closely matched. Each of them kissed Lisa and I, feeling us up at the same time, then took the meat out by the pool. 

Gwen, Reneé and Gwen's husband arrived next. I could see both Master and Lisa were watching him as warily as I was. This felt unprecedented in my experience. Gwen introduced him as Sherman Siever. He didn't look particularly threatening, standing there as everyone was introduced; maybe 5-9, 180 pounds and definitely one of the oldest ones attending today. Older even than Lisa's parents. He didn't say anything when Gwen asked where she and Reneé could remove their clothes. Lisa led them back to Master's bedroom. 

Before they returned, Jerry and Chen arrived. Jerry was carrying two grocery bags filled with all the plastic dishes and utensils, cups and condiments we'd need for a cook out. Chen had a pony keg and more booze in the car. Master made the introductions again. Gwen and Reneé returned while he was finishing up so he added them to his introductions. Reneé was lovely, slim, almost waif-like with small breasts and narrow hips. She was fully shaved and had a small tattoo over her mons with the words 'insert here' and an arrow pointing to her slit. I wondered how she'd look with one of the Strong's thick cocks splitting her apart. I hope Gwen warned her before she agreed to join us. Both Gwen and Reneé were also wearing slave collars and cuffs. 

Sherman didn't say anything when his wife returned naked, but had a kind of deep longing on his face I'd seen in Master at times when he looked at me. I suspected he deeply loved his wife and I still wondered what he was doing here; why he'd want to witness her being used by others, both men and women. 

Jerry and Chen took their stuff out by the pool with Gwen's and Reneé's help and my parents and Master's both arrived at about the same time, seconds after they left. I felt Dan's and Sandra's eyes on me as Master introduced them to Sarah and Mistress Dark. My parents were doing their best to avoid looking at me, though they were watching Lisa with interest. Sarah was paying close attention to who they were when they were introduced as she was going to be responsible for ensuring we weren't fucked by the wrong people. Dan hugged me, and patted my ass. 

"How you doing, sweetheart?," he whispered. "Do you think you'll manage today?" 

"I hope so, Master Dan," I whispered back. "I'm so nervous, you wouldn't believe it." 

Sandy also hugged me, patting my back. "You're braver than I was," she said. 

My mother, Mary, hugged me, but Dad didn't. He shook my hand, though he said, "You're a lovely woman, daughter. Just like your mother at your age." They both hugged Lisa though. I wondered if one or both of them would be fucking her later. There was nothing to stop them from using her; they were in an open marriage. I still wondered at that piece of news, very fresh to me. Lisa seemed quite anxious as they greeted her. The same applied to Master's parents as well, though I wasn't sure if they would have sex with others. They'd admitted to bondage and discipline games, not to sex outside their marriage. Still, there was a first time for everything. 

Lisa's parents arrived. They were the swingers. Another new piece of information we'd just learned. They both looked me over thoroughly. I could easily end up with them, if Master expected us to fuck sometime today before they left. Sarah had hinted we'd be used today before the poker game. It was part of the reason she was here. They looked Lisa over as well, though not like she was a new dish placed on the table just for them. 

Reggie asked if Lisa was enjoying her new life. "Yes, Daddy," she answered, unable to look him in the eye, standing naked in front of him. I could sympathize with her. Marge asked her if the sex was good. Lisa looked at both Master and I before replying, "Yes. It's been perfect." Marjorie said, "That's what's important, isn't it." 

Regina was the only one who hadn't arrived yet. Master led the others out to the pool, while Lisa and I waited by the door for her to arrive. Chen and Jerry came by to get the rest of the liquor Chen had left in the car, five bottles of wine, four different types of the hard stuff and an assortment of mixers, plus soft drinks for those who didn't drink booze. Both of them stopped to kiss the two naked slave girls and feel them up. I moaned when Jerry stuck two fingers in my cunt and begged him to let me cum. He told me I couldn't but stopped fondling me so I wouldn't. Nevertheless, I was left more aroused than before and feeling quite like the needy slave slut I was. 

They went out and got the rest of the drinks. It was twenty after eleven before Regina arrived. 

"Good morning, Mistress," I said. 

"Good morning, slave," she said. "I almost didn't come today I'm so embarrassed, but I did promise to bring salads, so I finally got up the nerve to come." 

"I'm so sorry, Mistress. I know this must be very upsetting for you. Hopefully this will all work itself out in the end." 

"I don't know how it can," she said, "but I appreciate you saying it can. I have four different bowls of salad, can I get some help getting it from the car?" 

"Of course," I said. "Let me get some of the clothed gentlemen to help you?" 

"How many are unclothed at the moment?" 

"Only slaves at the moment, Mistress, to my knowledge," I replied. 

She looked puzzled for the moment before realizing her husband was the only one who was naked. "I see," she said. 

Lisa left and got Dan, my father, and Jerry to help. They all went outside and came back with a garden salad, a Caesar salad, a fruit salad and Cole slaw, all sitting in tubs of ice to keep them cold. I took the Cole slaw from Regina and we all went out to the pool to join the others. 

We all went outside and Regina walked up to Ron and slapped him on the face, saying, "You fucking prick." 

Ron looked at her, stunned for a moment. Regina said, "Kneel in front of your betters, slave." 

Ron dropped to his knees, immediately. Slaves trained by Mistress Dark tended to be very obedient. "Lick my cunt like you mean it, you shit!" 

She lifted her skirt and dropped it over Ron's head and for the next five minutes we watched in astounded amazement as Ron licked her cunt, her skirt bobbing up and down with his head. Regina finally grabbed his head and climaxed, her moans suppressed for her surprised watchers. 

"Much better than the last time," she said, pushing him out from under her skirt. His face was smeared with her cum. "Don't clean that off." 

"No, Mistress," he said. His cock was still as hard as when he'd arrived almost an hour ago, though I'd not seen him the whole time. 

"Let's get on with the party," Regina said. "Nothing to see here. The show is over." 

The conversation eventually returned to normal. Master gave it a few minutes before he called for everyone's attention. He reintroduced everyone again in case no one knew everyone else. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"As everyone can see, we are blessed to have several slaves with us today. They are here for your enjoyment," Master said. "They will remain naked for your viewing pleasure. If you tell them what you wish to eat, they will bring your food and beverages. The slaves are identified by their collars and wrist cuffs. The rest of you can wear as much or as little as you wish. Obviously the pool and hot tub are open for business. Two of the slaves will be fastened to the bondage equipment in the living room and be rotated out every half hour while we're grilling. Any of their fuck holes may be used while we're eating. Sarah will be ensuring they aren't used by any family members, but other than that, they're available to be used by anyone, male or female." 

As Master spoke, I got wetter and wetter. I was afraid to look at myself for fear I'd see my fluids getting ready to run down my legs. 

"After their half hour of use, the slaves may use the shower to clean up before rejoining us. Around two, or after everyone has had their fill of food, I have some fun and games planned which should be enjoyable to everyone. I caution you all to pace yourselves, particularly the men. We will be here until six for some of you, and the poker players until later. The slaves may be able to fuck all day, but the rest of you may have difficulty keeping up. With the exception of Ron, the slaves may all cum without permission." 

Thank God Master said so, because I had a small orgasm as he said so, I was so fucking aroused right now. 

"Rose, Slut, Lisa and Julia," Master said. "Please come with me." 

"Is this to put the slaves in bondage, Scott?" Regina asked. 

"It is," Master said. 

"Put Ron in bondage," Regina said. "I'd like him to remain there for an hour. I want to see if anyone wants to fuck his ass or get their cock sucked by my husband." 

Master nodded. "In that event, Lisa, you may help serve the guests. Ron, come with me along with the others I previously called." 

Ron was still on his knees, but he got up, an obedient slave like the rest of us. I wondered why Master was asking for four of us when he said only two would be placed in bondage. Still we all followed him into the living room. He was a Master, the rest of us slaves. Sarah also came, she didn't know who was going first. Master put Ron in the stocks, his head at a height to suck almost every cock there. I wondered if anyone would use him and who it would be. Master left some lubricant beside him in case anyone wanted to fuck his ass. Slut was placed on the bench. Her crotch was at a height where either of her holes were available for use. Her head and arms were secured and her mouth could be used by either males or females. 

"Look at Slut, slave," Master told me. "That's going to be you next." 

"Yes, Master," I replied. He then tied blindfolds around Ron's and Slut's faces, so they couldn't see. He hung a printed sign over each of the slaves. It said 'do not speak when fucking the slave'. "I don't want you to know who's fucking you," Master told them. "You can guess for the rest of the day who made use of your body." 

So I wasn't going to know who fucked me. I hoped I'd be able to tell if it was Master from fucking him for ten years, or the Strong twins because of how fat their pricks were. I hadn't seen at least three of the cocks yet, so I had no idea what they'd look or feel like although two of them shouldn't fuck me anyway, at least if Sarah was doing her job. Fluids were running down my leg now. I would pop if someone touched my cunt. 

"You and Rose may go use the bed for the next half hour," Master said. "It's probably all the time you're going to get today. If you're gone for more than thirty minutes, you'll both be punished with the Enforcer. I'm starting my timer now. Don't clean up and show me your faces when you're done." 

"Thank you, Master," Rose said. 

I took Rose's hand and led her to my bedroom. It wouldn't take anything for her to make me cum now. 

****** 

SCOTT 

This promised to be the most emotionally traumatic day for me of Julia's slavery. I was happy she was starting it off easy with Rose. A half hour with Rose was a half hour she wouldn't be fucking anyone else. I was happy to give her the fantasy, but didn't mean it meant nothing for me to see her with others. Since neither Lisa or Julia needed to be protected at the moment, Sarah followed me back to the pool and had struck up conversations with the other poker players. I fired up the grill and started cooking. I tried not to pay too much attention to who might be going to take advantage of the two slaves confined to the bondage gear. What happened to them wasn't an issue for me. 

Lisa's parents were the first to shed themselves of whatever inhibitions they might have possessed. Well, after Mistress Dark anyway. She didn't have any inhibitions that I'd noticed. She was stripping as I told everyone it was up to them if they wanted to wear clothes. Given Reggie and Marge participated in orgies previously, I couldn't claim to be surprised. If anyone would be ready for some sex, it was most likely to be them. They were in their mid-fifties and still looked pretty good. Reggie wasn't carrying much extra weight around his waist and Marjorie was a silver fox. The Strongs had felt comfortable shedding their clothes as well. Of course what their cocks might have lacked in length, they made up for in girth. They were getting some looks from the women present other than Sarah. 

In around twenty minutes, Julia's parents also shed their clothes. Looking at Mary and Harold, it was easy to see where Julia got her good looks. They were in their early fifties and both of them looked fine. I suppose it was important to stay in shape if you were going to be in an open marriage and hoping to attract your own share of attention while your spouse was galavanting around. After they stripped, so did Chen and Jerry. As the only non-caucasians there, they attracted some attention too, especially Jerry's black snake. 

My parents came up to me and asked how I was doing. 

"I'm doing fine," I said. "Nothing too threatening is happening at the moment. Julia owes one of Mistress Dark's slaves some time alone." 

"What about later?" Mom asked. 

"I mentally prepared for this to happen before I decided to give this to Julia," I said. "I'll admit this will be the most stressful of all her days of slavery, but I'm good. Look at all the beautiful women I have available to fuck." 

"Not always the same thing, son," Dad said. "It's not always a one for one proposition." 

"Have you and mother ever stepped outside the boundaries of your marriage?" I asked. 

"That's kind of our business and none of yours, dear," Mom said. By which I took her to mean they might have, but it was not my concern. I supposed it was true. 

"We'll be having some games later on. I was wondering if you were going to join in?" 

Julia and Rose came outside, their faces still slick with their cum. Rose's was the most drenched but she was the most accomplished cunt licker and Julia would be riding the edge all day today from what I could see. I handed them a towel to wipe their faces. 

"Rose, you may assist the other slaves for now. Julia, you'll be coming with me." 

"Yes, Master," she said, breathlessly. 

"Sarah," I called out. "I'll need your assistance for the moment. Dad, can you watch the meat for a few minutes." 

"Sure thing, son," Dad said. He took over the grilling while Sarah followed Julia and I into the house. 

In the stocks, Ron had cum running out of his ass and smeared on his face. He wouldn't knew who had fucked him unless somebody said something. He might be able to guess some. He'd seen the same cocks I had at last Thursday's poker game. I'm sure if one of the Strong boys put their cock up your ass, you'd know it was them. He was staying put for another half hour. Slut had cum running out of both her cunt and ass and it looked like girl cum smeared over her face. I released her and asked Sarah to bring her to our shower to wash off. While Sarah was off doing her thing, I fastened Julia on the bench. 

"Are you excited, slave?" I asked. 

"Yes, Master." 

"Sarah will ensure neither my parents nor yours will fuck you, but it could be anyone else. You won't know who it is. Do you understand?" 

"Yes, sir." 

I fastened the blindfold around her eyes, putting her in darkness. 

"I love you, slave," I said. 

"I love you, Master, and thank you for this." 

"You're welcome." 

Sarah returned and I said, "I'm leaving her in your capable hands." 

"Don't worry about a thing, Scott. I'll make sure she's safe," Sarah said. 

I kissed her. "I know you will." I left my slave confined for fucking and went back outside. 

Jerry and my parents were talking when I got back and took over the grilling. Jerry grabbed one of the chicken breasts that were done and started loading up a plate with food. Others started to grab some food too, some using the slaves to get their food. They'd been enjoying the drinks as well, though no one was drinking wildly. I asked Dad to stir me up a whiskey sour. 

"Sure." He moved over to the bar. 

"You didn't answer my question before, Mother. Do you think you'll participate later on?" 

"Why don't you tell us what's involved and then Dan and I can discuss it." 

Dad brought me my drink. I thanked him and continued. I discussed the entire sequence as Sarah and I had figured it yesterday in broad generalities. I explained there were three different sets of dice, each one requiring something for the slave and the non-slave to perform, time limited by the numbered dice. The first set was generally milder, involving rubbing, touching, kissing, but each set of dice required more specific sexual activity for you to perform, up to the last set of dice which included sexual intercourse. You could stop at any time, skip any slave you wanted to skip, or skip any level you were uncomfortable with proceeding into. 

"We'll have to think about it some more," Dad said. "It's stretching a few of our boundaries if we go ahead." 

"Maybe just the first level of dice, Dan," Mom said. "It might be kind of fun. It will depend on the dice. We'll know ahead of time, right?" 

"Everyone will know what's on the dice before you start rolling," I said. "I'm looking at this as an ice breaker to start." 

"It is going to result in people having sex though, isn't it, Scott?" Dad asked. 

"At the higher levels of game play, it's quite likely," I replied. "It's a bit more innocuous at the beginning, but they'll possibly be some touching or kissing of sex organs, all based upon a throw of the dice." 

"We'll see," Dad said. 

Pretty much all the non-slaves were fed, and some of the slaves started coming for food. I told Rose and Gwen to hold off for now, it was almost time for them to start. They could eat afterward. I'd ensure they got food. My timer went off and I turned the grill over to Dad and went to collect two well fucked slaves, Rose and Gwen following me. I also noticed Sherman was following them. Apparently, he wanted to watch whatever happened to his wife. Using Gwen and Rose would give Sarah a half hour break to eat and drink before she had to monitor Lisa. 

I released Ron first, starting with his blindfold. He'd been in the stockade for an hour bent over at the waist. I figured he was fairly tired of it by now. He still had the erection he came in with. I don't know what Mistress Dark had done to him, but the fact he'd maintained a stiff cock for close to ninety minutes was impressive as hell. There was some lipstick on it, so someone had tried to empty him and failed. It also looked like his rectum had collected another load of cum. Rose knew the way to our bedroom now so I had her take Ron to the shower. 

I looked at Julia. There seemed to be both semen and girl cum on her face, and both her cunt and anus had sperm leaking from it. Her sphincter hadn't fully closed yet, which made me suspect a larger cock or more recent one. I removed Julia's blindfold before doing anything else. 

"How are you doing, slave?" I asked, caressing her face. 

"Wonderful, sir." 

"How many times have you orgasmed?" I started releasing her legs. 

"I'm unsure Master. I wasn't trying to keep track. More than twelve, maybe. Some of them were multiples and some so close together thy could have been." 

"Not bad for a thirty minute period," I said. "Sarah is going to help you to her room. Ron is in ours at the moment." 

"Yes, Master." 

I removed the rest of her restraints and helped her to her feet. She wobbled a little walking to Sarah's room, leaning on her arm. It looked as though she'd been fucked hard. 

Rose wasn't back from the bedroom yet, so I asked Gwen which station she wanted, the bench or stocks. 

"The stocks please, sir." I fastened her down. 

"The head and hands part can be lowered right down to the ground in case a woman would like to take advantage of your mouth," I said. I showed her how it was done by lowering her to her knees. "You can explain it to anyone who asks. I'm going to leave you down here for the moment, all right?" Blindfolding her. 

"Fine, sir." 

Since Sherman was going to be watching anyway, I told him to make sure these two slaves were not abused in any way. 

"They won't be hurt," he said, taking a seat on the couch. 

"Thanks." 

Rose was back so I put her on the bench and blindfolded her as well. "One of the people who fucks you today will be me, Rose," I whispered. 

"Thank you, Master." 

Rose was a very lovely woman, and she was new to almost everyone but my slaves and her Mistress. I had no doubt she'd be popular. I assumed the same would apply to Reneé when she was bound. I wanted to fuck her myself. Sarah left Julia to shower by herself and she and I walked out to the pool together. Dad was doing great at the grill, so I left him at it while I had something to eat myself, grabbing a bite with Sarah. 

"Do you want to know who fucked her?" She asked when we sat down. 

"Not right now. It's still too fresh. Maybe later. I'll let you know." 

"Regina fucked Ron in the ass with her strap on," Sarah said. I nodded. I wasn't that surprised by the news. She probably reamed him good. "And I fucked Jerry," she said, taking a bite of chicken thick with BBQ sauce. 

This was more surprising news to me. "Really? And how was it?" 

"I love his cock," Sarah said. "What a magnificent meat stick and he so knows how to use it. It reaffirmed my faith in my heterosexuality." 

"How did it come about? You were watching Julia." 

"He came in to fuck Julia. I told him the slave would be available for purchase later plus all the other fun and games you have planned, but it would be his only chance to fuck me, so he took it. Bent me over the back of the couch and had his way with me. And what a way he had." 

"Julia seemed to like his fucking too." 

"What's not to like? Jerry's all stud and a nice guy besides." 

We ate in companionable silence for a few more minutes, then I set my food down. "I need a little of my own medicine," I said. "I promised a slave I'd fuck her." 

"I'm going to see if one of the Strong boys wants some sloppy seconds," Sarah said. "Their cocks are nice and fat, but can they do anything with them?" 

"Good hunting," I said. 

I noticed Julia was done with her shower and eating and talking to my Mom. I wondered what they were talking about. I could find out later. I went in looking for Rose. 

Rose was where I'd left her except Julia's mom was riding her face. I recall she'd asked Julia what it was like to be with a woman. She was finding out herself. Someone had already used Rose's cunt, maybe two someone's from the amount of cum leaking out of it. Hell, if I was going to fuck Rose in front of Julia's mother, I might as well do it in someone else's cum. Mary opened her mouth to say something and I held my finger to my lips signifying silence was golden. I released my cock, and Mary's eyes widened when she saw it, hard as a rock. I pushed into Rose as the quickest way to get it out of sight. 

Talk about strange, Julia's mother and I sharing the same slave. Rose was a well trained slave and didn't stop what she was doing to Mary's cunt, just because I'd filled hers with my cock. Mary was orgasming within three minutes, and went along for another ride as she watched me plow Rose's pussy. I could tell from her contractions, Rose was able to cum twice while I fucked her, moaning into Mary's muff. This was my first orgasm today and I'd been hard for the last half hour, so it didn't take but five minutes to add my cum to the rest of the mess. Mary's husband, Harold was waiting for me to finish, but he only went in Rose's cunt to coat it in cum before sliding it into Rose's ass. She moaned again and Mary climaxed. 

I brought my cock to Gwen and let her clean me off. Edward was fucking her cunt and she was moaning up a storm as she took his fat prick. Did that mean Sarah struck out, or was she fucking Rob instead? Gwen was the best cocksucker I'd experienced, so she had me hard again in no time, but rather than cum in her mouth, I decided I'd wait and try Reneé later. I tucked myself back in my shorts. Since the thirty minutes was almost up, I waited until the timer went off instead of leaving. When it went off, I signaled Edward, Mary and Harry to finish it up. All of them climaxed within a couple minutes and they silently left. 

I released Gwen first, and called Sherman over. "Gwen knows where the shower is. Why don't you help her in there?" 

He nodded, watching the cum flowing from her cunt and ass. I didn't know what was going on between them right now, but I'd give a nickel to find out. He helped her to her feet and she leaned on him as she led him to the bathroom. I released Rose.  

"You look well used, slave." 

"Yes, Master, very well used." 

"I can bring you to my shower where Gwen's cleaning up and you can help wash each other, or you can have a shower to yourself?" 

"I'll share yours, sir. Gwen seems very nice and I wouldn't mind getting to know her better." 

"As you wish," I said, smiling. I led her into the bath and pulled out two new towels to dry off with. I told them both, "Don't take too long. They're going through the food pretty quick, but I think we'll have plenty left, especially meat." 

Before I left, Rose and Gwen were kissing and washing and kissing some more. Food wasn't as important as other things to some people. Sherman was still watching. 

I went and found Lisa and Reneé, the last two slaves remaining to be used. "It's your turn, Lisa," I said. "Reneé, I haven't really had an opportunity to speak to you at all. Before I secure you to the bondage furniture and let all these horny people have their way with you, I want to be sure this is something you want to do. I don't know what Gwen said to you and why you decided to come, but if you're uncomfortable going forward, you can stop at any time. I want to let you know I intend to blindfold you, so you won't know who you're fucking or whose cock or cunt you're licking. If you want to stop now, it's okay. You're under no obligation to proceed. I'll also say your youth and newness to these proceedings will likely make you quite popular. Expect to get fucked a lot is what I'm trying to say. Do you still want to do this?" I waved to Sarah and held up my fingers for five minutes. She nodded that she understood. 

"Yes, sir," she said gamely. 

"Have you been anally fucked before? I could put a plug in your ass and put it off limits to everyone if you haven't." 

"It's not necessary, sir. My ass is accustomed to use by others." 

"If you'll follow me then, I'll secure you." 

I lead them into the living room. "Lisa, I'm putting you in the stocks. I'm going to put you on the bench, Reneé, so you don't have to stand for this, if that's okay." 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"It's fine, Master." 

Securing Lisa first, I put on her blindfold. Before I'd moved to Reneé, Jerry was lining up his cock to take Lisa's cunt. He speared into her. Lisa moaned like a bitch in heat before Harold, Julia's father, stuffed her mouth with his cock. I knew where'd he just had his cock and hoped like hell he'd had the decency to clean up a little before fucking his daughter's friends mouth. It wasn't slowing Lisa in the slightest, so I supposed I worried for nothing. 

Moving to Reneé, I fastened her neck and hands, then tied her blindfold on. "You can say 'Alpha' if you need to stop for any reason, okay? Sarah will be listening." I stroked her cheek. She looked nervous. 

"Yes, sir." 

I fastened her legs up in the V. She looked so fucking inviting. Chen was moving up to fuck her and I waved him off, pointing to her mouth instead. "Go easy," I mouthed, not even a whisper and he nodded he understood. 

Since he was headed to the opposite end, I began licking her cunt. She jumped when she felt me, thinking a cock was coming first. I laved her young flesh, easily the youngest person here, beating Sarah by a couple years at least, and maybe only twenty or twenty-one. Her slim stature made her look younger. She quickly moaned, enjoying the sensation of my tongue in her slit. Chen started rubbing his cock on her lips and she opened for him. Very slowly, he slipped her more and more of his cock, content to let her suck it like a popsicle, not forcing it down her throat. I lapped at her folds long enough to give her an orgasm and when her trembling stopped, placed my cock at the entrance of her cunt, marked 'insert here,' and slowly pushed in. So fucking tight and smooth, she moaned as I packed her young pussy. 

With long slow strokes, I fucked her, letting her feel every inch of my cock. She panted haltingly. Chen played with her small tits, pinching and tweaking her stiff nipples. She felt so good, but I couldn't keep her forever, so I sped up, plowing her faster. She orgasmed, squeaking around Chen's cock, almost like a mouse. Chen climaxed and she wasn't ready for his cum, sputtering for a few seconds before swallowing and taking the rest down. I could feel my cum rising, my balls stirring. I plunged deep and released my seed, spurt after hot spurt flooding her channel, squeezing out of its tight confines, and onto my sack. I pulled out and my cum came with it, dribbling with her contractions. Rob Strong was behind me, waiting his turn. Poor girl. She didn't know what she was in for. 

"Don't fuck her ass," I whispered, "and go slow. She's not used to this." 

"What, slavery?" He asked, whispering back. 

"No, fucking. If she's been fucked by a man a dozen times before this, I'd be surprised, she's so tight and pristine. I think she's bi, but hasn't done that many guys from what I can tell. Don't tear the poor girl, or she'll never want to do this again." 

"Oh, yeah, right. Don't worry. I've got this." 

I thought, sure you do, but instead of trying to work his thick prick into her tiny twat, he started by sucking my cum out of her cunt. Maybe he did have this. Reneé climaxed again. 

I went back outside for more food and drink. Mistress Dark had Julia in her lap and was fondling her while they kissed. My slutty little slave was cumming. Reggie and Marge, Lisa's parents, were sitting together watching her cum. Ron was sucking on Reginald's rod, bobbing up and down like a sewing machine. Ron's cock was still hard. He must be terrified of what Mistress Dark would do to him to still be hard. He had to be suffering from the worst case of blue balls ever. Mistress Dark knew Marjorie wasn't someone on the prohibited list, so she invited Lisa's mom between Julia's legs, making her spread them wide. Marge dived right in. While Mistress Dark whispered sweet nothings in Julia's ear and played with her breasts, Marjorie gave her three quick orgasms. It looked as though Marge had done this at least a hundred times before. I wondered how many times Julia had cum today already and the afternoons activities hadn't even kicked off yet. 

I looked around for Regina. She was sitting alone with a tall, clear drink of something on ice, staring at Ron sucking cock and looking despondent. I'd be willing to wager it wasn't water in the glass. 

****** 

JULIA 

I was so happy Master was allowing me to start my day with Rose. I felt like a drop of water on a red hot pan, sizzling and skittering across the pan like a Mexican jumping bean. I was that nervous and that aroused. I led Rose into our bedroom and we fell across the bed in a tight embrace, kissing. The second she touched my cunt, I exploded in a barrage of fireworks, spiraling through the night sky. We quickly snuggled into a sixty-nine, tongues lapping at liquid folds, climax following climax. Rose wasn't quite as orgasmic as I was. I was less skilled, and more aroused than she was, but she'd known we would be together at some point today and anticipating it. After fifteen minutes of near non-stop cumming, we slowed down some. I reversed myself and we languidly settled into each other's arms, kissing while we lovingly stroked soft breasts and hard nipples. 

I sighed, trying to catch by breath. "I don't know what's gotten into me today," I whispered. "I'm barely able to contain myself." 

"Your Master planned this for you?" Rose asked. 

"The poker game planned for later is a weekly occurrence, though usually on Thursday nights. Since everyone had the holiday off and Thursday is my last night of slavery, Master moved the game to Monday and extended the festivities to all day long, and invited all our parents. It's part of the reason I'm so edgy. Being a slave in front of them has me feeling like I'm on pins and needles. Have you ever been a slave in front of your parents?" I asked. 

"Never," Rose replied. "My parents are both dead. I've been on my own since I was seventeen, six years ago. You're not going to have to serve your parents, are you?" 

"Master says no," I replied, "though even the thought of fucking in front of them has me wound tighter than a three dollar watch." 

"I can only imagine." 

I was getting edgy, needing to cum again. I slowly lowered my hand from Rose's luscious breasts and hard peaked nipples down between our bodies, finding the soft, cum drenched folds of her cunt. 

"Again?" Rose asked as she parted her legs for my hand. 

"Yes, please," I answered as her hand sought me. 

I felt her fingers insinuate themselves in me and climaxed again, shivering on her fingers. After my fingers did the same for Rose, I checked the clock. 

"Quickly," I said. "Our time is up." One last quick kiss and we both got to our feet and rushed out to find Master. 

We found Master talking to his parents. He told Rose to assist the other slaves while he led me back to the bondage equipment. Despite having cum a number of times, I could feel myself creaming again, my body preparing to be fucked once more. The only question is who it would be. 

Ron had been fucked in the ass and he was still hard. Lisa's dad said he'd participated in orgies and fucked men before, so he was the likeliest suspect, but it could have been someone else, though who I hadn't a clue. Master released Slut and sent her to the showers with Sarah. Master fastened me in her place on the bench. 

Master asked if I was excited. I wanted to tell him to touch me and see for himself, but if he touched me, I'd cum and he would know what a horny slut I was. "Yes, Master," is all I said. 

Master said Sarah would make sure neither my parents nor his would fuck me today. He told me it could be anyone else, including Lisa's parents, and I wouldn't know who it was. I shivered. Lisa's parents were nearly as close to me as my own. They just weren't related by blood. Fuck! "Yes, sir," was all I said again. He fastened the blindfold around my head and I was in darkness and I climaxed a little again, taut with both suspense and desire. 

"I love you, slave," Master said. 

I couldn't believe what he'd done to give me my fantasy. "I love you, Master, and thank you for this." 

"You're welcome." 

He told Sarah he was leaving me in her hands so she'd returned from helping Slut. I wasn't alone for more than a half minute before a cunt descended on my mouth, while a cock probed my cunt. I climaxed. I was a fucking slave slut and I was going to be used. The cunt above my mouth orgasmed, drenching my face once more, the woman using me as excited as I was. The cock in my cunt kept pounding me, not yet ready to cum. I was; I orgasmed again, not even three minutes since my last one. I climaxed one more time before I felt the prick throbbing and inundating my pussy with sperm, some dripping down to join my own, leaking from my overwrought sheathe. Whoever it was pulled out, leaving my cunt bereft of cock for the moment. It didn't last long. Another cock pushed through my cum soaked folds, and another cunt descended on my mouth. The prick was so thick, it almost had to be one of the Strongs, but whether Edward or Rob, I didn't know. The cunt on my mouth tasted like Mistress Dark. I worked it like it was, not wanting to disappoint my teacher. 

She climaxed not long after she sat on my face. I'd done my appointed task to the best of my ability. The cock in my cunt pulled out and I wondered if I'd somehow missed his orgasm while pleasing who I suspected was Mistress Dark. But no, he wasn't done with me yet. He gathered some cum leaking from me and smeared it on my sphincter and I knew that big fucking cock would be filling my rectum. I climaxed before he even put it in me, just his fingers spreading my juice over my puckered star. The head of his massive cock pushed at the entrance to my back door and my rectum slowly parted for the invasion of my dark hole. I climaxed again. 

I heard Sarah whispering next to my ear. 

"Your parents and Scott's mom are watching you get fucked in the ass." I groaned. "Your dad is hard. He has a beautiful cock, Julia. I'm sure he wonders what it would be like to fuck you too." I shrieked and orgasmed again, palpitating over the cock in my ass. "He's bending your mother over the couch and sliding his cock into her cunt. If he can't fuck you, he needs to fuck somebody." 

Oh, God. My orgasm wouldn't end. The picture she painted in my mind combined with the cock in my ass having flipped some fucking switch in my brain. I imagined it was my father fucking my ass now. Not a Strong cock, but the one which created me. I spasmed over and over, losing count of how many times I climaxed. The cock in my bum pulsed and I felt my bottom fill with cum. When the throbbing ended, it withdrew, half the size of when it entered me. Cum was running down the crease of my ass. 

The fat cock filled my mouth and I tasted my ass on it, thankful I'd prepared for today by cleansing myself with Lisa. Another cock filled my cunt. Sarah gone silent, only my imagination left to me. It couldn't possibly be Dad's cock filling me now. Sarah wouldn't let him, but I still couldn't stop imagining it might be him and I orgasmed again, moaning like the bitch in heat I was. The cock in my mouth left it, clean. Five or more minutes the cock pounded my cunt, losing track of time while blindfolded, and I climaxed several more times. 

"Fuck me," I whimpered. "Fill my cunt with your cum, you fucking bastard." 

Like he was obeying a mere sex slave, he pulsed and another load of cum flooded my cunt. I screamed soundlessly. My mouth open, panting, but nothing coming out. He pulled out of me and his cock, coated with loads of creamy cum rubbed over my face and then into my mouth. I cleaned it off like the good little sex slave I was. When he was clean, it was gone. 

There was a pause, then Master was there. He removed my blindfold and I blinked in the sudden light. 

He asked me how I was doing. 

"Wonderful, sir," I answered. My body was filled with cum. I couldn't be any more wonderful. 

"How many times have you orgasmed?" He asked, releasing my legs. 

How many times? I'd lost track, one orgasm flowing after the other, an overheated sex slave cumming for her Masters. 

"I'm unsure Master," I answered. "I wasn't trying to keep track. More than twelve, maybe. Some of them were multiples and some so close together they could have been." Maybe more than two dozen if I was being honest about it. Terminally horny sex slave, I was. 

"Not bad for a thirty minute period," Master said. "Sarah is going to help you to her room. Ron is in ours at the moment." 

"Yes, Master." 

I wobbled, leaning on Sarah's arms, my legs not quite wanting to come together. I was afraid I was leaving a trail of cum, so put my hand over my crotch to hold it in. 

"Did you enjoy yourself, slave?" Sarah asked. 

"Yes, Mistress. More than I ever thought possible." 

"It was the wildest thing I've ever seen," she said. "Those Strong boys sure do have fat cocks, don't they?" 

"Yes, Mistress, very fat." 

"I'm going to see if I can get one of them to fuck me," Sara said. 

"You won't regret it, Mistress." I certainly didn't. 

Sarah left me at the shower and I washed myself as best I could. The shower had a spray nozzle on the end of a hose and I used at as best I could to rinse the cum from my cunt and ass. Finishing up, I dried off and went out to eat. I was starving like I'd skipped breakfast. I grabbed some food and Sandra came up to me to talk as I ate. 

"You looked like you were enjoying yourself, Julia," Sandy said. 

"Yes, Mistress. You watched me get fucked?" 

"I did. I wanted to know if you enjoyed it." If she watched, it would be foolish to deny how aroused I was and how much I orgasmed. Still I blushed. My mother-in-law watching me fuck men other than her son. 

"I enjoyed myself immensely, Sandra." 

"It looked like you did." How could it not. I'd screamed when I climaxed and begged to be fucked. I blushed a deeper red. 

"What are you going to do when your slavery is due to end? This week sometime, isn't it?" 

"Yes, Mistress. On Friday, when Master returns from work." What was I going to do. I didn't want to stop, but I knew I had to. 

"Do you think your husband wants to keep seeing you fuck other men?" 

"I suspect not, Mistress." Master valued the fidelity of his wife. His slave, maybe not quite as much, but I couldn't remain a slave forever. 

I saw Master leave for the living room. I hoped he was going to fuck Rose. I don't think he was one of the men to fuck me. I thought I would recognize his cock above all others, so unless he'd fucked Slut or Ron, God forbid, he'd yet to cum today. I sighed. As much as I wanted my slavery to continue, I had another reason to stop besides Master wanting my slavery done. Sandy watched me watching Master. 

"Do you care that he's going to fuck someone else, Julia?" 

I looked at her. "After what you just saw, do you think I could possibly begrudge my Master anything, Mistress? That I would deny him whatsoever he wanted after releasing me to become the slave I was always meant to be? Master let me be with Rose when the day began, I think as much to settle me down as for any other reason. I was hoping he'd fuck her because I enjoyed her too. I like both Gwen and Rose, but given the circumstances, I want him to fuck her." 

"This is so strange to me," Sandra said. "I don't know how you do it." 

"Master and I decided that anything done during my slavery by people over me, or anything he did to other slaves, didn't count in our marriage. It's like a time out. Master wouldn't fuck Sarah because she's not a slave. Nor will he fuck Regina, despite how much she might need someone to fuck her right now, because she's not a slave. As far as I'm concerned, any slave he fucks is fair game and something the slave deserves for her slavery and I hope Master will make her cum like he makes me cum; and how he's allowed me to cum on the cocks or mouths of others. Once my slavery is over, we go back to husband and wife." 

"Do you go back?" Sandy asked. "Do you suddenly forget how it feels to be fucked at both ends like you were today? Do you forget you've licked the cunt of your best friend? Does that go back the same as it was before? Just friends and next door neighbors?" 

"It has to," I whispered. "I have no choice." 

I was saved from further questions and hard answers by Jerry asking me to get him some food. It was my purpose to serve today, so I obeyed. I brought him some food and he gave me a drink, gin and tonic, good for a warm day in the sun. He also nuzzled my neck while rubbing his hands all over my body. 

"You look like you're having a good time, slave." 

"I am, Master." 

"I'm sorry I missed you when you were bound," he said, his voice a low rumble. "I need to make sure I win lots of money at the poker game tonight. I want to purchase your services." I squirmed in his arms, his fingers finding my secret places. "I don't know if I want your cunt or your ass more. They're both so delectable." I spasmed, fucking myself on his fingers, grinding my mons onto his work roughened hand. I panted and moaned, smothered by his kiss. 

When my orgasm ended, Dan asked me to bring him a beer. He was still working the grill though most people had finished eating. Jerry released me and I got Dan a beer from the cooler. My pussy was so hot I wanted to put the icy cold beer on it to cool me down, but thought it would be strange handing it to my father-in-law afterwards. I handed him the beer and he gave me a peck on the cheek. 

"It's been an unusual day, hasn't it?" 

Considering Dan, Sandy, Master, Sarah, Regina and Gwen's husband, Sherman were the only ones still wearing clothes of any kind out of the twenty-two people at the party and every slave had been fucked several times, I'd agree it was an unusual day. 

"Yes, Master. Very unusual." 

"How are you and Scott doing?" 

"I believe we're both doing well, Master Dan. Master said he was prepared for my slavery, and I've fantasized for years about a slavery like this." 

He nodded thoughtfully. "I hope you realize this is going to change your marriage in unexpected ways." 

"What ways, Master?" 

"I can't be sure," Dan said. "It's like letting a genie out of the bottle. Your wishes have unanticipated consequences. Once you've allowed other people into your marriage, it's hard to bar the gate again. Plus, you seem to have enjoyed your slavery. If you're a true submissive, as I suspect you are, going back to the old vanilla life will be difficult. When Sandy and I played at it, it was always there in the background. We did a fairly good job of behaving like a normal couple around the kids, but there's always been a submissive air about Sandy she can't totally suppress and I've got a streak of dominant in me. We could always come back to it on occasion, so we weren't stuck all in one world or the other. Today, it's been all I could do not to take one of the slaves over my lap and spank hell out of one of you. " 

"Why don't you, Master?" 

"Because it would lead to fucking and Sandy and I have never explored going outside the confines of our marriage. I would hope my marriage is strong enough to withstand a lot, but I've never wanted to test its limits. I love her too much to risk losing her." 

"Do you think Master and I risk losing one another?" 

"I can't answer that question for you. Don't know the answer. You'd know better than I." 

Chen called this slave before I could make answer. I brought him some salad and bourbon over ice at his command. He licked and sucked my breasts and nipples while he had my attention and I moaned, holding his head against my chest as he suckled me. I felt myself moisten some more. 

Mistress Dark called me next and told me to practice my skills, spreading her legs to show me what skills she referred to. I actually had no doubt what skills she wanted me to practice once she called me to her. I dipped between her legs and exercised what skills I'd gained since becoming a slave. It only took ten minutes and she was cumming. She pulled me up into her lap and licked some of her cum off my face. She began playing with my breasts and stroking other sensitive parts of my body. She understood a woman's body as well as anyone, though it took very little understanding to arouse me today. Mistress Dark noted Reggie and Margie watching us. Ron was sucking Reginald's cock. As they watched, Mistress Dark made me spread my legs and invited Marjorie to taste me. Marge licked my cunt while Mistress Dark stroked my breasts. I climaxed several times. I saw Master was watching me cum as Marjorie licked me and it made me cum harder. I squirmed uncontrollably. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 17|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-17|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<em>This is Part 2 of the Memorial Day Bash, with slaves and their clients playing with erotic dice. Every kind of sex you can think of occurs as a result. It also contains an incidence of punishment by spanking. As with all other parts of this story, STD's are not an issue.</em> 

<strong>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 17 - Memorial Day Bash, Pt 2</strong> 

SCOTT 

Watching my slave as she orgasmed on Margie's tongue nearly got me hard again. My cock wanted to make another appearance, but everyone had eaten at least some food and it was time for other things to happen. I collected the slaves present outside and told them to wrap and protect the food. Add more ice to keep the salads cool, and wrap or bag the rest of the food, leaving enough out people could continue to snack the day away, but protect the rest for supper for those staying. 

Once that started happening, I went in and collected Lisa and Reneé. Both of them looked well used. Even Reneé had cum leaking from her ass, but I hoped it wasn't one of the Strongs who'd left it there. I released them, kissed them both, told them to shower first, then report for duty by the pool. Lisa led Reneé to our shower to help her freshen up. 

While I waited for our last two slaves to join us, some of the guests had gone into the pool to cool off. I assigned each of the slaves to a slave station, Slut, Rose, Julia, Ron, Gwen in order, with the last two reserved for Lisa and Reneé. They came out clean and refreshed and I directed them to the last two slave stations. Reneé took the one closest to Gwen, seeking the comfort of the familiar and Lisa took the last one. I had to move a couple sex toy items to different places based upon the gender of the slave at the station. 

"May I please have everyone's attention," I said. "We're going to play with some dice at each of the seven slave stations, each with a different slave assigned to it. Both the slave and the person at the station will be given three dice. The slave will roll first. It will describe an action she has to perform on her client, let's say, and the location of the action, and how long from 1-6 minutes. It could be something like kiss breasts for three minutes. Or massage back for four minutes. The client also rolls three different dice and it says what he can do to the slave for whatever time he or she rolls. The clients proceed from station to station up the line, stopping at each one you wish to participate at. This continues until every slave as been with every client who was interested. You don't have to stop at any station, say for instance you weren't attracted to the person, or it was a family member, or a gender you weren't interested in doing something with, but if you roll the dice at a station, you'll be expected to perform whatever service you rolled. 

"When everyone has participated with the first set of dice, you may go through the line again with a second set of dice, in which the second set may require a more personal set of actions than the first set. You may then go a third time, with a third set of dice which might lead right up through spankings for the slave and intercourse for the clients, again, limited by the time set by the dice. I repeat again, a client may skip any station, and may stop at any level of the dice. The slaves will have no choice of who they serve, excepting no parent may use any child. I'll be telling you what the dice say before each level begins so you can choose to participate or not, but once you roll a set of dice at a slave station, you will be expected to perform that action at the station. For any of you who haven't had a chance to sample one of the slaves to this point, now's your chance. Sherman, you are welcome to participate in this game if you choose. Does anyone have any questions?" 

There were no questions, but a lot of eager assent to the process. I saw my parents looking at each other. I wondered what they would do. I pulled the first sets of dice for the first round from my pocket. 

"The dice for the slaves on round one are for the slave to lick, kiss, suck, massage, rub or touch one of the following body part; lips, chest, genitals, back, thighs or neck. The third dice just sets the time for from one to six minutes. In this level, it's possible for the slave to lick or suck your genitals or breasts, but it depends on what is thrown. The dice for the clients says to lick, kiss, suck, nibble, squeeze, or touch; the ears, lips, penis or vagina, nipples, ass or boobs, or thighs. If a client rolls this dice at Ron's station, you could be sucking his cock," Ron's cock twitched when I said this, "and if at Rose's, sucking her vagina. But it could just as easily be their ears or lips. The third dice says for how long. Does everyone understand the consequences of the first dice?" 

"What if you need to cum while any of this stuff is being performed?" Edward asked. 

"Then you cum, but when the timer goes off, you're done even if it's mid orgasm and it's not over yet. The same rules apply to the slaves. If you should happen to be sucking Ron's cock and he cums, you keep sucking until the time is up, then you stop." 

"He hasn't cum yet," Marjorie said. 

"Then when he does, you're going to get a bucketload of cum," I replied. 

"Let's get started," Rob said. 

"Since you're so eager, why don't you start. Here's your dice." I handed him the client's set, and I handed the slave set to Slut. 

"You can roll the dice here, or go to the next station and roll there," I said. 

"I'm definitely rolling at every station but Ron's," Rob said. 

"Slut, roll your dice," I said. She did and it said Touch Chest for three minutes. 

"Just my fucking luck," Rob said. 

"It didn't say how I was to touch your chest, Master. Lie down, please." 

Rob lay down and Slut rubbed her tits over his chest for all three minutes. Rob was starting to get a woody before the timer went off. Slut was rather generously endowed. 

"Not bad," Rob said. "Good one." 

He rolled his dice and it said to kiss thighs for two. She parted her legs and Rob proceeded to kiss her thighs as close to her cunt as he could without actually touching it. 

"Damn," he said. "I could have done that for another couple minutes." 

Slut handed her dice to Rose and she rolled her dice. Kiss neck for two minutes. Rose proceeded to kiss his neck for two minutes and when she was done, his cock was almost fully hard. Rob rolled his again and his said, touch ear for one minute. He lightly stroked Rose's ear and she got goose bumps. Must have sensitive ears, I thought. 

Rose handed her dice to my slave. Julia rolled. Massage genitals for four minutes. She had him sit on her lounge and proceeded to stroke his cock and balls. His cock was a granite block when he finished. Rob rolled and got nibble nipples for six. They switched places again and Rob munched down on her tender buds and Julia had a climax, the first of the game, just from having her nipples orally stimulated. 

"I'm loving this game," Rob said. 

"Me too, Master," Julia said, panting. 

Julia gave Rob the slave dice to give to Gwen while she waited the next guest. Gwen rolled massage back for three and Rob laid down while Gwen rubbed his back until the time went off. Rob rolled and got lick nipples for two minutes. 

"More nipples," Rob said, "Mmmm, good." So Gwen got her nipples licked for two. The were proud peaks when he finished. 

Gwen handed the dice to Reneé. She rolled Kiss lips for four. Rob and Reneé kissed for four minutes. 

"You are a very good kisser, Master Rob," she said, flushed. Rob rolled and got touch thighs for five. He lightly stroked Reneé's thighs for five minutes. Her inner labia were moist when Rob finished. Apparently better at more things than just kissing. 

The last one up was Lisa. She rolled kiss back for two minutes. She had Rob lie down and trailed a kiss down his spine from his neck to his buns, then back up again. Rob rolled another lick nipples for four. Lisa's nipples were wet and shiny when Rob was finished. 

Sarah came up to me. "This isn't going to work the way we planned," she said. "It's going to take too long and any arousal a slave is able to feel will be gone before the next client comes around. We've got to speed this up." 

"What would you suggest?" 

"Rob is done. Have him roll the dice for both a slave and client. Everyone at each slave station will do the same thing for the same amount of time, then move down to the next, until everyone who wanted to participate has gone to every station, then a new batch comes in and it starts over." 

"Great suggestion. Let's do it." I gave her a quick kiss on the cheek. 

"Sarah has made an excellent suggestion which I'd like to implement immediately to speed up the game. Everyone who wants to participate, find a slave you wish to participate with until all the slave stations are filled. Rob will roll the dice for both the slave and the client. All slaves will then do as they have to do at once, the client will do what they need to do at the same time afterward, then everyone slide down to the next slave and Rob will roll the dice again. When you've been to every slave station, a new group will replace that one and it will start again. So pick a slave." 

Reggie, Marge, Edward, Chen, Mistress Dark, Sarah and Jerry found a slave station. Marge was at Ron's station and Reginald at Julia's. I gave the dice to Rob and he rolled for the slaves. Kiss genitals for five minutes. The clients loved this. Rose gave Mistress Dark the second climax of the day, and Marge seemed close. All of the men were sporting hard-ons when the slaves were done. The clients got to suck thighs for three. Ron, Julia and Lisa all had hickeys close to their genitals when the sucking was done. 

Everyone slid down a place. Reggie was willing to do whatever the dice said at Ron's station, and Mistress Dark was happy with Julia. Marge was at Gwen's. I knew she was willing to do whatever to anyone. Rob rolled again. The slaves got touch back for one, an easy one for them. They stroked the back of their client for a minute. The clients dice said they needed to kiss ass or boobs for five minutes. All the girl slaves had their boobs kissed, Julia climaxing again. Reggie kissed Ron's ass, even going so far as to spread his cheeks and kiss the star. 

They switched again and Edward had Julia and Mistress Dark had Ron. Rob rolled kiss thighs for two minutes. Julia kissed Edwards thighs, moving his cock from side to side to kiss the top of his thighs. The clients got lick ear for four. The clients were fairly disgusted at this roll of the dice, but Edward solved this problem to his satisfaction by having Julia sit in his lap while he licked her ears. A number of the others copied Edward. Julia's ears are sensitive and she got goose bumps and squirmed delightfully in Edward's lap. His lap was wet when the timer ended. 

Another switch and Chen was at Julia's station. Edward declined Ron's and I wasn't horribly surprised by this. I doubted Edward had a bisexual bone in his body. Rob rolled again for the slaves. Kiss chest for five. Slut gave Marge her first orgasm of the game. I was sure Slut knew how to pleasure a woman's chest. Rose gave Sarah her first. Rose didn't lack skill in pleasuring women either. Her Mistress would have seen to that. So far, only the women were getting orgasms from the game, but it was probably for the best. The men would have a difficult time getting hard again. Chen's cock was rock hard as Julia kissed him all over his chest, licking his nipples. Mistress Dark was panting when Gwen was done kissing her chest, but she didn't climax. The clients got touch ear for one minute and that went by quickly, everyone eager for the next roll. 

Switching again, Sarah was at Julia's station and she stroked her cheek. "I hope you have to lick my genitals for six minutes, slave, she said." Chen also skipped Ron's station. Rob rolled and the slaves got rub genitals for four. "Almost as good," Sarah said. Julia proceeded to rub Sarah's cunt for four minutes and Sarah was panting before the time expired; her cunt flowered and wet. The three minutes expired and Rob rolled for the clients. Suck nipples for three. Sarah returned the favor for Julia and suckled her nipples for three minutes and Julia was just as hot and bothered as Sarah had been. 

Everyone switched again. Sarah wasn't turning down Ron and took her place at his station and Jerry was at Julia's. Rob rolled the dice and the slaves got rub thighs for five. Julia lightly stroked Jerry's thighs from his knees to the juncture of his legs and back, the backs of her hands pushing against his sack each time she came up. His cock was twitching, but he never quite orgasmed before time expired. Rob rolled again and the clients all got nibble penis or vagina for six minutes. Mistress Dark asked Sarah if she wanted Ron to cum in her mouth. Sarah replied "why not?" He hadn't cum once all day and probably deserved the relief since he'd been hard since he got here. 

"Ron," Mistress Dark said. "You can cum after three minutes. Scott, tell him when three minutes has passed." 

I glanced at Regina to see how she was taking this information. She was paying attention now. This was her husband after all, the new slave. I started the timer and everyone started. A couple of the women slaves had almost immediate orgasms. Julia and Rose cumming almost from the moment Jerry and Marge started nibbling. I was watching my timer and when three minutes passed, I called it, watching what would happen to Ron. His cock started to spurt like a geyser had gone off. Sarah's mouth was overwhelmed with the volume. Swallow as she could, Sarah couldn't contain it all. Cum started dripping out of her mouth and around his cock. I swear at least a half cup of his sperm must have shot out of his shaft. Sarah's eyes showed her shock at the sheer magnitude of his release. He'd been saving it up for who knew how long. I swear his cock was still trying to spurt when I called time after another three minutes. Every one of the other slaves climaxed before six minutes was up, so the slaves all enjoyed themselves immensely. Julia and Rose both orgasmed a second time, having five minutes to work up to the second one. 

One more switch and this group was done. Marge took over for Jerry at Julia's station. Where Julia had started with the husband, she'd be finishing with the wife. Poor Ron was skipped by Jerry, but he didn't seem to care. Some cum was still rolling down his shaft. I'd never seen anything like it. Sarah had to take a drink of beer before taking her place at Gwen's station to wash some of the cum down. When Rob rolled the dice, the slave had to lick lips for five minutes. 

Marjorie asked, "When it says, 'lick lips', is it talking about these lips," and she pointed to her mouth, "or these lips?" pointing to her vagina. 

"Yes," Mistress Dark said, "I'd like a ruling from the referee. What say you, Scott?" 

"If you have both kinds of lips, I think it should be up to the client," I said. 

"Yes!" Margorie said, doing an arm pump. 

"No, fair," Chen said. 

"If you want your other pair of lips licked," Sarah said, "you can always have gender reassignment surgery, but I doubt you want the other parts of being a woman; like the sex discrimination, the lack of pay equity, your treatment as a sex object, etc.; so quit whining." 

Chen shut up and all three women clients had orgasms from having their other lips licked, Marjorie having her previous licking of my wife returned. The clients assignment was to kiss nipples for two. Julia was close to another orgasm when Marjorie finished. 

It was time for another change in clients. Mary and Harold joined this time, starting at Ron and Gwen respectively. I was surprised to see my parents join as well, Mom starting at Reneé, and Dad with Lisa. Was this something they really wanted to do, or did they want to avoid appearing like party poopers. I'm sure Lisa was nervous as hell. She was a frequent visitor when my parents visited. They didn't remove their clothes though and I wondered how they'd handle that when the time came. I removed my clothes and started with Slut and Sherman started at Rose. He was still dressed. Regina joined in, starting with Julia. Her next one was Ron and I wondered what she'd do when it was time to switch. I handed the timer to Mistress Dark, knowing she'd be scrupulously impartial with it. 

"This is no fair," Mary said. "His cock isn't hard anymore," pointing to Ron's limp noodle. 

Mistress Dark said, "Slave, if you know what's good for you. You'll get another erection." 

Damned if his cock didn't start growing and he had another erection within two minutes. 

"You may not have another orgasm without permission from me," Mistress Dark said and Ron answered, "Yes, Mistress." 

The rest of us kind of looked at one another. I think even Regina was starting to recognize the possible benefits of a well trained slave, possibly able to fuck for hours without cumming, then cum on command. 

"Roll the dice, Rob," she said, and the slaves got their next assignment. Massage lips for three. Mary took advantage of the lower lips option, and she was highly aroused when Ron finished. Mom did not. Reneé massaged Mom's lips with her fingers, then kissing for a minute, massaging lips with lips. Slut chose to massage my lips with hers, so we kissed for three minutes. When Rob rolled the dice again, I got lick thighs for five. I licked Slut's thigh for five minutes and I could smell her arousal. I was sure if I touched her cunt, she'd be able to cum. She mewled when I got close, then moved away again. It wasn't following the rules to lick her cunt. She'd have to wait to cum. I saw both of my parents had licked the thighs of their slaves. Reneé's and Lisa's thighs glistened. So far, nothing completely off the charts had been required of them. I'd seen Regina licking between Julia's legs. So far, Regina had received the oral attentions of a woman, but never reciprocated. Apparently, she was willing to find out. She hadn't done it yet, but she'd been damn close. 

We switched. I was at Rose, Sherman was with my wife, and Regina had moved down to Ron. She wasn't ignoring him, anyway. Mom was with Lisa and Dad was with Slut. The slaves got touch genitals for three minutes. I wondered what my parents would do now. While Rose touched my cock and balls, I looked around to see what else was happening. Slut reached through Dad's pants and stroked his cock, pulling it out when it got hard. Julia was doing the same with Sherman, but he didn't get hard, though he seemed to enjoy her touching him, moaning as she fondled his equipment. Lisa had her hand under Mom's dress and was rubbing back and forth. Mom looked happy with what was happening. Ron was massaging Regina's cunt with a finger inserted and she nearly climaxed before the timer went off. My cock was hard when Rose was done. She'd been well trained to pleasure anyone. When Rob rolled again, I got kiss nipples for six minutes. Rose's nipples weren't as sensitive as Julia's, but she was panting hard when I was done. Slut climaxed for my Father and Sherman made my wife cum too. Lisa didn't cum but she was squirming hard with Mom kissing her nipples. This had to be the craziest thing I'd ever done or witnessed. 

This time, when we switched, I had my own slave. Sherman passed on Ron, Dad had Rose, and Mom had Slut. Lisa had Julia's dad, Harold, another frequent visitor to our house who Lisa knew well. 

"Are you enjoying yourself, slave?" I asked. 

"Yes, Master," she panted, still coming down off her orgasm with Sherman. 

"I hope I get to lick your cunt for six minutes, slave." 

"I hope I get to suck your cock for the same length of time, Master." 

"I'll cum if you do." 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"Your slave would welcome your seed, Master." 

She would. She really would, no longer thrown off by the texture of my cum, she'd swallow every drop I gave her. 

Rob rolled the dice. Touch chest for four minutes. There went my blow job. She did what Slut did with Rob. She had me lie down on the chaise and rubbed her breasts all over my chest. Slut was rubbing my Mom's breasts over her clothes. Rose slipped her hands inside my Dad's shirt was lovingly stroking his chest, fondling his nipples with her thumbs as she did. Lick lips for five. Slut, Rose and Julia all chose their nether lips to be licked. I wondered if Mom had ever done anything like it before, but she dived right in. Dad had no problem doing the same to Rose. Even Regina was licking Gwen's cunt, though not well enough to give her an orgasm. It wasn't six minutes, but I'd gotten my wish. I gave Julia another orgasm. Slut had been close to cumming when I licked her thighs. She climaxed on Mom's mouth, as did Rose. Dad apparently knew his way around a pussy. Lisa also climaxed on Harold's tongue, holding him against her cunt as she spasmed hard. Having him lick her just twisted enough to send her way over the edge. 

It was time to switch again. I passed on Ron, Dad couldn't do Julia, but Mom moved over to Rose. Julia's Mom was on Lisa. Sherman was with his own wife. Since I had some time to burn, I asked Dad why he and Mom decided to play. 

"I guess we figured if your marriage was strong enough to take what we've seen today; ours could take a little of this." 

"Has Mom ever been with a woman before?" I asked. 

"None of your business, son. She's been with one now, so what difference does it make?" 

I shrugged my shoulders. "Just curious is all. Is Mom going to stop at Ron's station?" 

"I left it up to her what she does or doesn't do. She can do what she wants." 

"Would you care?" 

"Not sure. Might depend on what she ends up having to do. I'll try to keep an open mind." 

While we were talking, Rob had rolled the dice. Lick chest for two. Mom opened her shirt and the front clasp of her brassiere and allowed Rose to lick her breasts. Even in two minutes, Mom was breathing hard. I didn't ask Dad; figuring he'd tell me it was none of my business, but she had to have responsive breasts to respond that quickly. Gwen removed Sherman's shirt and licked his chest. When Rob rolled again, it was touch genitals for six minutes. Touching genitals left a lot open for interpretation. You could just touch the outside, do some light stroking, or go for broke and try to give someone an orgasm. Wondering what Mom would do, I saw her stick two fingers in Rose and finger fuck her to an orgasm. Lisa was having another one as well, cumming on Mary's fingers. Mom fed her fingers to Rose to lick off when time expired. Sherman used his fingers well on Gwen. She climaxed twice in their six minutes together. He obviously knew his wife's triggers well. Why the hell wouldn't he do this for her normally? 

Switching again, I was with Gwen, Sherman with Reneé and Regina was with Lisa, another long time friend. Regina had done everything else so far, even to giving Reneé an orgasm on her fingers, better with her hands than her tongue, apparently, or more practiced if she masturbated herself. Both Mom and Dad were out this time. I saw them talking to each other. 

"Are you having a good time, Gwen?" I asked. 

"Yes, Master," breathlessly, still unwinding from her two orgasms. I would have liked asking her about Sherman, but he was right next to me, so inappropriate to ask in front of him. 

Rob rolled the dice again. Touch neck for three minutes. Gwen stroked one side of my neck while nuzzling the other side with her lips. "Thank you, Master," she whispered softly. "That was the first orgasm Sherman has given me in over a year." 

My task was to kiss nipples, but only for a minute. I was disappointed it wasn't longer. I liked Gwen's nipples a lot. Shit! This was a quick station. We switched again. Sherman was on Lisa, I was on Reneé, Dad on Gwen. Mom was going to do Ron's station. Dad seemed unconcerned; maybe the topic of their conversation. Julia's Dad would have been on her, which meant she was without company again. I was glad I'd given her an orgasm as she was going to do without a client four straight times. I should make sure my parents and hers weren't together again, maybe go in different groups, if they continued to play dice. Her Dad was talking to her though, speaking softly. 

We waited for the roll. Suck thighs for three. Dad and I took on the co-workers, both of them squirming as we worked our magic on their tender inner thighs. Mom was doing the same to Ron, close enough to his junk to make his cock quiver as she tenderly sucked his thighs. He still had a lot of cum on himself from his fucking explosion in Sarah's mouth and I'm sure Mom was tasting some of it. 

Mistress Dark called time and Rob rolled the clients dice. Touch penis or vagina for four. 

Mistress Dark asked Mom if she'd like Ron to cum on her hands. 

"You can make him do that?" Mom asked. 

"Yes, at any time you want from the moment you touch him until the time you remove your hands, or not at all." 

"I'd like him to cum after one minute, please," testing, I was sure, to see if she could. 

"You will cum after one minute, slave," Mistress Dark said, "and not a moment before nor a moment after." 

Dad and I looked at one another. Thank God I didn't take her up on her offer to be trained. She said I'd be harder to control, which made me wonder how submissive Ron was. Could someone be trained to cum on command like this. 

Mistress Dark started the timer and Mom started stroking Ron's cock. He was hard as flint. I inserted two fingers into Reneé's cunt and started tickling her g-spot while stroking her clit with the other hand. Mistress Dark called the one minute mark and cum appeared as if by magic, rolling over my Mother's fingers as she stroked him. Not near the amount he'd released the first time, but still an impressive amount. Mom rubbed it into his cock and balls. Some sperm was still spilling out at the two minutes mark, though it was gone a few seconds later. Both Gwen and Reneé climaxed, within seconds of one another, though closer to four than three minutes, let alone one. Lisa was cumming beside me, Sherman doing as well with her as he did with his wife. I'd have to talk to him later and find out what his deal was. 

We switched again and I was with my other slave, Lisa. Dad was with Reneé, Mom with Gwen, and Julia's Dad, Harold, was with Ron. He wasn't skipping him, much to my surprise. We now knew her Mom and Dad was in an open marriage, but I didn't think it extended to men. I shook my head in wonder. How the hell could this day get any crazier? Rob rolled the dice. Suck genitals for six minutes. Good, I really needed to cum. Mom had Gwen lie back on the chaise and she removed her underwear and got over Gwen's face. Dad let Reneé remove his cock and start sucking. It was half hard to start but was fully formed in a minute and a mouthful for Reneé. She struggled to get more than three inches into her mouth. Lisa had no trouble getting all of me down her throat and Ron wasn't having a problem with Julia's father either. 

Julia and her mother were sitting together on Julia's chaise and watching her father and Mary's husband get all of his root sucked by Ron. Apparently Ron was a pro at what he was doing; Harold was the first to cum. Regina climaxed next on the expert cunt licking of Rose. I climaxed next, shortly before Dad. Mom climaxed on Gwen's tongue. Slut was working hard on Sherman's cock. He never got an erection but he climaxed anyway, just before the timer went off. Gwen missed it, her face still buried under Mom's skirt and in her cunt. I wondered if she knew her husband could still orgasm without an erection. Rob rolled again and we got touch nipples for three minutes. I did my best to make Lisa cum, but three minutes wasn't enough this time, no matter how I touched them. 

The second the timer went off, Rob jumped up. "Thank you, Jesus, it's my turn again." 

"Why don't we take a brief break," I said, "use the facilities, grab some refreshments, and the slaves haven't had a respite since this started. Make it twenty and we'll get started again." 

They all wandered off, Julia leading all the slaves to our bathroom, everyone else using one of the others in the house. 

I pulled my parents aside for a moment. "If you're going to continue into the next round, I'd like you to make sure you aren't in the same group as Julia's parents. For four straight people she had to be ignored because of family ties." 

"Whether or not we continue," Dad said, "might depend on the next set of dice." 

"I understand," I said; "we'll go over the contents of those dice as well before we start." 

"That's fine," Mom said. "Just want you to know you're pushing some of our boundaries at the moment." 

"Understandable. I've been pushing mine for over two weeks and I had time to get used to the possibilities." 

****** 

JULIA 

I let all the slaves into our bathroom to take care of things. We all took a very brief shower, both to cool off and to rinse some of the sex off. We only had twenty minutes, not a lengthy time for full cleanliness. The shower could hold three people comfortably, so I showered with Slut and Rose. Gwen, Lisa and Reneé showered together, leaving Ron to shower alone. This was practically the first time all day I'd seen him without an erection. That took about twelve minutes. As we were drying off, Rose asked me about the next set of dice. I told her I knew nothing about the dice before today, so her guess was as good as mine. We each had time to have a quick drink to rinse our mouths, then back to our slave stations. Mistress Dark ordered Ron to get an erection again. Up he sprang. 

When everyone was back by the pool, Master explained what was on the next set of dice. 

"This is considered a mid-level set of dice", Master said, "slightly more risqué than the last set. Both parties will use the same set of dice, the first roll for the slaves, the second for the client. The choices are to lick or kiss, tease, suck on, rub or stroke or use toy, or a choice of any of the above which is the throwers choice, the neck, chest, genitals, anus, thighs or choice of any of the above which would be the receivers choice. So if it's the slave's roll and they roll two wild cards, they choose the action and the client chooses the body part, and vice versa if it's the client roll. You'll notice the anus is specifically included in this set of dice which is what raises the ante over the last set, and toys are now included. You'll see a selection next to each of the slave stations. Everything else remains the same. If there are no questions about the rules, we can get started." 

Rob found his way in front of me to start, eager to go again. Lisa's parents were next in line for me. Sarah was on Ron, Chen, and then my parents again. Master looked at me and smiled. I smiled back, already getting wet again in anticipation, then he rolled the dice for the slaves. He called it out; rub or stroke, the cock or vagina for four minutes, leaping right into the action. I looked up at Rob and he seemed quite happy with the throw. I was a lowly sex slave, born to please a Master. I lovingly stroked his cock and balls for four minutes. Rob had not been involved in the action for quite awhile and at first I thought he would cum, but I think he was trying to hold back because this was just the start of the action. When the timer expired, all of the men were in various states of erection and the women's pussies glistened in the sun. It was the clients turns and Master said you may use your choice of action on the genitals of the slave for three minutes; already a wild card. As far as I could tell, most of the clients chose to lick or kiss the genitals, but Reggie used the toy on Rose. He used a vibrator on her clit and she climaxed before the three minutes were up. Rob used his mouth on me and I climaxed as well, sooner, a taut bundle of nerves just waiting to cum. Master smiled as he watched me cum on Rob's tongue. 

The clients switched, and Reginald was standing in front of me. The ice had been broken the last round we played. I'd kissed Reggie's genitals for five minutes and he'd licked my thighs as close to my cunt as he could and still call it thigh. Then I'd licked Margie to an orgasm after which she sucked my nipples for two. There was an extra erotic thrill to be with Lisa's parents. We'd seen them so frequently over the years and they almost seemed as close to me as mine, but they weren't blood by birth or marriage, so there were no restrictions on their use of me. Still it gave me a naughty thrill none of the others did because they seemed so much like my own parents. Master rolls the dice and it comes up slaves choice, cock or vagina for three minutes. Feeling the extra tingle of wickedness from sucking Lisa's father's cock, I sucked him deep in my throat. Rose had prepared him by stroking his cock and balls before me, I finished him off. Inside two minutes he was grunting as his sperm flooded my mouth. I had enough time remaining before the timer expired to extract the last of his cum and clean his cock. He'd be going Ron's station limp. 

The dice was rolled again and it came up with use toy on genitals for six. Reggie picked up a vibrator from my table and as he made me watch his face; for the next six minutes, proceeded to use it on my cunt and I orgasmed twice more, turning my pussy into a swamp. He dipped a finger in me and tasted it and I nearly climaxed again. 

The clients switched once more, and I was faced with Marjorie again. 

"Did you like making my husband cum?" She asked. 

"Yes, Mistress," I admitted. 

"Do you realize you've made everyone in my family cum except Lisa's brother?" 

It was true. Lisa's brother was now the only one of her family I hadn't made cum. Thank God he wasn't here today. Master rolled the dice and was to lick and kiss thighs for two minutes. Her pussy had been rubbed by Slut and licked by Rose. Her cunt was pungent with arousal, but she'd not be finished off by me this time. I kissed her thighs for two minutes, inhaling her scent. The dice were rolled again, and Master called out, clients choice on the chest for four minutes. 

Marjorie said, "I've already sucked your nipples; what else do we have here?" She found vibrating nipple clamps on the table. "This looks interesting." She pinched the top of my right nipple and stretched it to put the clamp on, then did the same with the other. They weren't harsh clamps, but they did pinch, but when she turn on the vibrations, I didn't care. I moaned. 

"Interesting," Marge said. "I might have to get some of these." My back was arching. "Are you going to cum, dear?" 

"I think so, Mistress. It may be a race to the end of the timer. Hmmm. My nipples are so sensitive." 

"Mine too. I love to have them sucked." 

The buzzing went on for a couple minutes and I climaxed, my chest and cunt tingling. My Dad was next. He had to skip me, but his cock was hard. It was hard not to look at it. Because of my parents, I missed tease, your choice, and dad could have teased my cunt on his turn. I was already wet, but I could have squelched to think of him playing with my cunt. Mom climaxed beside me when Rose chose her cunt to tease. Mom teased her right back, returning the favor. When Mom was by my station, the two rolls rub or stroke neck for two minutes. I could actually do that without being a total pervert, so I rubbed her neck for two. Her roll would have been her choice to my vagina for five. 

"Sorry, dear. That one's out of bounds." 

It wasn't out of bounds for Ron and my Dad. Dad chose to suck and Ron fed him his cock. Mistress Dark asked Dad if he wanted Ron to cum. My father shook his head yes and at Mistress Dark's command, Ron was cumming in Dad's mouth. Mistress Dark told Ron to get hard again so my Dad was sucking Ron's erection once more before the timer went off. 

I asked Mom while Dad was cleaning Ron's cock, "Dad has never done this before, why is he doing it today?" 

"It gives him an opportunity to see what it's like without pressure. He's wondered what it would be like but didn't want to do it when it would be expected. Plus, the longest it would have to go on is six minutes, either way. It's a non-threatening way to see if he likes it." 

"Don't you care if he wants to suck someone's cock?" 

"You mean as opposed to me sucking someone's cock, or him licking another woman's cunt? We've already determined we can see other people. Does it make much difference who we want to see?" 

"What if he decides he prefers men?" I asked. 

"Then I have a multitude of other people to have sex with. I'm no longer stuck with him alone. What part of open marriage don't you understand? We only have sex with each other a couple times a month anymore. I wouldn't be missing him much if he decided he never wanted to fuck me again. I doubt that's the case though. I doubt he'd give up women entirely even if he decides he likes sucking the occasional prick." 

My mind was blown; officially. Did I ever really know who my parents were as people? 

Chen was next for me. His prick was hard and erect. His face was covered in Rose's cum. She'd chosen licking for her choice. Master rolled the dice. Use toy on chest for two minutes. Chen's nipples weren't large enough to fasten nipple clamps to, so I used a vibrator and ran it all over his chest for two minutes, paying most of my attention to the tiny bumps of his nipples. They did get hard from the stimulation. Ron was doing the same to my Mom, as was Rose to Sarah. All three were possessors of proud peaks when we were finished. Chen got rub or stroke my genitals for six minutes. I laid back, spread my legs, and prepared to cum. Two fingers of his right hand went into my pussy and found the g-spot which he lightly scraped with his fingertips. He used the thumb and middle finger of his left hand to pull back the hood of my clit, exposing all of the tiny spike. His index finger rubbed over the very tip, demanding I orgasm. I didn't deny him, cumming twice and ready to cum again when Master called time. Chen went to Ron's station and he looked like he might participate this time going to participate this time, but eventually passed. He skipped Ron last time, too, but appeared curious about the differences between men and women. 

Sarah was the last one of this group. Her fingers were wet from Rose's cunt. She fed them to me to clean off. 

"You're loving this shit aren't you, slave?" 

"Yes, Mistress, I am." 

"I hope you have to lick my cunt for six minutes." 

"I do too, Mistress." We'd soon find out. 

It was half right and the time was off. "Lick anus for four minutes." 

I'd now sucked three cocks which had fucked my cleansed asshole, but I'd never done a rim job on one before, though Jerry had done Lisa for fifteen minutes during the first poker game. The clients parted their cheeks for the slaves to reach their crinkled stars, and I was staring at Sarah's rosebud. In for a penny, in for a pound, I thought and as the timer started, my tongue reached out and began licking the ridged hole. Except for the textured surface, it was like licking any other part of her skin except her creamy cunt. Kind of like licking her puckered nipples if they were inverted. 

Her sphincter remained tight, a locked door for the first minute, gradually loosening a little as Sarah relaxed on my tongue. After a couple minutes, I decided to see if I could push my tongue into the hole to see what would happen. Sarah startled, then squirmed over my face. I didn't push too deeply, but what little I did was like touching a live wire for Sarah. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"I'm going to cum," she whispered, writhing over my tongue. I patted her bottom, letting her know it was okay and she bathed my chin in her cum, her rectum clamping shut and pushing my tongue out. I continued laving the outside as she shuddered through her orgasm. 

"That was unexpected," Sarah said when the timer went off. 

"Yes, Mistress," I replied. 

Master rolled the dice for the clients. "Suck on slaves choice for five minutes." 

"I would like you to suck on my cunt, Mistress." 

"Of course you would," Sarah laughed. 

Master started the timer. I noticed that Sarah had become much better at pleasing this slave since the first time she'd licked my pussy. She'd continued practicing since she'd been here. I easily orgasmed before she was done and her chin was as messy as mine was. 

It was time to change over again. Rob took over rolling dice duties again while Chen took over the timer. Master started with Slut, Edward with Rose, Regina with me, Mistress Dark with Ron, Sherman with his wife, and Master's parents were going to participate on this level again and Dan had Reneé and Sandy, Lisa. Jerry would be the only one left. 

Rob rolled the dice and I had use toy on chest for five minutes. I put the nipple clamp vibrators on Regina's nipples. Since I had nothing else better to do, I held Regina in my lap and whispered in her ear. 

"Have you licked anyone's cunt, Mistress?" 

"Yes," she whimpered. 

"Did you make them cum?" I asked. 

"No," she said. 

"I want you to make me cum, Mistress. With your mouth preferably, but I'll take anything I can get. I've cum so many times today. How about you?" I stroked her side, from her hips to beside her breasts, my fingers resting on the slopes. 

"Yes, I've cum." 

"Are you going to cum now?" I asked, stroking the bottom of her boobs. 

"Maybe." 

"I'd like to make you cum," I whispered, "like when Lisa licked your cunt and I licked your nipples. Do you remember?" 

"Yes," she answered, quivering. 

"Did you tell your husband, Ron, you had sex with two women, or is that our little secret?" 

Ron was right beside me, not three feet away, but I was whispering so softly in her ear, he couldn't hear over the buzzing of the vibrators everyone was using. She was shaking harder. 

"It's our secret." 

"Of course, he's seen you with a lot of slave girls today. Do you think he cares?" 

"I don't know." 

"If you take over as his dominant, he'll never have sex with anyone you don't want him to have sex with. You'll control him. You've seen how well behaved he is, how he gets an erection on command and cums when you want. He could be yours to control," I whispered. I touched the tops of her nipples and Regina orgasmed, shuddering strongly. I left the vibrator on. We still had a several seconds to go, maybe half a minute. 

"As a dominant, you not only control Ron, but you control yourself. You can have sex with whoever you want while Ron watches, helpless. Men, women. It wouldn't matter. Think about the possibilities. I know you have some dominant in you. I watched how you fucked Gwen in the ass with a strap-on. You could do it, you know." 

The timer went off. I removed the nipple clamps and Regina got off my lap. Rob called out, "Clients will suck on slaves nipples for two minutes." Damn, I wanted to cum again. I could cum from having my nipples sucked, but it would take longer than two minutes. Hopefully, Edward would be able to finish the job. I did enjoy having Regina lave my nipples for a couple minutes, but it only made me want to cum more. Everyone switched slave stations again. I looked at Edward. His shaft was hard. Rob rolled the dice and said, "Slaves will suck on clients choice for four minutes." Edward chose his cock. Big surprise there. 

I was feeling like a naughty girl. "Master Edward, are you going to fuck my mouth and make me swallow your cum while my husband watches?" 

Edward's cock twitched. So did Master's, right in front of Rose. Hell yes, he'd flood my mouth with his cum, after I reminded him my Master was right beside him. He'd barely be able to contain himself. From the looks of things, so would Master. I opened wide and Edward worked his sausage down my throat. I wanted him to hold my head and fuck my throat, but he was too shy to do it with Master right beside me, so I grabbed his buns and fucked my own face, sliding his monster shaft back and forth. He finally got the hint and grabbed my head, pounding himself into my face. My hands now free, I fondled his sack, encouraging him to cum, practically begging him despite my inability to speak. Three and a half minutes in and I felt him swell and a surprising amount of cum flooded my mouth, too much to easily swallow with his cock filling my throat and it started spilling out around his cock and down my chin, joining Sarah's from the last group. I had just enough time to completely clean his shaft before the time expired. Regina had cum on Ron's tongue, just beside me. So had Master. Rose hadn't been as messy as I was. Every drop captured in her mouth. Edward pulled out and I wiped my chin of the stray drops, and licked my fingers clean. 

Rob rolled the dice again. "Lick or kiss the slave's choice for six minutes." 

"Lick my cunt, Master Edward," I said. "Make a needy slave girl cum." 

Edward was not the cunt licking aficionado of Rose, or Lisa, or even Master's caliber, but he was good enough to make me cum in six minutes. Twice in fact. Of course, I was a cum hungry slave who was always ready to cum. Sometimes I needed very little to make me orgasm. With Master beside me, I decided to egg him on. 

"Master Edward, you're so good at licking my cunt. You're making me cum." Everyone needed a little encouragement, and he could get better. "You make me feel so good. I'm going to cum again, sir. Keep doing that, oh yes, perfect, don't stop. I'm cumming again." It must have worked. He seemed to get better just from start to finish. The timer went off and he had to stop. "Thank you, Master Edward. You were incredible." 

It was time to move and Edward left me, skipping Ron. 

"Hello, Master," I said as he joined me. 

"Why do I feel that little performance was just for me," Master said. 

"Did it work, sir," I laughed. 

"Oh, yes," he said. "I'll probably have to think of some deviltry to try out on you as a result." 

"Then my plan succeeded, Master." 

Rob had shaken and called out, "Slaves to lick or kiss chest for three minutes." 

"Too bad it's only your chest, Master, but you probably can't get hard again so soon anyway. Not like Ron. Perhaps I should send you to Mistress Dark's so I can have an erection any time I want." 

I started licking and kissing his chest. Rose was doing the same for Sandra. Rose knows how to please women so Sandy was enjoying every second. The three minutes expired. Rob called out, "Lick or kiss anus for five minutes. Slaves pull back your legs." 

I wondered if Master's Mom had ever licked anyone's anus before? Or for that matter, Dan? Well, they'd soon be licking Rose's and Slut's bottom. I pulled my legs back exposing my back door. Master began licking my star. 

"Mmmm, Master. Do you remember doing this before you fucked my ass for the first time during my slavery. You have a very talented tongue, Master. Do you think you can push it up into my rectum. I cleaned it out today, just so I would be prepared for anyone's use of my anus." 

He pushed at the opening with his stiffened tongue. I resisted at first, unconsciously, then slowly relaxed and felt him push past the barrier. 

"Very nice," I moaned. "Perfect, in fact. I think you're going to make your slave cum again." I shivered. 

His hands were resting on my legs, helping me hold them down and apart. His thumbs started lightly stroking the sides of my vulva, the outer labia. It wasn't totally part of the dice throw, but it was perfect. I spasmed, my legs shaking. 

"Lick my asshole, Master," I panted. "You're making me cum." 

My orgasm lasted for over a minute, until the end of the timer. It was good because Master's parents were both next and I'd have to do without for a couple of people. Sherman and Mistress Dark were the last two people for me this round. I wonder if Sherman had made Lisa cum while licking her ass. 

I did ask if Sandra had ever licked an ass before. 

She smiled at me. "You didn't invent sex, you know. People have had sex for hundreds of thousands of years." It wasn't really an answer, but I took it to mean she'd done most things people had done before. 

She asked me what I'd meant by saying I'd cleaned myself out. 

"I had four enemas this morning this morning to cleanse myself," I said. "If I know my ass will end up being used, it reduces the mess." So I guess even old dogs can learn new tricks. 

With Sandy there, I missed rubbing or stroking clients choice for six minutes. Rose gave Dan a nice erection. I could see nice cocks ran in Master's family. Dan had a very nice one. The second roll was tease the slave's choice for one minute. Since it was only one minute, Rose chose to have her breasts teased. Teasing a cunt for one minute just made a slave hungry for more. 

Dan moved down to me and Sandra moved on to Ron. She received a lick or kiss genitals for four minutes. She settled over his face and received an orgasm before Ron was done. Mistress Dark trained good pussy lickers. Ron was no exception to the rule. Dan looked as if he would have cum if I licked his mast. It was twitching as he watched his wife orgasm on Ron's tongue. 

The second roll was to the clients choice on slave's neck for three minutes. Dan offered to rub or stroke my neck for me which I thought a pleasant offer, so he sat behind me and rubbed my neck and shoulders. It felt very nice, the only glitch the feeling of his cock resting against my bottom as he rubbed my shoulders. The timer expired and he got up. 

Sherman took his place at my station. His cock was limp and didn't get hard or even much larger despited my having to lick and kiss his thighs for six minutes. I even moved his cock and balls around with my hand to kiss his upper thighs, though it didn't do any additional good. I could see what Gwen meant when she said Sherman was incapable of an erection anymore. His task was to lick or kiss my vagina for two minutes. Sherman may not be able to properly fuck a woman, but there was nothing wrong with his tongue and how he used it. If he'd had any longer than two minutes, I could easily have cum again. Why wouldn't he make every effort to pleasure Gwen the way he was pleasuring me. If I could use a dildo while he licked me to have the fullness of a cock, I would have been a happy girl. 

Everyone moved down another station and I was left with Mistress Dark for my last client of this shift. The dice were rolled and I had to suck her ass for three minutes. She settled her bottom over my face and I tried to do for her what I'd done for Sarah. I couldn't quite make her cum in the three minutes allotted, but she congratulated me for my efforts. Rob rolled again and it was tease my ass for one minute. Probably not enough to get me off either. She used her finger to stroke and tease my star for several seconds, finally inserting a finger with ten seconds to go. Once again I couldn't cum, just leaving me wanting more. She had me lick her finger when the timer ended. 

Only Jerry remained. He started with Slut, figuring to go straight down the line. Master said as soon as a slave had been used, they could get up and take another break, eat or drink some more, refresh themselves in the hot tub or pool. He'd call us all again when it was time to go with the final set of dice. 

Rob rolled the dice for Slut and she got tease, Jerry's choice for three minutes. He picked his cock and Slut did an excellent job of teasing his black prick. Jerry had a beautiful erection going on. Jerry got lick or kiss Slut's vagina for two minutes. Slut must have been ready to cum. She climaxed inside the two minutes, holding onto Jerry's head as she released. 

He moved to Rose and Slut got up. Rose's roll was to suck on Jerry's thighs and she kept him from losing his erection while she nuzzled high up on his thighs, licking beside his heavy balls. Jerry also got a suck on for five minutes of Rose's choice. Since it was for five minutes, she picked her lovely cunt and Jerry gave her a screaming climax before he was done. 

He moved to me. His cock was hard and anything was on the table until the roll of the dice decided. I won. With a full audience, I got to lick or kiss his cock for four minutes. I had him lie down on my chaise and got over him, showing my audience my steamy cunt. I sucked his balls for the first half minute, rolling each of his eggs in my mouth. I could feel his cock twitching in my hand so I knew he was mine. I owned him, metaphorically speaking. I slowly lowered my mouth over the large purplish head. I spent another minute just on the crown, licking, sucking, swirling my tongue all over the head. A bead of pre-cum formed on the in the slit and I licked it off with the tip of my tongue before slowly working my mouth down over his entire shaft until my lips were buried in the short hairs on his balls. I slid back up, leaving my saliva glistening on his rod. I glanced at Master before sliding back down his mast. Back up, licking around the crown again while I massaged his black sack. Dropping down over his shaft, bobbing back up, just kissing the top of his plum, then sliding back down. 

I felt the beginnings of his release, his balls beginning to move in my hand, his cock elongating, swelling, the head growing. I slid back up his shaft, tracing the movement of his cum with my lips and felt the first jet of cum hit the back of my throat. After that first jet, I let the next four spurts shoot all over my face, coating it in his cum, knowing Master was watching me. It wouldn't matter. I'd be finished now and could wash my face. I heard someone start to clap, I don't know who, but suddenly other people were clapping, including Master. I stood up and bowed to my audience, Jerry's cum dripping from my face. 

"Bravo," Rob said. "That was fucking hot, slave." 

"Thank you, Master Rob." 

"Jerry has to return the favor," Rob said. "He has to suck on your choice for five minutes." 

"It's too bad face isn't one of the choices," I said. "Heaven knows it needs a good clean up." 

Several people laughed and I said, "I want Jerry to suck on my cunt, specifically my clit. I need to cum bad." 

Jerry relinquished his place on the chaise and I laid down with my legs on either side of the chair. I knew everyone could see the moisture on my pussy. I wasn't lying about my need to cum. Jerry crawled between my legs and slid his tongue up my slit, gathering my nectar. He pushed back the hood of my clit and started licking and sucking on the tiny bundle of nerves. I orgasmed almost immediately, arching my hips into his mouth. 

I started babbling, an unconscious stream of words flowing from my mouth. "That's it, Master Jerry. Make me cum. Make me cum hard. Mmmm, that feels so good. I'm going to cum again. Don't stop. Keep going. Don't stop. Taste me. Taste my cum. Fuck. Fuckity, fuck, fuck, fuck. I'm cumming again." 

I orgasmed three times in five minutes, thrashing around under his tongue, holding his head against my throbbing cunt. Chen called time and Jerry pulled out of my pussy, his face as wet as he'd made mine. I lay there for a couple minutes collecting myself. Jerry skipped Ron and went on to Gwen. I didn't even hear what Gwen needed to do to him. I doubted she'd be getting any of his cum. I felt like I'd drained his sap pretty good. I got up to take a quick shower. I was sure at least some of his cum got in my hair. 

****** 

SCOTT 

I knew my slave had played to me much of the last series, toying with me. It had all been so much theater, extravagant and overblown. If you can't minimize it, make a mockery of it. I'd seen her looking at me, watching to see how I was responding to her antics. To some extent, they'd eased the trauma of her being with other men specifically, so silly and over the top. Mom actually said something to me. 

"What do you think about what Julia just did, honey?" 

"It was okay, Mom. It actually makes it a little easier than it might be if she played it straight. It was theatrics meant for me." 

She looked at me oddly. "Spraying Jerry's cum all over her face made it easier for you?" 

"Yes, because it's not something she'd normally do during sex. She was making me realize it was all in fun and she still loved me." 

"Okay. I guess you have some secret communication I'm unaware of." 

"I guess we do. If we're going to do this, we have to realize it isn't serious and it's meant as play, as serious as it may seem. She realizes I have negative feelings when I see her with someone else, but she's telling me she will never be serious about anyone but me." 

"I see, I think. Will you be glad when her slavery is over?" 

"I suppose. I mean it has advantages for me too. I've had a totally sexy slave doing everything she can to make every moment as sexy and memorable as she can. We've been having great sex four and five times a day. I can hardly wait to come home from work and see what happens next. Tossing Lisa into the deal hasn't hurt either. I won't miss sharing her with others, I guess, but I might miss almost everything else about it." 

"It doesn't have to end permanently," Mom said. "Your father and I managed to play at this several times a year for a long time. We didn't have to involve others in our games." 

"I realize what you're saying, but I know the kinds of things Julia enjoyed reading and they extended past where you dared to tread. I think the idea she has no control over who uses her has helped immerse her into her role, let her enjoy it more than she might have otherwise. It's made her more orgasmic, more eager for sex. If it's just me ordering her around, spanking her, I doubt she would have let go as completely as she has. If it could continue with less outside sharing than it contains now, it would be perfect." 

I waited for fifteen minutes after Jerry had finished with Lisa before gathering everyone together again. It gave everyone a chance to recharge. I saw some more of the food disappearing or more beverages being consumed. 

When everyone was present, I said, "The last round has two sets of dice like the first round did. I will go last and may not participate at all depending on the time when everyone else finishes. We still have a poker game to get to tonight. The slave's dice will consist of to kiss, touch or fondle, lick or suck, bite, slap or spank, finger or stroke or rub your pussy or cock on face or neck, lips, chest or nipples, ass, pussy or cock and wildcard, which will be whatever the client desires. We're starting to get into pussy prick touching here. You'll also notice one of the categories includes spanking or slapping, which could include biting or slapping the face, lips, boobs, ass or pussy and cock. In this category, instead of minutes of slapping or spanking, it will be the number of spanks or bites to administer. The slaves are used to being punished, but dominants are not. I think this will be a bit of turnabout for the slave. No one is used to being slapped in the face, so be careful. Any slave who appears abusive in this manner, as decided by Mistress Dark, Sarah and myself, will immediately receive twenty swats from the Enforcer and will then be the recipient instead of the giver for future rolls involving spanking or slapping. If you're unsure of your spanking or slapping abilities, it also includes biting which you may find it easier to do. 

"The clients dice are as follows; to fuck, stroke or tease, kiss, suck or finger, massage, or any of the above at the slaves choice, the lips or neck, chest or stomach, penis or vagina, back or ass, thigh, or any of the above at the clients choice. One final note, if the action chosen is to fuck, whether from fuck itself or the wildcard, instead of being timed, the fucking will continue until one or both reach climax or fifteen minutes whichever is sooner. I don't need to remind you this can result in your mouth, pussy or ass being fucked. A chest fuck will be a titty fuck. A thigh fuck will mean you'll fuck someone's thighs. If the slave is a man, good luck on the chest or stomach fuck. If you're a woman, I guess you can rub your cunt on someone's back, thighs or stomach until you reach orgasm. I think on the whole, this is geared more towards men clients and women slaves, but it's the best I could do. For some of you, this may be more than you contemplated. For others it will be icing on the cake. Any questions." 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
I didn't think my parents would have gone through the first two rounds unless they'd previously gone outside their marriage although they might have been willing to experiment for the first time. This is where I thought they'd stop for sure. At this point I didn't see either of my parents fucking anyone else, but I'd been surprised before. I could see them conferring with one another. No one asked any questions though so I was ready to proceed. 

"Why doesn't anyone who wishes to continue, find a slave and we'll begin." 

Reginald and Marjorie lined up in front of Julia and Ron, Jerry took Gwen, Chen took Reneé, Sarah took Lisa, Harold and Mary took Slut and Rose. Mistress Dark asked me to pause for a few minutes while she got some items out of her van. I went with her to open the door of the garage and close it when she returned. She rummaged around in the back and grabbed four boxes and came back to the house. She handed them to me saying, "I'm donating these to the cause." They all contained strap-ons or the non strap-on equivalent for women which they could insert in their own vagina. "They all vibrate," she said. If a male client gets seven fucks in a row, he's only going to be able to perform one, unless they're suitably attired. And I don't see why a female has to rub herself against a back or stomach to get off. I could be wrong, but I don't think I am." 

"Thank you for these," I said. I was thinking of poor Sherman who couldn't get an erection to save his soul, but might be able to use one of these to provide his partner pleasure. We went back to the pool where people were getting antsy from waiting. 

I rolled the dice, "In this scenario, the slaves will now kiss whatever the client wishes for four minutes." 

Every client there immediately chose their genitals and in minutes, every male client got an erection, and Julia's mother, Mary, orgasmed on Rose's mouth. I'd said it before and I'll say it again. Mistress Dark's slaves knew every trick to pleasuring a woman. She insisted on their expertise. Julia was lovingly kissing Reggie's cock and it stood like a flagpole when she finished. She'd lost every sense of shyness towards Lisa's parents during the first two rounds. When the timer expired, I rolled the slaves dice. 

"Clients will massage their slaves cocks or cunts for three minutes." No one had an orgasm yet, even though some of the massages were more on the inside of a vagina then outside. Julia was panting as Reggie fingered her. His fingers glistened when he removed them from her sheath and licked them clean himself, tasting her. 

Everyone slid down one. Reggie stopped at Ron's station. Mary had to sit out her daughters. Harold was at Rose's station. "Slaves will finger or stroke the lips of their clients for one minute. Sorry dudes. Lips can still mean lower lips per my previous ruling." 

The women all got a little fingering except Mary. I thought Reggie was hoping for more from Ron than getting his lips stroked for a minute. 

Rolling again, I announce that the clients must stroke or tease the penis or vagina of their slave for five minutes. With the earlier massaging, every female slave had an orgasm from their client, except Julia as her mother wasn't allowed to touch her. She'd go high and dry on the next shift too. Ron didn't receive permission to climax so as much as Reginald stroked his cock, he remained erect and dry. 

They shifted down once again. Mary was at Ron's station, Harold at Julia's, Sarah was at Rose's and next up for Julia who would welcome the chance for more pleasure. I rolled, "Slave's will rub their pussies or cocks on the clients choice for six minutes." 

Sarah wanted pussy to pussy, so Rose showed her how to scissors, the cunts squelching against one another as they rocked back and forth. They both climaxed while they were rubbing together. Mary chose to have her pussy rubbed with Ron's cock. He ran it all the way up and down her slit, nearly penetrating her as he got close to the entrance. Mary didn't cum, but she was panting hard. I rolled again. 

"Clients will choose any of the actions to perform on the lips or neck of the slave for two minutes. Every one of the clients chose to fuck the slaves lips. Since they all chose fuck, it only ended with an orgasm or fifteen minutes. Harry had to sit this one out again, but every other client came on the lips of the slave. None of the slaves could have an orgasm from using their lips, so as soon as all the clients climaxed, every one could move. 

"I need to cum, Mistress," my poor slave told Sarah. Please make me cum." 

Harry stopped at Ron's slave station again. Maybe he was hoping for a quick orgasm. His cock was swollen with need. Mary was with Gwen and Chen was at Rose, next up for Julia. I rolled the dice. 

"Slaves will bite, slap or spank their clients chest or nipples twice," I said. 

Julia bit each of Sarah's nipples, making Sarah groan throatily. If Harry was hoping for something different, he didn't get it. Ron slapped his chest twice. Rose slapped Chen as well. Gwen did what Julia did and bit Mary's nipples, eliciting the same response Julia got, a low moan. That didn't take long. Everyone done in fifteen seconds. 

"Clients will stroke or tease their slaves vagina or penis for four minutes." 

Harold stroked Ron's cock to no more success than Reggie had. Gwen, Rose and Slut all climaxed at the end I was at. I wasn't sure about Reneé or Lisa. Julia finally climaxed for the first time this round, grinding her cunt on Sarah's hand. 

Chen moved to Julia's station, and Jerry was next up, now on Rose. Sarah moved to Ron, Harry moved to Gwen, Mary to Reneé. I shook the dice and announced, "Slaves will finger or stroke their clients pussy or prick for four minutes again." 

Julia was doing her best to make Chen cum. Chen was doing all he could not to, hoping his turn would result in fucking something. Same with Jerry. Rose wasn't as good a cock stroker as she was a pussy fingerer, so Jerry was able to hold out as well. Harold climaxed in Gwen's hand, leaving a trail of cum all over her chest. She cleaned it up as best she could. Reneé and Ron made Mary and Sarah climax as well, with less messy results. I rolled the dice again. 

"The client may choose any action they wish and perform it on the ass of the the slave for three minutes or until an orgasm is reached by one or both parties if fuck is chosen." 

Every one of the men clients chose to fuck the ass of their slave. So did Sarah and Mary. Only Marge chose to stroke or tease Sluts ass for three minutes. We waited for Sarah and Mary to put the strapless strap-ons into their cunts and turn on the vibration function, then I started the timer. Six assholes were penetrated. Ron was the only slave not to cum. He still didn't have permission, but he was struggling. Sarah fucking his ass was massaging his prostate with a vibrating dildo and lots of pre-cum formed on the tip of his cock, though he managed to hold out for all fifteen minutes. All the male clients lasted a little longer than the slaves, but everyone else had orgasmed before ten minutes passed. I don't know if this was the first time Chen fucked Julia's ass, but he certainly enjoyed every second of this one. He was patting and stroking her globes every second he was buried in her bottom. I sent Ron and Reneé to clean their clients strap ons, while Julia and Lisa got warm wash cloths to wash everyone else's cock before we got started again. The men were going to find it hard to cum again soon. I was fairly certain every one of them had orgasmed a minimum of three times so far, and maybe more. 

They all moved down one slave. Jerry had Julia again and Marge was on deck, the last client for this round. Chen paused at Ron's station again, but eventually passed. The slaves got a break the next round, getting kiss the face or neck for two minutes. Maybe the clients did too, since they'd all just cum. Julia and Jerry kissed passionately for two minutes. The clients roll had them kissing thighs for three minutes. Again, it was kind of a break for everyone after the orgasms for the last client served. 

One more person this group. Marge moved to Julia's station, Jerry skipping Ron, Chen moving on to Gwen. 

I rolled the dice and announced the slave would get to bite, slap, or spank whatever part of the client they wished six times. 

I heard Julia say to Lisa's Mom, "Mmm. Should I spank your ass or your pussy, Mistress? What do you think?" 

I fully expected Marjorie to answer ass, but she said pussy instead. 

Julia was as surprised as I was, but she told Marge to lie down on the chaise and spread her legs so she could get a good smacking on the cunt. Margie did as Julia requested and was spanked six times in quick succession on her pouting pussy, moaning with each one. I thought she might have orgasmed if Julia could have given her one or two more. Interesting. 

The clients roll was to stroke or tease the slaves thighs for a minute. It was quickly done and time for the next group. 

Edward, Rob, Sherman, Mistress Dark, and Regina were in this group. My jaw dropped when I saw Mom and Dad line up too. My world was being turned upside down. I'd never even seen them fuck each other and here I might see them fuck relative strangers. Mom lined up on Ron, Dad on Gwen, then Edward and Rob on Reneé and Lisa, Mistress Dark on Slut, Sherman on Rose and Regina on Julia. Julia was looking at Mom and Dad with surprise as well. 

"Slaves will touch or fondle their clients nipples for five minutes," I announced after the first roll. 

"This is the second time, I've gotten to play with your nipples, Regina," Julia said. "I like nice big nipples like yours. Sit beside me so we can relax a little." 

Julia had Regina sit between her legs and lean back against her while she played with her breasts and nipples for five minutes. I saw Julia whispering to Regina, but couldn't hear what she was saying to her. It seemed to have some affect on her, because Regina climaxed before the five minutes were up, squirming and rubbing her legs together as she spasmed. Julia kissed her neck when the timer went off. 

I rolled again and announced, "Clients are to suck or finger their slaves penis or vagina for six minutes.", 

Mistress Dark asked Mom if she wanted Ron to cum in her mouth. Mom said she did, making my jaw drop again, and Mistress Dark told Ron he could cum at the five minute mark. She asked me to announce when five minutes had passed. I looked at Dad, but he seemed unconcerned. He would be fingering Gwen for six minutes, and Gwen would probably cum as well. Stranger and stranger. 

I heard Julia tell Regina that she wanted Regina to make her cum, so she expected her to do a good job. I started the timer. 

Not only did Julia have one climax, she had two, moaning and riding Regina's fingers each time. I announced the five minute mark and Mom's mouth was flooded with Ron's cum. He'd cum a few times already tonight, so she didn't get as much of a load as Sarah did at the beginning of the day, but it had been awhile for him, so Mom had to swallow a lot to keep up with his cream. Gwen climaxed twice as she was fingered. So did Slut and Rose. I didn't see what happened to Reneé and Lisa, paying too much attention to this end of the line. 

Sherman moved over to Julia's station. Regina moved to her husband's. Mom was at Gwen's and Dad at Reneé's. I rolled the dice again. 

"Slaves are to lick or suck their client's cock or vagina for six minutes." Two sixes in a row, I noted. 

Every one of the clients orgasmed, even Sherman. Julia wasn't able to get him hard, no matter how hard she tried, but he filled her mouth with sperm before six minutes was up. Ron made his wife cum, Gwen made Mother cum and Reneé swallowed a load of Dad's seed. 

Rolling the dice for the clients, I announced, "Client will fuck the slaves choice of body part." Since it was a fuck, the time was extended to fifteen minutes or orgasm. 

Sherman started crying; loud, choking sobs. Julia asked him what was wrong. 

"I can't fuck you," he cried. "I can't get it up. I'm no good to anyone." 

"Sherman, listen to me," Julia said. "All of the men just climaxed. If you think you're the only one who's going to have issues with an erection right now, you're wrong. Every one of them will have to figure something else out. Look here." Julia got up and got one of the strap-ons Mistress Dark brought in. "Let me help you put this on." She got him to step into the thing and helped tighten all of the straps until it fit him well. "Now, I want you to fuck my cunt. I want you to shove this cock up my pussy and fuck me hard. I want you to make me cum. Pile drive me, okay. You can fuck me as hard as you want for fifteen minutes. I guarantee you'll make me squeal like a pig." Julia bent over the back of the lounge with her arms on the seat. "Put it in me and fuck me hard." 

Sherman shoved that fake cock all the way up my wife's wet cunt in a single thrust. "That's it, baby. Give it to me good," she grunted. 

Ron wanted to be fucked in the ass, so Regina put on one of the strapless models. Mistress Dark took the other one. Dad took the other strap-on version and the others had to resort to vibrators on the tables. Except for Ron, all the slaves wanted to be fucked in the cunt. Regina plunged into his ass and started reaming him with the strapless, with the vibrator turned on. Mistress Dark told him he could cum anytime he felt like it. 

Julia shouted, "I'm cumming, Sherman. You're making me cum, lover. Give it to me harder, baby. Fuck me. Fuck me." Sherman pounded her harder. 

Theoretically, I should have called it as soon as every one of the slaves climaxed. I mean, none of the men was going to cum right away anyway. Well, no one but Ron. Eight minutes in, he was shooting cum onto the chair he was bent over, the massaging fucking he was taking to his asshole and prostate letting him cum again. I could see what Julia was doing, however. She was giving Sherman confidence that he could continue to pleasure a woman even though he had erection difficulties. It wasn't his fault. It was a medical issue, but with the right attitude and equipment, his sex life wasn't over. We'd already seen he was capable of climaxing, so he could get something out of it. He just had to know he was still capable of pleasuring his wife. 

Julia kept pushing the message across. "God, you fucker! You're making me cum again. I can't believe it, stud." 

The thing of it was, she wasn't lying to build him up; she was cumming. His fake cock was coated with her cream. She was shaking and shuddering, and none of it was a sham. By the time the timer hit fifteen minutes, she'd cum six times. I called a halt. By waiting that long, all the women slaves were able to cum more than once. So did Regina and Mistress Dark. 

Julia stood up, turned around and hugged him, kissing him. "Thank you, Sherman. Nobodiy's ever made me cum six times in fifteen minutes." 

That might have been a small white lie. She might have cum that much before and Sherman had about a three minute head start on everyone else because he'd started fucking Julia before everyone else was ready, but it wasn't a bad lie and possibly close to the truth. I was damn proud of her and so was Gwen, who mouthed a silent thank you to her. Sometimes you can't hear what the people closest to you are saying, but you hear it from a stranger and you believe it. Sherman had the proof on his pseudo cock. It was dripping with girl cum. A horny slave girl, but a woman nonetheless. He was feeling pretty proud of himself and he had every right to be. Maybe some good could come of Gwen's participation in our little games. We took a short break so the slaves could wash the devices used on them. 

When they returned, it was time for everyone to change again. Mistress Dark moved over to Julia, Rob and Edward was on deck. They'd be the last two for Julia because only my parents were after them. Sherman avoided Ron's station and Regina moved on to Gwen. I rolled the dice. 

"Slaves need to touch or fondle their clients ass for two minutes," I said. 

"Master," Julia asked, "does it specify how you're supposed to touch or fondle someone's ass? I mean could I do it with some part of my body other than my hands?" 

"It says only touch or fondle and the clients body part. What the slave uses to do so is not specified. I'd say use whatever you want." 

"Thank you, Master." 

I started the timer and Julia proceeded to lick and kiss Mistress Dark's ass for two minutes while stroking the globes on either side. She was the only one to do so. Everyone else used a hand. 

When the timer ended, Julia said, "That was to thank you for teaching me how to fully swallow Master's cock, Mistress." 

"You're welcome, slave." 

The next roll of the dice was for the clients to give their choice of any of the possible actions to the back or ass of the slave for three minutes. The men were still incapable of another erection, so every one of them chose to massage the back of their slave. The three women all chose differently. Mistress Dark and Regina chose to stroke or tease their slaves bottoms with their tongues. Mom chose to finger or suck Renee's bottom with her finger. All three of their slaves were panting heavily by the time they were done. 

It was time to switch again and Sherman was with his wife, Gwen; Mom with Lisa, Mistress Dark with Ron and Rob was with my wife with Edward next and Dad moved to Slut. I was interested in seeing the interaction between Gwen and Sherman. She kissed and hugged him right away. I rolled the dice for the slaves. 

"The slaves will rub their cocks or pussies on the cock or pussy of the client for five minutes," I announced. 

"I want your cock hard for this," Mistress Dark said, and damned if Ron didn't start getting an erection right away. He was the most pussy whipped person I'd ever met, but it was sure going to work out for Regina if they somehow managed to stay together. 

Sherman asked, "Is it all right if I put that thing back on for this?" 

"I don't see any reason why not," I said. 

"Thanks," he replied. 

I waited for him to put it on. He figured it out for himself since he'd already used it. The slaves all had their clients lie down on the lounges, before they proceeded to rub their themselves against the client. When I started the timer, Lisa and Reneé started scissoring with my mother and Regina, Slut, Rose, and Julia started rubbing their moist cunts on the flaccid cocks of their clients, and Gwen rubbed hers on Sherman's strap-on. Ron rubbed his fresh erection along Mistress Dark's slit and over her clit. All three men started showing some signs of life as the women rubbed themselves on their cocks. 

About two minutes into the five, Gwen allowed Sherman's cock slip into her cunt. It was normally a violation of the rules, but what the hell, they were married, and it might have been the first time they'd made love in several years from Gwen's accounts of their troubles. She was kissing him and rubbing her breasts against his chest while moaning. Sherman was saying, "Do you like that, honey? Do you like that cock in your cunt?" Gwen was responding with low groans, "I love it, Sherman. Fuck me, make me cum." She did. Every one of the women, slave or client, orgasmed from the genital to genital contact. Dad, Rob and Edward were all starting to sport the beginnings of another erection, their cocks lying log like on their bellies. I called time at the end of five minutes and rolled the dice again. 

"The clients will now take any action they wish with the penis or vagina of their slave for three minutes. If you choose to fuck your slave; you may fuck to orgasm or for fifteen minutes, whichever is first." 

Dad, Edward, Rob, Mistress Dark and Sherman all chose to fuck their slaves. Mom and Regina chose to lick their slaves. Neither of the Strong boys, nor my father had particularly rigid cocks at the moment, but they were easily hard enough to slide into the moist cunts of their slaves. I saw Rob insert his shaft into Julia, getting the familiar twinges of darkness as I witness his prick disappearing in her. Julia climaxed almost immediately, arching her back into her lovers body, moaning for him. Despite the darkness, I started getting hard watching her fucked by Rob's thick dick. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
All the fucked orgasmed relatively quickly, the women naturally orgasmic and most of them, slutty sex slaves eager to cum for their Master's. Mistress Dark ordered Ron to cum in her as time was expiring. Edward and my father were all too drained from their previous climaxes to cum within fifteen minutes. Rob was having the same difficulty and was particularly distraught by his inability to cum. He fucked Julia hard and fast, striving to reach his peak, knowing Ron was next and he was skipping that station. Julia climaxed multiple times as a result of his efforts. Each of the other men knew they had at least one more opportunity to cum right away. Robb would have to wait for Gwen. He pushed harder and faster and with seconds to spare, grunted and emptied himself into my slaves cunt. Sherman and Gwen had used all fifteen minutes and Gwen was panting heavily, her cum leaking from her cunt and running into the crease of her ass. Julia's cunt was in similar disarray, gapping from Rob's huge tool, with her cum smeared all over her pussy and Rob's leaking from it, a white rivulet running towards her anus. Edward was going to love what he found there. 

Everyone who was going to move, moved. The others were all done with the game and didn't feel they needed to save themselves for anything. Sarah led Jerry by his half hard cock to a spare lounge and asked him to fuck her, right here, right now and laid back, spreading her legs. Sarah's actions freed the others and I saw Chen get plucked by Marjorie and Mary. Harry and Reginald got into a sixty-nine and started sucking each other's cocks. Gwen would likely be disappointed when Rob finally got to her. So might Reneé. I doubted Rob would cum again this afternoon after finishing in my wife. Everyone else was waiting for me to roll. 

"The slaves will kiss the lips or necks of their clients for two minutes," I said, after rolling. 

As far as I could tell, there wasn't much kissing of necks going on. Julia was kissing Edward passionately, locking lips, exchanging tongue and swapping spit. Her body was rubbing up against his as they clenched, his cock still hard, rubbing up against her belly. The two minutes seemed to take forever for me. 

I rolled the dice for the last time for my wife and my father. Neither of them would be participating again after this roll. 

"Clients choice, to the slave's ass, three minutes. For those clients who choose fucking, you have until you both orgasm or fifteen minutes, whichever is first." 

"I want to fuck your ass, slave," Edward said. 

"I want you to fuck my ass," Julia said. "Put it in me, big boy." 

Dad also chose to fuck Rose's ass. He hadn't cum yet and he was ready. Mom put on one of the vibrating strapless cocks to fuck Slut. Sherman still had his strapped one on and was going to fuck Reneé. Mistress Dark and Regina both chose to suck or finger their slave's asses for three minutes. I started the timer and Edward slowly shoved his massive schlong into Julia's ass, well lubricated by all the cum which had dripped onto it. Edward's prick had also been well lubricated in Rose's cunt, so he had no problem pushing it past Julia's sphincter. Julia gasped haltingly as he eased his way to the bottom of her rectum. He gave her a few seconds to get used to his size, then started sliding back and forth, Julia shuddering each time he bottomed out. I knew how many times she climaxed; Julia whimpering each time she came, her voice guttural sobs. It took him more than eight minutes to cum, finally squeezing the last of his cum into ass. When he pulled out, Julia's ass was gapping as his cum dripped down her legs. She collapsed on the lounge. 

Dad lasted a couple minutes longer than Edward, his age delaying his recovery time. He grunted as he pumped his sperm into Rose's bottom in short, jerky thrusts. Mom and Slut both climaxed by four minutes in, as did Reneé. I couldn't tell what happened to Gwen and Lisa. I hadn't paid much attention to anything for the first few minutes Edward was fucking Julia's ass. I was giving the slave's time to clean up any boys and toys which needed cleaning after our debauchery. 

Dad noticed me looking at Julia, cum leaking from both of her nether holes as she lay on the lounge. 

"A little hard to see?" He questioned me. 

"Some," I admitted. "I'm not immune to feelings about my wife, but I wanted to give her the full experience she fantasized about." 

He squeezed my shoulder. "I know you did, and it looked like you did a good job. Julia has enjoyed today immensely, I'm sure." 

"It's not over yet. There's still a poker game to be played." 

"You boys won't have anything left at the end of the night," he said. "I'm done now. I couldn't fuck anyone if my life depended on it." 

"Sit around here with a bunch of beautiful bare naked women and see how you feel in a couple hours." 

Dad laughed. "Yeah, maybe four, I could get it up again if I didn't have a heart attack first. Rampant fucking is a young man's game. Your Mom and I are going to head home." 

"Why did you and Mom decide to play?" I asked. 

"We're not getting any younger," he replied. "If we were ever going to do something like this, now seemed like the time. We decided our marriage was strong enough to manage this as a one time thing. I won't have any regrets. I got to fuck with some mighty fine women." He laughed again. "So did Sandy. That was one for the books. Watching her with other women half of why I could get it up as well as I did." 

Julia finally got off the chaise and approached, kneeling before me. 

"Masters Rivers," she said, acknowledging us both. "Master, I couldn't help but notice the state of your cock. It is a slave's duty to ensure her Master doesn't suffer. May I please ease your suffering?" 

"That's probably my cue to skedaddle for the time being," Dad said. 

Julia put a hand on his arm and said, "Wait, sir." Dad paused. "When you and Mistress Sandy came to our house to play euchre, I was, as you know, an insufficiently pleasing slave that day. It is why I was wearing the clothes I was and my ass was as red as it was. What Master and I didn't tell you is in order to earn my clothes that day, I was supposed to offer my services to him and suffer my punishment in your presence. Master was generous to a new slave and allowed me to do so just before you arrived. I'd like to offer those services and suffer my punishment in your presence now and the presence of Mistress Sandra so you know the high regard in which I hold your son as my Master. Since I know you've done so before, I'd like you to spank me as I suck my Master's cock. I want to show you how much and how deeply I love your son." 

You could have knocked me over with a feather. My father was equally stunned. 

"I'm still rolling the dice," I said. 

"Let Sarah or someone else do it, Master," Julia replied. 

"My mother still has Rose to go before she's done," I explained weakly. 

"I'm sure my wife is just as tuckered as I am," Dad said. "Neither one of us needs to participate any longer. Are you sure you want to do this, sweetheart?" Asking Julia. "Me spanking you and sucking Scott's cock right in front of us?" 

"Sir, you have seen many people use your daughter-in-law today; something which Master arranged for my benefit, not his. I have cum on many cocks, having the most wonderful time of my life, due to his kindness and love. You have witnessed every moment of it, and I'm sure you question how I can possibly love your son the way I should after what you've seen. I want you to know I love him to the very depths of my heart, as much as any man could be loved. If I do not show you how much now, you will always wonder. Perhaps Master wonders as well. I know this has been hard for him, yet he allowed it anyway. I wish to prove beyond all doubt how much I love him by doing exactly this before his parents." 

I put my hand under her chin and turned her to face me. "Are you sure, my slave?" 

"Of course I'm sure, Master. I should have done it two weeks ago but I was new to my bondage and ashamed to show my fealty to you in front of them. What shame have I to experience they haven't already witnessed?" 

So Dad got Mom, Julia went into the house and got the Enforcer, and I called Sarah over and told her to take over for the balance of the game. When Julia returned she handed the paddle to Dad. Julia had me lie down on one of the lounges and leaning over straight legged, aimed her spectacular bottom at my father. 

"You've done this before, sir. I'm sure you know how to punish recalcitrant slaves. Twenty swats, sir, don't spare my bottom." 

She braced herself and enveloped my cock in my mouth. Julia had learned to service both Mistress Dark and myself while being fucked and spanked. I didn't expect she would bite me or otherwise injure me, though I wasn't expecting the best of blow jobs while the spanking lasted. The Enforcer was a wicked instrument and Dad hadn't used it before. I heard the smack, and Julia flinched and went deeper over my cock, before pulling back up. She actually did better sucking my cock than I expected under the circumstances. Her flinching eased as she got used to the force Dad was using on her ass. We soon started gathering a crowd, Julia's parents being two of those who started watching. The game finished while her punishment went on and Mistress Dark came over and praised her for her skill and efforts as she tolerated her spanking. 

I'd cum several times today, the same as everyone else and my slave had to work to extract her gift. Dad finished and the fellatio improved, Julia no longer concerned over bracing herself against the paddle. She lovingly stroked up and down, using every skill she'd acquired during her slavery and beyond. Her fingers played with my sack, massaging the sperm laden eggs. I was breathing hard, like I'd run a marathon. My cock was disappearing into her throat on every dip of her head. I could feel my sap starting to rise. I caressed her face as I exploded into her mouth. "Mmmm," she moaned, swallowing rapidly to get it all before I overwhelmed her mouth. She tugged the base of my shaft to massage the last few drops to the head where she could lick them from the tip. 

"Thank you, Master, for gifting me with your cum. Thank you, Master Dan for properly punishing this slave," Julia said. 

"Turn around, slave, so I may observe the results of your punishment," I said. 

Julia turned and showed me her bottom. It was as red as I'd ever seen it. The Master in the BDSM club hadn't left her ass this red. I wondered if my Mom had suffered this much when Dad played with her, or if Dad didn't understand the wicked nature of the Enforcer. She wasn't rubbing her ass, but I imagined it was too sore to touch at the moment. 

Dad handed the paddle to me. "Take good care of this. I doubt your slave will give you much trouble." Maybe he did understand. "Sandra and I are going to leave now. We're leaving here a little friendlier to folks than when we arrived." They said goodbye to everyone, hugging Julia as they left. 

Sarah said, "I'd like to ask you a favor, Scott." 

"What favor is that?" I asked. 

"Would you mind taking care of my things for a few more days. Mistress Dark is going to instruct me on the finer points of being a dominant for the next couple days. She said I won't need much in the way of clothes while I'm at her place, and I'd like to return sometime before Lisa's and Julia's slavery ends to say proper goodbyes to two lovely slaves." 

I laughed. "Sure. No problem. We'll leave the light on for you." 

Mistress Dark said, "I need to leave as well. Someone else is coming over to be trained as a slave this evening and I have to prepare." 

"We have one of the bondage furniture pieces almost finished. It's in the basement," I said. "A little more sanding and staining to do. Maybe two days work." 

"I can pick it up when I drop Sarah back here," Mistress Dark said. "That won't be a problem." 

Sherman came up to me, leading Gwen by the arm. 

"I know Gwen was supposed to serve as a slave tonight," he said, "but I was wondering if it would be at all possible for you to release her from service and let me take her home. We need to have a good long talk with one another." I looked at Gwen and she had a look of pleading in her eyes and said a silent 'please'. Shit this was going to screw things up for the poker game. 

Mistress Dark noticed the look of consternation on my face and realized I might have made plans based upon Gwen's participation. She said, "If you'd like to release Gwen from service, I'd be happy to leave Rose here with you. I'll have Sarah tonight anyway. I understand your slave and Rose still have an agreement for 90 minutes of some alone time together." 

"I would greatly appreciate if Rose could stay tonight. Thank you." 

"One other thing," Sherman said, "that gadget I was able to wear today. Where can I get one of those?" 

I laughed. "You're in luck. This beautiful woman" and I pointed to Mistress Dark, "happens to be a purveyor of such items. She can sell you one." 

"I'd be happy to donate the one you used to the cause, Mr. Siever. You're welcome to have it gratis." 

"No, ma'am. I like to pay my own way. Always have. Always will. I'm no charity case." 

"I understand Mr. Siever. Well, the list price of one of those strap-on dildo's is $60, brand new. Now, I don't have another brand new boxed one with me, and the one you wore today was well used, and I certainly couldn't sell it to you as new. How does $30 strike you?" 

"That seems fair, ma'am. I'll be happy to pay it. I just need to get my wallet. I left it in this young fella's bedroom." 

"Sherman, I'll make a deal with you. I'll release Gwen and let you take her home, but only if you both speak to me in private for a moment in the bedroom while you get your wallet. If you don't, I'm going to keep her here." 

"No, sir, I'll speak to you." 

"Good. Come with me, both of you." 

I led them both into the bedroom and shut the door. I handed Gwen her clothes and Sherman gathered his stuff as well. 

"Please sit down," I said, "this won't take long." 

"Mr. Siever. First off, I'd like to apologize to you. I wanted to set some humiliating tasks for my wife as she began her slavery with me. I told her to seduce one of the lady sales clerks and get her to agree to my wife licking her. At the time. I didn't realize what would happen, and that Gwen would end up here. I was happy that she did because she's a very beautiful woman and all of my friends greatly appreciated her agreeing to serve them as she did today. Part of the reason I agreed to accept her service is she said she hasn't had much sexual satisfaction for several years. She explained that you had medical issues which prevented you from being the man you thought you should be for her. Rather than seek help or find alternatives to the sex life you previously enjoyed, you abandoned her; left her adrift without feeling the love and affection someone hopes to enjoy with their spouse. I know you had your reasons, and I don't want to make light of those reasons, but Gwen is a beautiful woman in the prime of her life. Some women may not even reach their sexual peak until their forties. I believe Gwen loves you and she agreed to her service to me because she needed, not just sex, Mr. Siever, but the affection and closeness engendered when two people make love. 

"There were alternatives she might have been able to use to enjoy a sex life with you, sir, but you didn't want her to use them, and I suspect it was because you were ashamed you couldn't be the same man you've always been for her. Would I be guessing correctly?" 

"I believe you are, sir." 

"Leaving your wife alone, not letting her be the sexual person she still is, because you couldn't be that person anymore, led her to seek something here, with others, when I truly believe she'd much rather be with you than a house full of strangers. Am I right, Gwen?" 

"Yes, Master Scott." She took Sherman's hand and laid it in her lap. 

"Life happens to us all, Mr. Siever, and we don't always have control over what happens. Medical issues arise, accidents happen, so let me ask you, Sherman. If something were to happen to Gwen, would you love her less, if say, she got breast cancer, and had to have a breast removed?" 

"No, I'll alway love her." He squeezed her hand. 

"It's the way Gwen feels about you. She didn't love you less for your medical issues. She would have gladly found alternatives to the old way of doing things in order to enjoy an intimate relationship with you, rather than bring strangers into her life. You kind of pushed her out of yours and she ended up here. But as you saw, you still have the ability to please a woman and give her sexual satisfaction. You made my wife cum like mad when you were fucking her. I noticed women climaxing when you used your fingers on them and when you licked them. You still have the ability to be a man to your wife, Sherman, as long as you accept you have to find alternative methods of doing so." 

"I agree. It's why I want to purchase that strap-on thing." 

"Why did you wait so long? It should have happened five years ago." 

"I was ashamed." 

"And your shame drove your wife into the arms of other people. I was surprised when Gwen told me you wanted to come here, to witness her use as a sex slave. Why did you come?" 

"When she told me what she was doing, I realized I'd let her down. If I couldn't be the man she needed, I thought I could at least make sure nothing bad happened to her." 

"I never would have let something bad happen to Gwen. I felt responsible for her since I got her mixed up in this in the first place, by playing with my wife. The good part about you coming here, and seeing her, is you found out you still have value to Gwen as a sex partner. I hope you take it to heart, Mr. Siever, because if Gwen ever feels like she's not getting what she needs from you, I hope she'll speak with me. I firmly believe she'd prefer to find those things with her spouse and life partner, but for her kindness and generosity, I would not deny her help to find someone who would treasure her. Do you understand me, Sherman?" 

"I do." 

"I hope what you experienced here with the other slaves, makes up somewhat for Gwen's service to us. If you should want any advice or guidance, I'll be willing to help in any way I can. Good luck to you, Sherman." 

"Thank you." 

"Gwen, please stand up." 

"Yes, sir," she replied, standing. 

"We'll make sure Reneé is returned home, either tonight, or first thing in the morning if she needs to be at work. Please reassure her of our good intentions." 

"I will, Master. She's already told me of her desire to stay here and complete her day of service. She's enjoyed herself immensely." 

"I'm glad. She seems like a lovely girl and we've enjoyed having her here. You may tell her I said so." 

"Thank you, Master." 

I removed the cuffs from her wrists and the collar from her neck. "I release you from any further service. I invite you to return home with your husband and reimagine a marriage you can both enjoy to the fullest extent possible. I thank you for your service to me, my friends and family, and to the other slaves. If you should ever need anything from me, don't hesitate to ask. Now, give me a hug." 

I hugged her naked body, kissed her lightly on the cheek, sorry to see her go but hoping she'd found the key to renewing her marriage with Sherman. 

"We'll leave you to get dressed. Sherman, pay Mistress Dark. She needs to leave." 

He followed me out and paid her thirty bucks and we found and collected his new toy. "Take a look at some of the other playthings out here, Sherman. Your wife might appreciate some of the others as well. You can ask her." 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 6|
--------------------------------------------
I hugged Mistress Dark and thanked her for lending us Rose tonight. "You're welcome. You can help me load these other two into the van, gesturing to Sarah and Slut." 

"I thought Sarah was going to be learning dominance from you," I said. 

"She is, but the best way to understand the mind of a slave is to be one. She'll spend her first twenty-four hours as a slave, and the next twenty-four as a Mistress, helping to train the new ones." 

"Did you ever serve as a slave?" I asked. 

"For six months when I was twenty-one years of age," she said, "never since." She smiled at me. "He wasn't a very good Master, but I learned what it was to be a good slave." She chuckled. "It's what I expect of my own. Come girls, don't keep me waiting. You won't like it." 

"Yes, Mistress," Sarah said. 

I laughed. "If you'd been a slave before, I could have fucked you." 

"Yes, Master, and I'm sure I would have enjoyed it. I'll see you on Wednesday night." 

"Behave yourself." 

"I doubt my Mistress will tolerate anything but the most obedient slaves." 

"If Ron is any indication, I'm sure you're right." 

"My offer to you still stands, Mr. Rivers. I'll be happy to train you," Mistress Dark said. 

"Who would my slave have to dominate her then?" 

"Me, of course. A matched set, husband and wife. How delightful." 

I laughed. "Never and never ever comes to mind." 

I helped Mistress Dark load her two slaves in the back, stuffed and stuck. Sarah looked good with a cock in her mouth and one in her cunt. I patted her flank. "You have fun now," I said. 

Sarah couldn't speak, just shift nervously. 

"Do you want me to return Rose to you tomorrow?" I asked. 

"Not necessary. I told her she's to follow your orders implicitly. She'll do anything you require. I'll pick her up at the same time as I return Sarah and pick up the new furniture." 

"Thanks again. I'll see you in a couple days." 

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 18|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-18|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<em>This is the conclusion of the Memorial Day Bash. It contains the usual poker game with a format change for the auction afterward. It contains oral and anal sex, lesbian sex, double penetration, and spanking. In this fantasy world, people don't have to worry about STD's.</em> 

<strong>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 18 - End of Memorial Day Bash</strong> 

SCOTT 

I went back to the pool and Julia, Lisa and I said our goodbyes to their parents. Both sets of parents hugged both of my slaves goodbye. I suppose it was easier to hug your naked slave girl daughters when you were too tired to get an erection again. Sherman and Gwen had already left, leaving only the poker players and slaves. Since neither Rose or Reneé had been at any previous poker games, I brought them back to my bedroom to speak to them both. I knew Rose was an experienced slave, and would do what she was told, but I knew nothing about Reneé other than she worked with Gwen and had agreed to be here. 

"Reneé, could you tell me what made you decide to be here?" 

"Gwen talked to me after she was here last Thursday, sir. She knew Lisa had sex with me in the dressing room. I tried to deny it, thinking she was going to fire me. She told me she didn't want to fire me, but had been seduced just as I'd been. She told me about her own experiences and what happened to her at the restaurant and then at the poker game. Since she knew I'd licked Lisa in addition to being licked by her, she asked if I was experienced in pleasing a woman. I told her most of my sexual experience had been with women, though I also enjoyed sex with men. She asked me to teach her to become better at being with a woman because she'd been found lacking when serving a woman at the poker game. I agreed to show her what skill I possessed if she agreed to bring me to the next game. I did not realize all the other things which happened today would occur, nor did Gwen. But I've enjoyed everything that's happened immensely, sir. I'm looking forward to more." 

"Did Gwen tell you before she left that we would arrange for you to get home either tonight or tomorrow morning, whichever you preferred?" 

"Yes, sir, she did." 

"Would you like to go home tonight or leave in the morning?" 

"Who else would be staying here tonight, sir?" 

"Myself, my wife, Julia of course, Lisa, and Rose here, who will be here for a couple days." 

"I don't have to work until tomorrow afternoon, sir. Would it be a problem if I spent the night?" 

"Not at all. Julia can bring you home after everyone else has gotten up. I'm going to let everyone sleep in tomorrow as I expect you'll all be quite exhausted after today. I will warn you, if you spend the night, it will be as a slave and you might expect you'll need to satisfy someone." 

"I understand, sir. I'm willing to be a slave for the night." 

"The second thing I wished to tell you both is the there is going to be a change in the normal format for tonight's poker game from what you might have heard. Due to the number of slaves and poker players, I'm going to sell two of the slaves to a single person for an hour or so to do as much as they wish. The other two slaves will be sold to two people and you'll have to satisfy both of them for an hour. After the hour, you'll be sold again. The two slaves sold to a single person will now be sold to two, and those previously sold to two will be sold to one. What this means is for two hours, you will be serving up to three different people, either men or a woman including two at once, before the poker portion of the days events are over. Does this affect your wish to participate, Reneé?" 

"No, sir. I've never been with two other people at once, but I should like to do so." 

"Rose?" I asked. 

"I'm to do as you direct, Master, no matter the circumstances." 

"Have you served two people at once previously?" 

"I've done up to three at a time before, Master. Mistress ensures her slaves are capable of serving in a multitude of ways." 

"The money which is bid for you gets sent to the charity of your choice. Do you each have favorites to whom you'd like your money sent?" I asked. 

Rose told us her parents died in a car crash involving a drunk driver. She asked her money go to Mothers Against Drunk Drivers. Reneé said she'd like her money to go to the World Wildlife Fund. 

"Rose, since you're serving here at the will of your Mistress, and I know you prefer women, I'm going to give you your choice of bedmates for the night. You may sleep with any of the other three slaves you wish." 

Rose said, "Since I've been with both Julia and Lisa previously, I would like to spend the night with Reneé if I may." 

"Done. She's yours. Why don't you both shower and eat again. We'll be starting the poker game in roughly thirty minutes, so don't dawdle." 

They scurried into the shower and I went back out by the pool. Julia was sandwiched between Edward and Rob who were taking turns kissing her and running their big hands over her naked body. Lisa was being caressed by Chen and Jerry. Ron was licking his wife's cunt and she was cumming. I suspected the only reason they weren't all getting fucked is the sexual activity which had already taken place today. 

"Gentlemen and lady. I'm sending the slaves to the showers to freshen up before the poker game starts. I'm also letting the slaves eat quickly. The players can eat during the game, but the slaves will be serving and may not have time for more than a quick drink. We need to bring all the food indoors while the slaves are showering, so it's ready for the game. After we get the food inside is when you might wish to take a dip in the pool yourselves. Since everyone is already nude, that's how I intend to play poker." 

Everyone thought it was a good idea to stay naked. We'd already seen everything there was to see anyway. Of course, slaves had no choice, but even Regina was comfortable remaining bare. Having everyone witness you being pleasured in almost every conceivable way possible made the concept of clothing superfluous. Julia and Lisa went to our shower to wash, and Ron went to Sarah's room. Everyone else helped carry all the remaining food and drink to the kitchen. There was still a substantial amount of food left. Enough for the poker party anyway. Soon, naked slaves were dishing up food for themselves while everyone else took a quick swim in the pool to freshen up. It was after six before we had to poker table set up and we were ready to play. Since Ron was now a slave, there were six people, five men and one woman. 

"We're playing for different stakes tonight, so there will be some changes as a result. Regina, Ron is your slave now. Will you be offering him for sale tonight after the game?" 

"No, I want him to watch me fucking other people." That was pretty blunt. 

"Will he be under the table tonight during the game?" 

Regina thought about if for several seconds, then answered, "Yes." 

"The slaves will serve twenty minute shifts under the table, which should work out to about twice during the game. Since it's six poker players and four slaves up for sale tonight, we'll stop playing at ten and all four will go up for bid. Two of the slaves to be shared by two bidders, the two remaining slaves to be enjoyed by a single bidder. What that means is everyone will be with a slave. If you have no money remaining at the end of the game, you can still pair with one of the other players to share a slave. You may then enjoy your slaves until eleven o'clock, at which time everyone returns here and we bid again. The two slaves shared previously will be put on sale for a single bidder, the other two to be paired with two. Again, everyone will have the opportunity to be with a slave for another hour. Theoretically, you can win a slave without any money, because all six players will be involved each hour. No one can be with two slaves during the hour, so the last remaining slave up for bid could be free." 

I could see the new rules were going over well with the poorest poker players in the group. Even as good as Regina was, she couldn't buy everyone for two hours. Everyone would get to fuck two slaves, let alone have their cocks sucked all game long. 

"During the first hour, Julia and Lisa will be sold to two buyers, Rose and Reneé to single buyers. The second hour, it will be reversed. During any breaks, you can discuss the strategy you wish to take for the bidding." 

My strategy would be to bid on Reneé by myself, and with someone else on Rose. I got to enjoy my own slaves frequently and I wanted Julia to have her experiences with others as much as possible. 

"Are there any questions about the play and purchasing of slaves tonight?" I asked. 

"No questions," Chen said, "but I'd like to make a suggestion about game play." 

"Shoot," I said. 

"Instead of pausing the game for two minutes while the slave orally services the winner; why not continue playing and let the slave keep sucking right through game play until the next winner is announced." 

"Why, Chen," I said. "It's apparent you haven't sucked much cock. Trying to keep your mouth wrapped around a cock or cocks for twenty straight minutes, especially given the size of some of them around this table, is hard work and your jaw needs to take a break. I'd be willing to go with keep playing and the slave goes for four minutes, but they should get some rest between each sausage." 

"Great compromise, Scott," Jerry said. 

"Not all of us have a sausage," Regina said. "Some of us have a taco." 

"A slave's tongue can still get tired, Regina. Four minutes whether it's a sausage or taco." 

"Let's play poker," Edward said. "I'm ready." 

So we started playing poker. Julia was the first slave up, or down as the case may be. 

****** 

JULIA 

I couldn't believe all that happened today. Secured in the bondage furniture for a half hour with no idea who fucked me. Then the dice game. Serving eleven people one after the other including Lisa's parents times three rounds. Some of the dice rolls were relatively mild, but the last round resulting in me getting fucked by Rob and Edward back to back, one in my pussy and one in my ass. Master had arranged it all and I was flying in a cloud of lust fueled euphoria, forced to serve a variety of men and women. Even the spanking Dan administered while I sucked Master's cock drove me to the edge of a sexual frenzy. I'd never felt so alive and on edge as I did today. I don't know how many times I'd orgasmed today, but it had to be approaching the day I wore the Slave Trainer all day with the orgasm restriction lifted. The best part was, it wasn't over yet. 

Serving the players as they played, then being sold for an hours worth of sex to two Master's then one. My pussy was wet and getting wetter, and I was starting the game under the table. The men's pricks were showing some signs of life after the afternoon of unending sex and Regina's cunt looked suffused with blood. She'd been cumming on Ron's tongue before Master sent us to the showers. The other slaves started serving food and beverages to the players as I waited for the first hand to be played. 

Rob won the first hand and I started sucking his cock, feeling it slowly grow in my mouth. He wasn't fully hard before his four minutes expired, but he was getting there. I wondered if any of them would have something left by the end of the night. Regina won the second hand and she parted her legs for me. Her arousal was obvious, the scent and liquidity of her pussy giving it away. She came close to orgasm as I licked her cunt, not as restricted by biology as the men were. They were playing at a faster pace tonight without waiting for the slave to finish her time before dealing again. The primary difference was in the choice of the game. I tried to pay attention to how long each game took to play. 

Master won the third hand. I'd done my best to drain his balls while his father spanked me. While he grew longer and thicker, he never reached hardness either. Regina won the next hand again and she orgasmed, my face growing wet as she rubbed my face against her cunt. When I was done with Regina, my twenty minutes was ended and Rose took my place under the table. 

I started to serve food and drinks to the others and they frequently pulled me down into a lap for a kiss, or to lick or suck on my nipples. Only Ron wasn't used in such a way. His prick was hard again. Regina had ordered him to get hard at the beginning of the game, so he was walking around with the only erection in the place, at least until Chen won a hand. He was hard when Rose finished, but he'd been in the first group on the final dice round and had more time to recover. Jerry had also been in the first group and when he won a hand, Rose was able to make him hard, too. Not rigid, but hard enough to push into a well lubricated cunt, and all the slaves met that requirement if they had one. Jerry was Rose's last one and Ron took over for her. Edward won a hand and declined Ron's services. Regina didn't decline when she won again and was panting hard when her four minutes expired. 

I'd begun to catch on to the nuances of the play. Five card draw went the fastest. Sometimes the winner of the previous game didn't even get a full four minutes before five card draw was over, and a slave was onto the next winner. Essentially there was only bidding twice, before and after the draw. Seven card draw was about the same except for seven cards being dealt. Five and seven card stud had betting after the first two cards were dealt and after each new card after. The only thing affecting speed of play was how many players folded as the other cards were dealt. Texas Hold'em was roughly the same, with fewer overall cards dealt but with frequent betting. As a result, fewer and fewer games of five and seven card draw were dealt as the player calling the game realized the slave would be caressing genitals longer that way, for at least four minutes. 

Chen won again. I thought Chen might decline to accept Ron's oral attentions as Edward did; getting sucked by a man in front of all of his friends. He surprised me when he told Ron to get busy on his cock. 

"Something you want to tell us, Chen?" Edward said. "I thought Ron was the only gay at the table." 

"I'm not gay," Chen said, "but I've always curious about the difference in the way men and women sucked cock. If I can't check out the differences when I'm surrounded by friends, when then? Have any of you ever gone to a glory hole?" Rob and Edward raised their hands. Why was I not surprised. "How do you know whether or not you were sucked by a man or woman?" 

Rose said, "Mistress has said it's not uncommon for dominants to make their slaves work at glory holes as a means of punishment, especially if the slave does not enjoy it. I know women are not the only ones working the holes." 

"You mean I might have gotten my dick sucked by a guy?" Edward asked. 

"Certainly, Master. I consider myself to be a lesbian and I'll be sucking your cocks tonight. It is the plight of the slave, to satisfy a Master or Mistress. Our personal preferences count for nothing. If Ron is a slave, it would make no difference if he enjoyed sucking cock or not. He would still have to do it. I'm not a heterosexual if I suck cock and I would not call Master Chen gay or even bisexual for having his cock sucked by a slave, no matter the sex of the slave. He is taking advantage of the sexual skills of the slave. Unless he starts asking to suck your cocks, I am perfectly willing to accept he's heterosexual. I found his skills as a man to be the equal of anyone else here and I've experienced all of you by now." 

So Ron sucked Chen's cock and within a couple minutes, positively exploded into Ron's mouth, gasping, "Oh, shit! Oh, shit! That's incredible!" 

Regina watched as her husband sucked Chen's cock and the incredible orgasm he received. She shook her head, sadly I thought. She asked me to make her a double vodka over rocks and bring it to her. Rob won the next hand and after seeing Chen's orgasm and realizing it might not even be the first time he'd ever been sucked by a man, made Ron suck him, too. He didn't quite cum, but his cock was dripping pre-cum before Ron was finished. 

Rob said, "I've got to admit that was the best fucking blow job I've ever had. Ron would have had me blowing a load in another minutes, and I thought I was fucked out for awhile." 

"Better than Gwen?" Edward asked. 

"The best, bar none." 

I now suspected Edward would partake of Ron's services if he won again, though Ron was done for now and Lisa took his place. I wondered if Jerry and Master would also consider Ron's skills given this information. How would I feel if Master was sucked by a man? Regina definitely had issues. She finished her last double and asked for another. When I brought it to her, she pulled me into her lap and kissed me, shoving two of her fingers into my pussy and stroking me. I almost climaxed before she released me. 

Regina started playing worse and worse, and I don't know if it was the alcohol or the emotional issues she was obviously having over her husband being both a submissive and attracted to men. I would be having a cow if I knew Master was attracted to other men. Watching him with another woman wasn't nearly as traumatic as watching him fuck another man would be. Master and Chen seemed to be doing the best and Jerry wasn't far behind. Master won, then Jerry, then Chen again. Lisa left Master hard, sucked Jerry to orgasm, and left Chen looking like he might get another erection before the end of the game despite cumming so hard in Ron's mouth. 

Edward was the last cock to get sucked by Lisa. Since he'd declined Ron the first time he won, this was the first time he was sucked this game and he got half hard. Reneé took over. Chen won the first with Reneé under the table and he had another erection when she finished. When Master won next, he emptied himself in her mouth before her time was up. Regina finally won another small pot, but was unable to climax before her four minutes expired. I suspected the alcohol might be messing with her arousal as well. Jerry won and Reneé had a hard time getting him much harder, though he thickened somewhat. All of the guys had been very busy today. 

When all five slaves had served a turn under the table, Master called a ten minute break. It would be my turn after the break. 

****** 

SCOTT 

During our break, Regina got together with me and asked if I'd go in with her on a slave for the pairing. 

"Who are you interested in?" I asked. 

"It doesn't make that much difference," Regina said. "Any of the girls, really. But I want my husband to be in the room with us and while we're all together, I want you to fuck me in front of him." 

"I'm sorry, but I can't do that. It would be infidelity to my wife. If you want someone to fuck you, it will either be a woman with a strap-on or one of the other guys." 

"What are you talking about? You've fucked at least six other women I know of, including your next door neighbor." 

"They're all slaves. Julia and I came to an agreement that what she does as a slave and what I do as a Master with other slaves, doesn't really have anything to do with our marriage. Fucking you doesn't fit that description. You're not a slave. If I fuck you, what's to stop me from fucking you at any other time we decide to? If when her slavery ends, Julia decides to keep fucking the poker group, do we even have a marriage anymore? This slavery thing was to allow her to explore a fantasy she read about and dreamt of for a long time. It wasn't to create a carte blanche for either of us to fuck anyone either of us wanted. If you become a slave, I could have sex with you, but you'd be a slave just like the rest of them and subject to the same rules, the same punishments, the same restrictions and the same humiliations. You'd be required to serve everyone the same. You don't strike me as submissive in any way. I suspect you're not a dominant either, which is one of the reasons you're having so much trouble accepting Ron as a submissive." 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"It's not just that. He likes cock. I believe he wants cock more than he wants me." 

"Perhaps. I don't know. I think he still loves you, no matter what sex he has predilections towards. If you do decide to become his Mistress, he can't fuck anyone you don't want him to. He wouldn't be sucking cock now if you didn't tell him to serve under the table. He may want to, but you're in charge. You can keep him all to yourself, or share him with whoever you want. It's your choice." 

"I understand that, but I want him to want me as a woman, not fuck me because I've given him an order." 

"Do you think my fucking you in front of him is going to change that? Are you trying to make him jealous?" 

"Maybe," Regina admitted. "He's always looked up to you, although now I wonder if he wasn't lusting after you. Having sex with a bunch of women didn't bother him. I was hoping if he watched a man fucking me, he might feel something, anything, which would give me a clue if he damn well cares for me at all." 

"I can't help you. It's possible one of the single guys wouldn't have a problem with it but I do." 

"I suspect Ed and Rob will try to double team one of the slaves, and that leaves Jerry and Chen," Regina said. 

"Do you have an issue fucking a black man or Chinese man?" 

"Are you asking if I'm racist?" 

"You don't have to be racist to have a preference. Everyone has their own ideals of who's attractive to them. You might think Brad Pitt is the bee's knees, or Gerard Butler may be more your style. You may not find Jerry hot, but think Michael B. Jordan is smokin'. All I'm asking is if either of them will do it for you?" 

"I don't know either of them as well as I know you. I didn't play poker with the boys until last Thursday. We have, at least, socialized on several occasions. I know them enough to wave 'hi' in the grocery store." 

"Jerry works for me and I think he's not only a damn good employee, but one of the finest men I know. If you and he were to hook up, he's not going to run around town bragging he bagged some white bitch. I'm thinking of making him a partner in my business at some point, so I don't have to work as hard. I trust him that much. I've only known Chen for five years, but I think he's a decent guy as well. He's honest and gives me quality workmanship. I tend to hang around with people I admire. The braggarts, liars, dummies, and bigots don't last as my friends. If this is something you feel compelled to do, you probably won't go wrong with any of them, otherwise I wouldn't have shared my wife with them. Even your husband didn't know what was happening here when he came to play on Thursday and any of them could have told him. I'm not worried Julia will have some reputation as the town whore when her slavery is over. If that's of any help to you, you're welcome to it." 

"Okay. Thanks." 

She went over to talk to Jerry. Since she was picking Jerry, I went to talk to Chen. 

"What are the chances of you partnering with me for the second hour?" I asked. 

"Which slave are you interested in purchasing?" Chen asked. 

"Rose," I said. "I was hoping to buy Reneé the first hour." 

"I was hoping to buy Reneé as well first hour. We may have a bidding war for her. Rose is good for second hour, but one of us may not have much money left in hour two if we both bid on Reneé." 

"I was hoping to bid on one I haven't had much time with previously," I said. "Don't forget you can bid for another double. If you speak to Regina, you could find yourself in a threesome with two women." 

"I like you're thinking, Scott. We think alike. Why wouldn't you bid for someone with Regina?" 

"She wanted someone to fuck her while her husband watches. I won't fuck any non-slaves. It violates my agreement with Julia. You should also keep in mind neither Lisa or Julia will be slaves any longer after this week, all of them will be last time deals tonight." 

"They both seemed to like their slavery a great deal. I thought it possible they would continue." 

"I doubt I could continue past this week. It's distressing seeing my wife with other men. I wanted to let her experience her fantasy and enjoy it to the greatest extent possible, but I had to limit it as to time." 

"If you anticipate neither Lisa or Julia continuing to our next poker game, I might be able to avoid a bidding war with you for Reneé. I would be content with either of them as well." 

"It's supposed to end on Friday when I get home from work and there won't be a poker game on Thursday, which is why I moved it to today. Neither have them have spoken to me about extending it. I have no control over Lisa, but once I'm no longer Master of my slave, I won't have Julia's permission to have sex with anyone else, so unless Lisa decides to continue with another Master, hers should end at the same time." 

"In that case, I believe we have a workable arrangement, Scott. I will bid on one of the others and with you on Rose." 

"Thanks, Chen." 

It was time to get started again. It was Julia's turn sub rosa, Latin for beneath the table. The break had resulted in all of the cocks but Ron's to settle down again. All the slaves would be starting from scratch. It was Regina's deal and she went with Texas Hold'em. I won and felt Julia's lips surround my cock in their velvet embrace. I wasn't interested in cumming. I was trying to hold out until the slave auction. I didn't know how much I might have left for the rest of the night. I'd cum four times already today and despite the presence of such lovely slave girls, cumming more than twice again this evening seemed like too much to manage. I relaxed as much as I could and let the sensations wash over me without getting an erection. Regina won and my lovely slave had her squirming in orgasm; one of the few times I envied women their biology. Edward won and he did get halfway to a hard on. Chen and Jerry both won and Chen did get an erection. Maybe there was a Chinese herb he knew about. Jerry was like me. I felt he could get an erection but was saving himself. 

Rose replaced Julia under the table. Since she didn't have much to do in the way of serving food and drinks for the moment, I put her on my lap and would occasionally stroke and touch her. None of the slaves had received orgasms since the game began, so after I folded on the next hand, I sucked on her nipple and fingered her wet slit until she spasmed over my fingers. She was breathing fast when I finished and kissed me to show her appreciation for her pleasure. I let her lick my fingers clean. Rob, Jerry, Regina and I won this round. I was showing more interest when Rose finished. Regina came on Rose's talented tongue. 

Rose finished her service and Ron went back under the table. Edward won the first hand and told Ron to get sucking. Ron drained him. When Edward climaxed he stood up and thrust into Ron's mouth with his cock buried at the bottom of his throat. 

"Damn, Rob; you're right. Best fucking blow job I ever had," he said as Ron cleaned off his cock. 

When I looked at Regina, she looked miserable, disgusted at the state of her life and marriage. When she won the next hand, she passed on her husband's service, she was so upset. I thought Rob looked upset when his wife denied him. I won the next one and I passed on Ron. My slave looked relieved I did. She needn't have been concerned. No matter how great Ron's blow jobs were, I couldn't see myself getting one from someone with a beard and mustache. Jerry won the next hand and he passed on it too. 

Nobody passed on Lisa or Reneé. I won twice, one with each and was feeling prepared for further adventures when Reneé was done. Chen also won twice, both with Lisa and almost climaxed again. Regina, Jerry, Edward and Rob all won once to conclude the game, Regina with Lisa and the others with Reneé. I couldn't be sure, but Chen and I looked pretty close in our piles of chips, Jerry and Regina not too far behind and Edward and Rob tale end Charlies. Regina hadn't done as well this week as last and I thought at least part of her problems were due to her emotional state. She hadn't reacted well to her husband sucking cocks, but she was the one who made him available. I wouldn't say she was confused, because I believe she knew what she wanted, but it wasn't what she was getting and it frustrated her. 

With Reneé finished, I stopped the game and our five slaves put the remaining food away and got everyone another drink before we gathered in the living room. I fastened Rose to the beam displaying her for sale, putting a paper bag at her feet marked M.A.D.D. 

"I'm going to tell you a little about each slave during the initial sale as the second will be quicker, as it may help you determine how you wish to bid for the slaves each time." I went into my spiel. "The first slave to be sold tonight is Rose. She will be sold to a single owner for approximately one hours time with her, the time beginning at the conclusion of the slave sale until 10:55 AM when sexual activity will cease and all slaves will be released and allowed to shower for their next sale. The slaves will hurry as they will be sold again at 11:00 for their use until 11:55 when they'll be allowed to clean up again. The day will be over at that time. Her winning bid will go to Mothers Against Drunk Drivers. Rose is an experienced slave, having served her Mistress for over six years. While she prefers females, she's been trained to service anyone who wants her delightful, tight little body. What am I bid for her?" 

Jerry put a bid in of a hundred dollars. I thought he was going in with Regina as a pair; that had appeared to be the tenor of her conversation after speaking with me, but he was bidding on a solo slave. Nobody else put in a bid, I guess it was decided who people would be bidding on to some degree, because no one else bid on Rose. Everyone would get a slave so no one would go without, which tempered the bidding. I would be bidding on her with Chen next round. 

"Sold to Jerry for one hundred dollars," I said. I released Rose and Jerry took possession of her, setting her on his lap. I fastened Julia up to the beam, stretching her tight. I kissed her, whispering, "I'm not going to bid on you so you can experience others as much as possible. Have a good time tonight." 

"Thank you, Master," she whispered back. 

"This slave has been well trained in how to please both men and women. This slave has what is known as 'slave heat'. Despite having had little sex over the past several hours, or perhaps because she hasn't, you'll find this slave is wet and eager to fuck." I pushed two fingers into her cunt and she climaxed immediately, gasping and thrashing on my hand. "As you can see," pulling out my fingers and showing them to the other bidders. "Her winning bid goes to the American Red Cross. 

Chen and Regina put in an offer of one hundred dollars, the Strong twins bumping the offer to $125, Chen and Regina upping it to $150 and the twins going to $175. Chen and Regina conferred for a few moments, then declined to bid further. It made my job easier as knowing they'd be going for Lisa as a pair, I would have the bidding to myself on Reneé. As I released Julia from the slave block and sent her to Edward and Rob, I remembered last Thursday how they'd split Lisa on their cocks when she chose to service all winners at once. Lisa had been stuffed to the gills and I pictured Julia spit-roasted or having one of their thick cocks in her cunt and ass at the same time. My wife would be well used by the two of them. I fastened Reneé to the slave block for sale so she could experience it, even if I would be the only one to make a bid. 

"Next up for bid is Reneé. This delicate flower comes to us by way of Gwen, who recruited her for this party. She's an admitted bisexual and has been with both men and women previously having served both with all three of her lovely fuck holes. She's never been in a menage before, so when she's sold to a couple later, it will be her first experience with multiple partners. Her winning bid goes to the World Wildlife Foundation. I'm going to bid $100 for her services." 

I might have been able to have her for nothing, but having no money bid would have been insulting and the money would be going to a good cause. 

Chen, the tricky bastard, bid $150. I assumed we'd had an understanding and I thought he'd be bidding on Lisa with Regina. "$175," I said. 

"$200," Chen bid again. 

"$225," I said. 

"Ah, Scott. I just wanted you to bid what this slave was worth," Chen said. "You were going to get by too cheaply." 

I laughed. The fucker had a point. I put $225 in Reneé's bag. 

I released Reneé and showed her the display position. I told her I wanted her to hold in that position until the slave auction was completed. She assumed the position and I touched her cunt and she quivered. My fingers were wet. Being sold seemed to affect all slaves the same. 

I fastened Lisa to the auction block. "Lisa has only been a slave for a week and three days," I said. "Before she started her service to me, she was taken to a club to complete her training. I saw her service eight men in her cunt and five men and two women with her mouth before she'd been there for two hours. Everyone saw Edward and Rob fuck her together last Thursday and she took both their cocks. She's been trained by Mistress Dark to satisfy women. Any bid for this slave will be money well spent. Her bids will go to the March of Dimes. What will you bid for this beautiful slave." I looked pointedly at Chen and Regina who could now have her for nothing. 

"She's worth at least $225," Chen said, "and that is what we bid." 

"Good bid. All slaves are now sold. Remember, the slave can say, 'Alpha' and all activity must end as soon as she does. If she cannot speak, the slave will slap or tap the nearest person, three times. That is the same as saying, 'Alpha', and you must stop what you're doing until you've determined the nature of her discomfort. If the slave says, 'Omega', they are no longer a slave and must be released. There are no exceptions to that rule. Julia, you may take your two purchasers to our bedroom. Lisa, take yours to Sarah's bedroom. Jerry, you can take Rose to the third bedroom. I'll remain here in the living room. Leave the bedroom doors open so I can check on the status of the slaves if I need to. They're all my responsibility and I don't want any of them harmed." 

Edward asked, "Quick question here. Do you have any objection to us spanking any of our slaves? We have purchased their full use, have we not?" 

I looked at their big hands, brawny arms and powerful chests and my lovely little slave, looking frail beside them. She nodded yes. "It will be up to the slave if they can be punished," I said, "but no more than twenty swats total and you can't leave any bruising. Their mouths must be free so they can say 'Alpha' if necessary." 

Edward looked at Rob and said, "We can work with that." I sure hoped Julia knew what she was doing. 

"I'll see you all at 10:55 then." 

They all disappeared into their respective rooms, Regina ordering Ron to go with her and Chen, leaving me with Reneé. I left her standing in the Display position while I gathered some items to use with my new slave. 

****** 

JULIA 

When Master hung me up for sale, I felt like a fly in a spider's web. One juicy little bug caught and waiting to be eaten. Then Master shoved his fingers in me to demonstrate my heat and I'd climaxed all over his fingers like the slutty slave I was. I understood the rule changes would affect the bidding, obvious when Rose went for the ridiculously low bid of $100 to Jerry. I would have paid as much for Rose myself and I liked men, but she was a superb cunt licker. 

Both the Strong twins and Chen and Regina bid for my services. I wouldn't mind either pair, but I preferred to be purchased by the Strongs. I'd likely be well fucked in all my holes if they bought me. I could feel my cum running down my legs as they bid. They purchased my services and Master sent me to them while he finished the auction. They held me between them running their hands over my body, testing my slave heat themselves. Their cocks were half hard already, despite the number of times they'd cum today. My last turn of the dice had resulted in them fucking one hole, then the other, both leaving their cum in me. I hoped tonight I would feel them both together, like Lisa did last week. This use was not to orgasm, which would happen quickly for me, but for nearly an hour of their time. 

Master was giving the final instructions when Edward asked if they could punish a slave, and I knew they wanted to spank me as they'd seen me spanked before; with the whip last Thursday and with the Enforcer today by Master's father. I grew even damper and knew if they touched me in that moment, I'd orgasm again. Master looked at me for guidance and I nodded yes. Master said no more than twenty and and no bruises, protecting me from myself. Business concluded, I led them into my bedroom, my husband's and mine. It was not the first time other men would have me in this bedroom, but the first time without my Master present. 

"How may a slave serve you, Masters?" I said, kneeling. 

They sat next to each other on the bed, their cocks not rigid, but nearly so. Rob said, "Suck." 

"Alternately, or one at a time, sir?" 

"Alternately," Edward said, "just to get us real hard to fuck you with." 

"Yes, Masters." 

Starting with Rob, I started sucking them for roughly a minute at a time, alternating from one thick prick to the other. In the next five minutes, I had them both moaning every time my mouth descended over a shaft, straining my jaw to get over their cocks. When you could hang a beach towel over their dicks without worrying it would fall to the floor, Rob got behind me, lifted my ass from the floor, standing me on my feet, and pushed into my pussy. I spasmed, convulsing over his prick. Needy slave. For the next several minutes, Rob fucked me from behind while Edward skewered my throat. Then they switched and I tasted myself on Rob's cock as Edward sent me into another orgasm, fucking hard from behind. 

Neither of these men were likely to cum soon, having emptied themselves multiple times today. Rob lay down on the bed and bid me mount his cock. He pulled me down against his chest and I thought Edward would now fuck my back door, but he surprised, smacking my bottom hard instead. I shivered and squealed, nearly cumming again. He smacked my other globe and I did, moaning and panting. 

"This slave loves to be spanked," Rob said. "She climaxed when you swatted her." 

I'm sure Edward already knew. It wasn't my little secret. I made enough noise when I climaxed. He continued to spank my taut bottom, riding his brothers massive missile. The heat spreading from my reddening buttocks to my pussy and even my tits, rubbing against Rob's hairy chest. He gave me ten and stopped. Grabbing the lube from the bedside table, he smeared some over my puckered star and I knew he was going to fill my ass with his giant cock. As much as it scared me to imagine both of their twin cocks spearing me below, it also aroused hell out of me. The second I felt Edward's prick push against my crinkled sphincter, I orgasmed again, mewling with my pleasure. Edward tried to go slowly, but when he was halfway in, I backed fully onto his cock so both of them speared me at once, and I shuddered, having another orgasm, or perhaps the stronger half of the last one, shaking like a leaf as they met deep in my body. 

I couldn't stop moaning, throatily saying, "Fuck me, Masters! Fuck me. Leave your cum in both my holes." 

They did just that, fucking me, first one, then the other, then both at once in rhythm, then one sliding out as the other slid in. They fucked me twelve ways to Sunday and I orgasmed over and over, turning my cunt into a morass of my cum. Finally, I felt Edward swell in my bottom and his cock twitched as he sent his load deep in my rectum. Rob, climaxed shortly after, while Edwards was still injecting me with his cum, adding his own ingredient into my soup. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
When their spasms ended, Edward fed me his cock and I tasted my bottom on him. I'd prepared for this by cleansing myself this morning. 

I gobbled his meat while he moaned, "That is so fucking hot, you slut." 

Of course I was a slut. I was a slave. Masters wanted to own sluts. Virginal 'good girls' were of no use to a strong Master. They wanted obedient 'bad girls', who would fuck them any way they wanted. 

Edward clean, Rob pulled out of me and I cleaned him as well, his cock milky with my cream and his. I checked the time. We still had around twenty minutes. 

"Would my Master's like me to attempt getting them hard again?" I asked. 

"We'll be struggling to fuck whoever we buy next hour as it is," Edward said. "Rob can take his ten swats and then we'll lie on the bed with you between us playing with you until our time is up." 

"Of course, Master. Master Rob, would you like me over your lap?" I asked. 

"Hell, yes," he replied. I got over his lap with my already reddened bottom in the air. He took his ten swats, striking me every bit as hard as Edward did. I could feel Rob's cock stirring under my legs, not to hardness, but to life anyway. Afterward, they both got on the bed and I lay between them as they petted and stroked me, first one kissing me, then the other. I orgasmed again while kissing Edward with his finger in my cunt and Rob's in my ass. Our time expired. I got up to take a quick shower, feeling sore, tired and very satisfied. Thank you, Master, for your loving gift to me. 

****** 

SCOTT 

Reneé remained standing in the display position until I returned. Her body still quivered when I touched her core, waiting for me to find out what I was going to do with her or to her. I could hear my slave cumming in the bedroom, her moans muffled by something in her mouth; I suspected a fat cock. 

I sat down on the couch and called her to me. She came and knelt down at my feet. 

"Yes, Master," she whispered. "How may I serve you?" 

"Have you ever been spanked?" I asked. 

"Not since I was a child," she said, trembling. 

"I will not force a spanking on you, Reneé. However, I will give you the choice to decide if you'd like to be spanked. What I'd like to do is fuck your mouth, your ass and your cunt and cum in all three, but the days activities will preclude my using you as you deserve to be used, fucked until you can barely stand, so we've got to fill our time together with other activities. I have a number of ideas to make your time with me enjoyable, but I'd like to know if one of those activities should be a spanking." 

"Will it hurt, sir?" 

"It will. I won't lie to you, but it will be a momentary pain which should have disappeared before you're sold again. I won't do it that hard. I'll use my hand, and not the instrument Julia was spanked with this afternoon. I will also make sure you have an orgasm or two before I start. This releases natural painkillers into your body before I start so it hurts even less than it might." 

We heard the start of Julia's spanking, somebody's large hand falling on her delectable ass. She was moaning in orgasm before the third one fell. 

Reneé heard Julia cumming and asked, "Is Julia cumming?" 

"It certainly sounds as if she is," I said. "If you say, "Alpha," which is your first safe word, the spanking will stop at that point and you won't be struck again." 

She thought for a moment or two. "I wouldn't mind trying it, sir." 

"Good girl. You may enjoy it or you may not. There's sometimes a close relationship between pleasure and pain, which Julia just demonstrated. If you don't enjoy it, you'll know, won't you." 

"Yes, sir," she answered. "Do I get over your lap?" 

"Not yet," I replied. "Your orgasms come first. Sit on my lap and kiss me." 

She climbed onto my lap and we kissed as I caressed her body. She was panting before too long. I suckled one of her petite nipples while slipping my hand between her legs and stroking her sex. Before long, she was rubbing against my hand, striving to feel my fingers enter her wet cavern. I pushed them in and she shuddered suddenly, her cunt squeezing my fingers as they were moistened in her dew. While she was still gasping, I laid her on the couch and put my face between her legs, licking at her liquid core, trying to extend and build upon her orgasm. I felt I was successful when she grabbed my head and held my mouth against her pussy as she shuddered through several convulsive contractions. 

As she eased down off her euphoric high, I turned her over my lap. She looked back at me, startled at the suddenness of my move and she tightened in preparation for my hand. Rather than spank her lean bottom to start, I stroked it instead, molding the curves, teasing the crevice, soothing her. 

"Now, I'll begin," I said and brought my hand down with a medium smack. 

"Ungh," she said, wincing. 

"Not too bad, was it?" I asked. 

"No, sir." 

Instead of smacking her again, I ran my hand over the soft skin for a few moments, calming her again. 

"Again," I said, just before lifting my hand and bringing it down with the same force. 

She winced once more, though not as much this time, growing accustomed to it. Petting and stroking, a smack, more petting. Pretty soon, she turned away from me, not even watching, knowing it was bearable and she would survive it without major harm. I went through fifteen of fairly similar swats, alternating from one side to the other, left cheek to right and back. 

"The next five will be a little harder, not much, okay?" 

"Yes, sir." 

The next five were five to ten percent harder, but they didn't seem to bother her more than the first fifteen. 

"I'm all done," I said. "How does it feel?" 

"It's warm," Reneé said, "like a mild sunburn, but deeper and not just where I was struck. The warmth spread. I can feel in my pussy, Master. It feels warmer too." 

"Touch your skin," I said. "Put your hand on it and compare it to your arm or leg." 

Her hand gingerly touched her bottom, then a thigh and back to her bottom. 

"It's warmer, maybe five degrees or more. Why, sir?" 

"I'm not sure. Part increased blood flow to the region, perhaps some frictional warmth. I believe the increased blood flow is responsible for the warmth you believe you can feel in your cunt. Increased blood flow is usually part of the sexual preparation of the body. Blood to a cock to get hard, blood to your genitals and clitoris as you get excited. The increased blood flow comes as a result of the spanking instead of sexual arousal, which is why there might be a connection for some people between punishment and pleasure. Did you find some enjoyment in it?" 

"Some, sir. The tenderness is already going away." 

"I've got a vibrating plug I'm going to put in your bottom now. I've got some lube here and I'm going to prepare you for the plug, all right?" 

"Yes, sir." 

I spread the lubricant around her sphincter and inside, around the muscular rim. Her bottom relaxed as my fingers lazily moved around her back entry. I knew she'd already been used in the ass previously today, and I was in no hurry. I had some time. When she seemed ready, I aimed the plug at the target and pushed downward. She opened up for it, spreading around the thickness of the plug, moaning as it reached its widest point and sighing as it closed around the neck. I turned it on. 

"Mmm, it feels nice, Master." 

"Good. I want to fuck you now," I said. "I want you to climb onto my cock and fuck yourself. Go as fast or slow as you want. I should last for quite awhile." 

Reneé spread herself over my lap and lowered her pussy over my prick. I leaned back enough to extend more of my length into her. 

"Oh, fuck!" She exclaimed. "I'm cumming. Oh, God that feels good. Can you feel the vibrator too?" 

"Yes, there's not enough tissue between me and it for me not to feel it. It should actually be making my cock vibrate slightly inside your pussy. Can you tell?" 

"Yes, Master. It feels incredible." 

Reneé rode me, sometimes faster, sometimes slower. Sometimes we were kissing, breathing the others breath. Sometimes sighing at the pure pleasure. Sometimes I would thumb her tiny nipples, other times I'd suck on them, or bite, which made her squeal and seemed to speed her release. Usually, one hand was on her bottom, stroking the lovely cheeks, but frequently tapping the bottom of the plug, or stroking a smooth thigh. Reneé was cumming frequently as she had control of her ride. When I heard someone smacking Julia's bottom again, I spasmed, gasping, grunting, and sent my meager gift deep in Reneé's cunt, bucking upward into her. My pulses ended quickly without much fluid to give. I rapidly shrank after, unable to sustain any kind of hardness at this point. 

Reneé seemed disappointed it was over. She'd been climaxing frequently. I laughed at her dismay. 

"You didn't think the plug was the only toy I brought, did you?" I held up a vaginal vibrator. "I was a Boy Scout, always prepared was my motto," I said. She laughed then and kissed me. 

"Do you know how to use it, or must I show you how, Master?" 

"I think I can figure it out," I laughed. "Insert part A, into slot B, isn't it?" I inserted A into B and turned it on, Reneé moaning. 

"Yes," she gasped, "I think that's right, Master. Perfect." 

I adjusted the vibration pattern until I found one to really make her squeal in conjunction to the one buzzing in her buttocks, then fucked her with it until the alarm on my watch sounded telling me we had to stop. 

"Don't worry," I said when confronted with her sad expression. "We're going to sell you again to a pair of Masters. I'm sure they can keep you going awhile longer. Use the shower in my bathroom. Your cunt is dripping wet." 

"Who's fault is that, Master?" 

"Who was cumming all the time? Not me. I climaxed once. I think you're totally responsible." I smacked her bottom. "Go, you don't have much time. Somebody else will want to fuck you." 

She skipped away from a second swat and ran into the bathroom laughing. 

****** 

JULIA 

Reneé came into the bathroom moments before I turned on the water. I invited her in to join me. 

"Your Master is so wonderful," she gushed. "I don't think I've ever cum so much or so hard. You must love serving him." 

"My husband did right by you then?" I asked. 

"Your husband?" Reneé said. "Your Master is your husband?" 

"Gwen didn't tell you?" I asked. 

"No, I'm so sorry. Please forgive me." 

"Forgive you for what?" I was confused. 

"For having sex with your husband," she said, equally confused. 

"My Master just sold me to two men who both had their fat pricks fucking me at the same time and I receive an apology from you because he had sex with you? I'm sorry, but that doesn't compute." 

"But he's your husband," she said, disbelieving I wouldn't be upset she'd fucked Scott. 

"But he's also my Master and for the time he is my Master, and I'm his slave, we have agreed that we're doing nothing wrong and we cannot harm our relationship. I'm glad you had a good time with him. It would mean he would think of me less often in the arms of Rob and Edward." 

"Why are you doing this if you're married?" Reneé asked. 

"Master saw what books I liked to read and realized I had fantasies of being a sex slave to others. He is allowing me to live out my fantasy for three weeks," I replied. 

"Is it like this all the time?" 

"No, nothing as crazy as today. Today was definitely the wildest day yet. It's time to get sold again, finish up quickly." 

I got out and dried off while Reneé finished rinsing off. I handed her my towel, waiting for her to wipe most of the dampness from her body, then I took her hand and led her out to be auctioned off to the highest bidders, two of them this time. 

"Just in time," Master said. We got in line with the others and Master put our bags by our feet again with our charities. "Since we've already discussed the qualifications of the various slaves, I'll have them step forward one by one to be bid upon." He looked at Chen. "Would I be right in assuming you and I are still bidding on the same slave?" He asked him. 

Chen chuckled. "It's a fair question and a reasonable assumption. I'll bid with you." 

"Rose, step forward and display." 

Rose stepped up and assumed the display position. "Chen and I will be bidding $100 for this slave," Master said. 

Edward said, "Regina and I will bid $150." 

There were three stunned people when Edward spoke. Master, though I was unsure why he was stunned. Me, because I would have thought Edward would be double teaming with his brother, Rob, again, and Rob, who assumed the same. 

"Ed, what the fuck!" Rob exclaimed. 

"Might be the only chance I ever have to be in a threesome with two women," Edward said by way of explanation. 

"Regina," Master said, "I thought for sure you were going in with Jerry this time." 

"I did too, but Jerry wanted to bid on a solo again. He has other plans for his hour." 

Chen said, "$200 bid for Rose." 

"$225," Regina said. 

"$250," Chen answered. 

Edward and Regina conferred, checking their remaining funds. "You've got the bid," Regina said. 

Master told Rose to sit with Chen. 

"Julia," Master said, "Move forward and display for the bidders." 

I stood next to Master, my hands behind my neck, my legs spread a suitable distance apart, displaying my cunt for those wishing to bid on me. Being sold again, I felt myself liquefy, though I'd just showered. 

"$100," Rob said. 

I was surprised he'd bid on me again. He'd just shared me with his brother. On the other hand, without Edward to bid with, the only other person he could bid on alone was Lisa. I think Rob appreciated my extra height. We fit together better than he would with the smaller Lisa, though once you are on your knees, height doesn't make much difference. 

"$150," Jerry said. 

"$175," Rob answered. 

Master shoved two fingers into me suddenly and I gasped and orgasmed, straining against his hand. 

"This slave is still hot," Master said, "even after fucking Ed and Rob." He fed me his fingers to clean. 

"$200," Jerry said. 

Rob counted his remaining funds. He hadn't spent too much on me last time since he split the cost with Edward, but Edward and Rob had done the worst in the poker game. He knew Jerry had more money than he did, as Jerry had gotten off lightly last time as well, getting Rose for a hundred. It was a question of how much Jerry was willing to spend when he had others to bid on as well. 

"$263," Rob said. "It's all I've got." 

"$265," Jerry answered. "Unless Ed and Regina split up their group and put a bid in, I believe I own a slave for the next hour." 

Master waited a moment to see what happened, and when nothing did, he said, "Sold to Jerry for $265." He patted me on my buttocks and told me to go to my new Master. 

I went to Jerry and asked how I could served him. He handed me 265 in chips and told me to drop it in my charity sack and get him a rum and cola. I did both while Master auctioned off Reneé. 

It was a fast auction. Regina and Edward were the only ones bidding. They did offer up $150 for her services despite being the only bidder. Which left Lisa to Rob. He donated $150 as well to March of Dimes. He saved himself $113 by not winning me. Master reminded everyone of the rules regarding safe words. He sent Jerry and myself to the third bedroom, Ed, Regina and Reneé to Sarah's room. Ron tagged along with Regina again, her slave to do with as she wanted. Master, Chen and Rose took our bedroom and Rob and Lisa remained in the living room. We all went our separate ways. 

Jerry took me to the assigned bedroom, having me display again when we got there. He sat on the bed and watched me. 

"Master Jerry," I asked, "are you going to spend the whole hour watching me or will you be using your slave?" 

"Don't worry," he said, "I'll be using you. I merely want to look at you for a few minutes." 

"Why did you choose to buy me and not one of the other slaves?" I asked. "Two of them were new to you. You've fucked me before." 

"I did fuck one of the others," Jerry replied. "But I could not buy both of them at once, and to be honest, I wanted you anyway. The last time I fucked you, I only had one part of you. I wanted every part of you. I've always thought you were the most beautiful woman I've ever met. I sincerely doubt Scott will make you available to others after today. He'd be a fool to. If I was going to have you again, it had to be today." 

"Don't develop feelings for me, sir. I can't return them. What I've done as a slave will never happen again." 

"I understand completely," Jerry said. "I've always thought you and Scott were the perfect couple and I would never get between you, but as he provided me this opportunity, I'd be a fool not to take it. I want you to kneel down and suck my cock."  

"Yes, Master." 

I stepped forward and sank to my knees. His cock lay flaccid between his legs, thick and long. I took it in my hands and inserted the tip in my mouth. I started licking the crown, over the head, under the flange, licking up the frenum. He started to grow and stiffen. I moved down his shaft, swallowing, letting him invade my throat. I slurped my way back up his stalk, my lips moving over the veined flesh, feeling him enlarge more, then down, deeper this time, filling my throat. Up, licking the blood filled column, then down, gently sucking. My hands caressed his sack, heavy, the testes inside massive. 

"Fuck!" He groaned. "Is it true you couldn't deep throat two weeks ago?" 

I pulled off his stalk, nibbling the tip. 

"It's true, Master. Nor would I swallow Master's cum. I found it distasteful, not the taste itself, but the slimy texture of it. It felt thick and gooey. On only the most special of occasions could I force myself to swallow." I sucked the crown again. 

"What the fuck changed? Isn't it the same now as it was then?" 

"For the first two or three days, I had to wear the Slave Trainer and I wasn't allowed to cum unless Master was cumming in my mouth. The desperation I felt wearing the trainer and need to orgasm myself, drove me to do all I could to make Master climax. When the only way you can find relief is with the taste and texture of cum in your mouth, it starts to taste and feel much better flowing into my mouth than outside of it." 

I lightly stroked his shaft while I sucked one of his balls in my mouth and caressed it with my tongue. Master Jerry felt very hard to me now. He would have no problem penetrating his new slave. 

I looked up at him. "Fuck me, sir. Fuck your needy slave. Make her cum on your cock, Master." 

"Not yet," he said. "I want to use every second of every minute I have with you." He picked me up like a child and threw me on the bed. "Spread your legs," he growled. "I want to taste you." 

I hastily obeyed, wanting to be tasted as much as he wanted to taste. His mouth found my cunt and his tongue speared into me, thick and slick and feeling so good inside me. I moaned for him, the first of many to come. He was digging so deep, I felt he might find some of Rob's cum still inside me. Then his tongue came out and a finger went in and he licked his way up my slit to my clit, sending me over the edge. I held his head, thrusting my hips against him, trying to merge my pussy and his face. He didn't stop until he gave me another and when he moved up my body, I was ready for him. 

His cock slid into me, easy peasy, thick and hard and nice and long. I shuddered again, wrapping my legs around his ass and pulling him into me. 

"Fuck me, Master," I moaned. "Fuck me hard. Fuck me fast. Make your slave cum again." 

He drove into me, letting me feel all of him, then pulled out until he was barely inside me, then thrusting, splitting me apart. I clutched his back, scraping my nails along his skin, making him shiver. Plunging again, over and over, churning my cunt to butter. I orgasmed again, screaming, then again, sobbing, and again, melting, begging for him to use me, his pitiful slave. Over and over, minute after minute, he fucked me, a bitch in heat and I loved every second. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
He pulled out and I whimpered, pleading to be filled some more, to cum some more. He told me to get on my hands and knees and I obeyed. His cock found my back door and shoved deep inside, filling another hole, another need. I screamed again and spasmed. 

"Fuck my ass, sir," I pleaded. "Cum in my ass. Fill me with your hot cum." 

Every one of the men had climaxed multiple times today. Load after load of their cum spilled in a slaves mouth, or ass or cunt. I wanted another one. Master Jerry was going to give it to me if he couldn't fuck again for a week. I clamped my ass over his shaft, begging with my body for what I'd already begged for aloud. I thought I was failing, I wouldn't get the reward I wanted, but finally, I felt his cock swell and pulse, giving me what little he had to give. He didn't last long after, his body surrendering to its need for rest. When he pulled out of me, I turned and swallowed his cock, cleaning him, ending my time with him as I'd started it, sucking his cock. 

"Stop please," he said. "I don't think it can take any more stimulation." 

I pulled off him and giggled. "Thank you, Master for making your slave girl very happy. I loved fucking you." 

"As I loved fucking you, slave. I didn't think it was possible to cum as much as I have today. You're magic. You're all magic; all you fucking slaves. You conjure hard pricks out of thin air. Come here and kiss me." 

"Yes, Master," I said, crawling up his body, sweaty, reeking of sex, my body fair and his dark. I laid in his arms and we kissed as he stroked me, softly, gently. "Just a few minutes more and the day is over. It has been the grandest day of my life and I'm happy I ended it with you, Master." 

"As am I, Mrs. Rivers." 

"Not Mrs. Rivers yet, Master, else I'd not be abed with you. Still a slave until Friday." We kissed again. He stroked my breasts, my nipples still hard, peaked from our pleasure. "Five more minutes, Master." 

****** 

SCOTT 

Chen and I led Rose to my bedroom. She was lovely. Mistress Dark had been generous to provide her to us for the next couple days. Despite her predilections towards her own sex, Rose would be a passionate and generous lover. She was well trained at pleasing her dominants, no matter if they were men or women and she'd shown some affection to me before, even today when she asked that I be one of those to use her. We got onto the bed and Rose began sucking my cock. It remained resistant to her charms, already well used this day, so I told her to concentrate on Chen instead, who was already half hard. 

"Is there some trick you have to help you with your erections?" I asked. "I know you've probably cum as many times as I have." 

"You are asking if I know of any special Chinese secrets to add steel to my cock," Chen said, "like rhinoceros horn, or ginseng or whatever potions inscrutable Eastern magicians have mixed for us." 

"If you're going to put it that way," I said, "yes. Any tricks of the orient you'd like to share with your Western brother." 

Rose's oral skills were paying fruit; Chen was getting hard again. 

Chen laughed. "My secrets are your secrets, my Western brother, but a lot less often." 

"What do you mean?" I asked. "What secrets do I have." 

"Apparently, two to four naked slave girls waiting on you hand and foot. How many times have you cum the last two or so weeks?" 

"Four to seven times a day," I guessed. "More some days, less others." 

"Yeah, well you've seen every time I've orgasmed in the same time period, because they've all been here, at your house. If I was having sex as often as you were, I might be having some difficulty getting it up at the end of today too. Have you lost any weight the last couple weeks?" 

"A couple pounds," I admitted. 

Chen, now hard, got Rose into a doggy style position and pushed into her cunt, while she tried again to get a rise out of me. He started fucking her. 

"I read this article a couple weeks back in an old Woman's Day magazine lying around my dentist's office which says kissing, just kissing, burns around 68 calories an hour. Now, this is for a 180 pound man, for women, it's usually less due to lower weight. If the kissing is vigorous and includes some petting, up to 90 calories an hour. If you get creative, you might burn even more. Making out, a little rolling around, maybe a some oral thrown in, is around 230 calories every half hour. Giving a woman a massage, about 80 calories an hour. Having actual sex, like I'm having right now and you're not; 69 calories for Rose in 25 minutes, about a hundred for me. Moaning and sighing, believe it or not, might add and extra 18-30 calories per sex session. Giving oral sex, like Rose is now, 100 calories per hour, but she's also fucking, so 240 calories per hour is what she's burning. A hand job is worth a hundred an hour, but if Rose were doing both, someplace in between 100 and 200. Romantic dancing, even clothed is 219 per hour. Unless you're eating right and getting lots of sleep, you are burning the candle at both ends, my friend. I'm willing to bet you haven't slept eight hours since this whole gig started, have you?" 

"Not hardly." 

"No Eastern magic, buddy. You're just getting worn out." 

"So, what are you suggesting? I stop." 

"Fuck no!. Not unless Julia doesn't want to give up her slavery on Friday. Then you might want to sleep for a day. You only have this amazing phenomenon for another three or four days. Fuck the hell out of her and Lisa until it's over and rest then. Just realize you're going to be flagging at the end of a long day of sex, and I'm not because I'm only doing it once a week. I'd trade places with you in a heartbeat." 

We all heard Julia scream in the other room. 

"You need to go check on her?" Chen asked. 

"Don't think so," I said. "That was not a scream of pain. More of a fuck me more kind of scream." 

"You guys are crazy," Chen said, "but I'm the luckiest guy in the world to be friends with you. I've had more sex in the last two weeks than the previous two months, and I'm on the outside looking in." 

Chen was speeding up, reaching a resolution. He was grunting and slamming into Rose hard. He suddenly locked up and sent the last of his seed into Rose's pussy. 

"Damn, that probably did it for me too," he said, pulling out of her, shrinking rapidly. Rose started cleaning him off. 

Finished, Rose said, "Masters, I can get you both hard again if you want to fuck some more." 

"I don't think so, sweetheart," Chen said. "It felt like the end of the line for me." 

"Slaves have ways of helping Masters," Rose said. "Some need more help than others, like Master Sherman today." 

"I don't want to wear a strap-on just to have sex with you, Rose," I said. "You'll be here a couple days. I can have sex tomorrow. I know you prefer women anyway. Why encourage me to have sex with you?" 

"I'm not talking about a strap-on, Master. I'm talking about giving you and Chen an erection to have real sex with me. And I don't feel forced into having sex with you, sir. I enjoy your company even if I would prefer sex with Julia. Do you trust me?" 

"Sure I trust you," I said. "Will it take long?" 

"Not at all, Master. I'll be right back." 

Rose got up and I heard her go outside to the pool area. 

"Do you have any idea of what she's planning?" I asked Chen. 

"Not a clue, but if she can get me hard again, I'm all for trying it." 

Rose returned in a couple minutes with a couple of the anal vibrators I had gotten for the dice game today and a bottle of lube. 

"What are you going to do with that?" I said, pointing to the vibrators. 

"Prostate stimulation. Do you trust me, Master?" 

I looked at Chen. He looked at me. "What the fuck," he said. "I let Ron suck my cock today. It can't get any stranger than that." 

"What do we have to do?" I said, giving in. 

"Just lie on the bed with your legs bent and spread apart, Masters, and I'll do the rest." 

We lay side by side on the bed with our legs bent and spread. I don't know about Chen, but I felt pretty stupid. Rose applied lube to our rectums and the egg shaped vibrator on the tip of the wands. She eased them into our asses and turned them on. The eggs massaging our prostates in conjunction with some oral stimulation, soon had two erections springing from our groins. With two hard cocks, Rose mounted mine, sliding her pussy over my prick and told Chen to fuck her ass. Damned if we didn't have enough left to cum again twenty minutes later as we screwed her between us. Thankfully, she climaxed too, a couple times, squirming delightfully as she orgasmed. 

When we were finally done, I said, "Thank you, Rose. That was a generous thing you did," and kissed her. Chen did too. 

"You're welcome, Masters. I was happy to help. I enjoyed it, too." 

"Our times up nearly up," I said. "Why don't you take a shower, get all nice and fresh for Reneé. I'll send her in to join you as soon as she gets here." 

"Thank you, Master Scott, Master Chen. Thank you for my orgasms." She disappeared in the bathroom and the shower turned on. 

All the slaves showed up within minutes and I sent Reneé to join Rose in the shower. Both of my other slaves looked well fucked as well, but they could wait until the others were through. The only one who didn't look fucked out was Ron. He still had the erection Regina had ordered at the start of the poker game six hours ago. 

I asked him. "Ron, have you had an orgasm since the dice game?" 

"No, Master," he admitted. 

"Regina, if you're going to have a slave, you're responsible for the slave's pleasure. If he doesn't orgasm soon, he could hurt himself. Priapism is a dangerous condition for men." 

"If you want him to cum, why don't you suck him off, Scott. Or bend over and I'm sure my husband would happily fuck you in the ass. I suspect he's wanted to for years." 

"I'll fuck him, Master," Julia said. "I agree all slaves should be provided some relief." 

"Get on the bed then," I said to her. "Ron, this slave wants you to fuck her. Why don't you take care of her." 

"Yes, Master," he said and Ron climbed onto the bed and slid into my wife's cunt and started thrusting into her, sliding back and forth as easy as pie in her cum laden cunt. Five minutes went by and he was still fucking her. Julia had cum once and was cumming again when Rose and Reneé finished in the shower and joined us watching him. He kept right on fucking. How could someone keep fucking after being erect for six hours was beyond me. Why the hell didn't he cum? 

"Master," Rose said, "did you give him permission to cum?" 

Shit, how could I be so stupid? "Cum, Ron," I ordered. Ron grunted and flooded her cunt with his cream. It was pouring out around his prick, soaking the bed, just as he had this afternoon in Sarah's mouth, a fucking fountain of cum. Julia felt it pouring into her and orgasmed again, adding her own cum to his. Everyone but Rose was flabbergasted at watching it pour from him like water from a spigot. God, he had to be feeling good right now. I could barely imagine the relief. 

He finally stopped flexing into Julia and pulled out, more cum dripping out after him. 

"Well folks, that should do it," I said. "Next games a week from Thursday and it's not going to be at my house. Who's turn is it?" 

"It was nominally my turn last week," Chen said. "Makes it Edward's turn next." 

"Shit!" Edward said. "I'm sure going to miss the games here at your house, Scott. Best damn poker games I've ever been to. I don't even mind not coming out the big winner." 

"Slavery time is over on Friday. Fun and games are done. It's time to get back to real life." 

I sent Julia and Lisa to the showers to wash up. Julia had to hold her hand over her pussy while she walked to the bathroom, leaking profusely. Everyone left. Regina didn't seem too friendly towards Ron on the way out, although Ron didn't show it. He was a slave now. His pleasure would depend on his Mistress, which is why it didn't look good. It didn't seem she gave a fig about his pleasure. Before Jerry left, he told me to take the day off tomorrow. He said we got stuck with all the clean up and he could handle everything at work. I told him I'd take him up on his offer. According to Chen, I needed the rest. 

With all the guests gone, Rose, Reneé and I changed all the sheets on all the beds. I left Rose and Reneé together in Sarah's room, kissing them both goodnight. Lisa and Julia were waiting for me in ours. I took a fast shower as well, feeling sweaty and wrung out. 

"Did my slaves have a good day today?" I asked, climbing into bed between them. 

"Yes, Master," Julia replied, yawning. "A very good day. For the first time since my slavery started, I feel all fucked out, ready to scream if I see another erection." 

"I heard you screaming earlier and it didn't sound as if the sight of an erection was bothering you then." 

"No, Master. I was enjoying myself. But I feel as if I will barely be able to move tomorrow. I'm feeling sore in places I didn't know could get sore." 

I laughed. "Lisa, what about you?" 

No answer, and I suddenly realized she was asleep, breathing softly. No problem, I could ask her in the morning. 

"You don't have to suck me off in the morning for your clothes. I'm not planning to take you anywhere, nor have anyone over. You can sleep as late as you want. I'm going to do the same. Jerry told me he'd handle things tomorrow and I could take the day off." 

Julia hugged me and kissed me. "I'm so happy you'll be with us all day, Master." 

"Good night, my beautiful slave." 

"Good night and thank you for my day of pleasure, Master." 

I was asleep as soon as I closed my eyes, curled around the naked body of my slave. 

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 19|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-19|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<em>The last few days of Lisa's and Julia's slavery. This chapter contains oral sex, lesbian sex, regular intercourse, masturbation, double penetration, bondage, and spankings. As with all the other chapters of this story, STD's are not a concern. </em>

<strong>Ch 19 - The Final Few Days</strong>

JULIA

Master, Lisa and I all awoke around the same time, around 10:30 after approximately ten hours of sleep. It was feeling Lisa stretching which woke Master and I. We both offered to suck him, but he politely declined, saying his prick needed a break for a few more hours. My pussy probably did too. The Strong twins and Jerry stretched me to my limits.

We took our time getting out of bed, snuggling a little, kissing a little, petting a little, warming up. Taking care of our morning necessaries, we left our bedroom to find Rose and Reneé already up, cleaning up the kitchen. We greeted them warmly, five lovely naked bodies hugging and kissing. Master sent Lisa and I out to work on the pool area, cleaning up after the party. Fortunately, the slaves had cleaned the toys after each use, so all we needed to do was find a storage place for all of them. If my slavery was ending, it was unlikely we'd use them often.

Finishing up, we found Master frying up some thick ham steaks before scrambling up a dozen eggs with some milk, cheese, green onions and chives. Since Reneé was leaving today, Master chose to feed her, giving her bites of food as they kissed and he stroked her. She arched into his hands when she orgasmed, wriggling like a slave. She'd probably make a good slave for someone one day. Since Master cooked, the rest of us cleaned up after.

Still needing to relax and unwind after the strenuous events of yesterday, we all got in the hot spa and let the water and bubbles soak away some of the soreness. I got to sit in Master's lap and snuggle against him. It felt good to be cuddled by Master again. He made sure his wandering hands made frequent forays to my breasts and cunt, making his slave squirm in delight.

"Lisa and Reneé, I was wondering if you could tell me what happened while you were with Regina and her partners last night?" Master asked. "Did she only have sex with you, or did she have sex with the males she was with?"

"Regina had sex with Chen while I was with them," Lisa said. "While I fucked her with her strap-on, she sucked Chen's cock, then she rode me while Chen fucked her ass. All the time she was being double penetrated, she kept telling Ron that I fucked her better than he did. She said he was a worthless pansy not good for anything but sucking real men's cocks and taking it up the ass. After Chen climaxed in her rectum, she made Ron suck Chen's cock back to hardness, cleaning his dick off so he could fuck her cunt. I could see she hadn't cleansed herself like Julia and I did. It was messy when he sucked him clean. While Chen fucked her the second time, she licked my cunt, saying I was the only slave who deserved to cum."

"Why are you curious, Master?" I asked.

"Because she asked me to join her in purchasing a slave last night. She wanted me to fuck her while Ron watched. I told her I wouldn't fuck her, which she thought was damned odd because she'd seen me having sex with six slaves during the dice game. I told her what I did to a slave didn't count in my marriage while I was a Master and unless she was a slave, she wasn't fair game. I told her I thought all the single guys were decent enough and wouldn't run around spreading rumors about her. I thought it odd she wanted Ron to watch her having sex. It almost seemed she wanted to make him jealous. She's not accepting of this new Ron as either bisexual or submissive. Despite Ron's willingness to do anything Regina wants him to do as a slave, she can't accept he might prefer having sex with a man instead of her and only because she orders it. What about you Reneé?"

"I had difficulty sucking to get Edward hard, it being the end of the day. While I was sucking him to hardness, Regina licked my pussy. When he was hard, Edward fucked Regina's cunt energetically and she kept telling Ron that Edward had a real cock, a man's cock, not a dinky little dick like his. She said she could finally feel what it was like to be fucked by a real man and not a sissy. She was being quite rude and hurtful and I felt sorry for him sitting there with his erection he had to maintain. His cock isn't even all the small, not as big as Master Edwards, but I've never seen a cock as fat as his is. Ron is certainly as large as Master Chen and most of the men here yesterday. Regina had Ron suck Edward's cock after Edward fucked her, but Ron couldn't get him hard again. Regina told him he wasn't even good for sucking male cock since he couldn't get Master Edward hard again. The rest of the time both of them watched Regina and I sixty-nine."

"I don't think their marriage is going to last," Master said. "It was bad even before this. They sniped at each other all night during the last poker game, and I suspect it was due to the unrealized nature of Ron's submissive feelings and gay leanings. Knowing what the problems are hasn't improved anything. If Regina expected Ron to feel jealousy, he doesn't appear to be showing signs of it. I watched him yesterday when I could and it didn't seem to me he felt anything when Regina was having sex with anyone else, although it was all women during the dice game. Did he seem jealous while Regina was fucking Chen and Edward?"

"Slaves aren't supposed to express emotions such as jealousy, Master," Rose said. "What he felt and what he showed could be completely different."

"Is it even possible for a true submissive to be jealous?" Master asked. "Isn't there an expectation that the dominant may have sex with anyone, even in front of you. Isn't the submissive's only duty to see to the pleasure of their dominant?"

"Duty towards a dominant is different from feelings for a dominant, Master," Rose said. "Despite the length of time Mistress Dark, Slut and I have all been together, I still feel jealousy when Slut is chosen to pleasure her instead of me, or when she's pleasured or even punished in return. I sometimes feel if I were a slightly better, more obedient slave, I would be chosen to serve."

"Julia, you seem to be very submissive and have greatly enjoyed your experiment. Do you feel jealousy?" He pulled back enough he could look me in the eyes and gauge my answer.

"Yes, Master. I believe I feel the same way when you pleasure another woman as you yourself feel when I am with another man. I don't particularly recognize it as jealousy as much as envy, when it's Lisa you choose. I wish it were me you'd chosen and I envy her the pleasure she's about to get which I am not. With other women, there's more jealousy involved. I try to suppress my feelings when you're with them because I know how much you sacrificed to give me this fantasy. It seems pointless and destructive to express my feelings when I've just been cumming on someone else's cock. If you are able to suppress your feelings for me, I should be able to suppress them for you. When you fed and fingered Reneé for brunch, there was a tinge of jealousy. I look at her young, lithe body and wonder if you wouldn't care more for her than me, given a choice. If she were to stay here, I wouldn't find myself behind her in your affections."

"You will never be behind anyone in my affections, dear one," Master said, kissing me. "The only reason I don't bid on you every time myself is so you might experience the true nature of being made to serve others. If I kept you all to myself, you wouldn't understand the totality of being a sex slave."

"I understand, but as much as I've enjoyed my service to others, you're still my one true Master, and I will never enjoy them as I enjoy you, nor love them as I love you."

"Lisa, what about you?" Master asked.

"The only reason I feel no jealousy towards Julia is because I'm here on her sufferance, and if it weren't for her generosity in sharing you, I'd be wallowing in misery in my own house right now, suffering through another day of despair and unhappiness. Despite knowing you're not mine at all, I see other women as a threat to my happiness. When you're with anyone other than Julia, I feel what I would call jealousy."

"Reneé, you're the only one unheard from. What do you say on this topic?"

"I've not had time to develop emotional attachments to anyone here. I've never been with any of you before yesterday. I'm unbelievably grateful just to have been included. It's been the most amazing experience of my young life. The one I feel closest to at this moment is Rose, with whom I spent the night. But I cannot imagine begrudging her the pleasure of seeking sex with anyone else here. Master, I hate to break this up, but I need to leave soon. I need to be to work in three hours and I should change clothes from what I wore here yesterday. May we please leave?"

"Of course," Master said, climbing out of the tub. "I should have checked earlier. We can leave as soon as you're dressed."

"Thank you, Master."

Reneé kissed and hugged each one of us before getting out of the hot tub. She said something to each one, softly and private. To me she whispered, "Thank you for sharing your husband and your fantasy. To be involved in yesterday is something I will never forget."

"You're welcome, Reneé."

Master said, "Since Rose is not my slave and is a guest in our home, I expect both of my slaves to take the utmost care of her and see she enjoys her stay with us. You are to provide her with anything she desires and you have my permission to cum as much as you like."

"Thank you, Master. We'll see to all her wants and needs and ensure she remains comfortable in our home."

Master was so kind. We could play all we want and we wouldn't have to wait for cocks to rise to enjoy it. I looked forward to our afternoon together.

******

SCOTT

Reneé got dressed in the bedroom with me. What modesty existed between Master and slave? It didn't take her long as she hadn't worn much to begin with; Gwen apparently warning her that Masters liked easy access to their slaves. In five minutes we were both ready to go. I had her put her address into the navigation system so I could follow the directions to her apartment.

"Did you have a good time, Reneé?" I asked.

"A marvelous time, sir. It's hard for me to comprehend you'd do this for your wife."

"It's not totally magnanimous on my part," I said. "I've been able to enjoy myself with others as well. You for instance."

Reneé blushed. "Thank you, sir. I'm given to understand this ends in a few days. Is that correct?"

"Friday. I know Julia is enjoying herself and might like to continue, but I don't think I can keep seeing her with others day after day. Nor her me, for that matter. I'm glad she was honest with me. At some point, continuing with her slavery would end up being destructive to our marriage. I can't see how it wouldn't be. At some point, sex with your spouse can't remain the special thing it should be."

"I understand. It's too bad. I would have liked to experienced more."

She started removing her cuffs and collar. "Gwen gave me these to wear to identify myself as a slave at the party. If I'm not to be one anymore, I shouldn't wear these."

"Probably not a good idea. A collared slave without a Master could find herself taken by a dominant who would not be as kind or gentle as what you've experienced. We visited a club where the slaves could be treated quite harshly. Neither of mine nor myself enjoyed the experience as much as we might have were we not so worried about what could happen. The spanking I gave you was nothing compared to some which could have been administered there."

"Still, I enjoyed myself. If I found the right person, I wouldn't mind submitting to another. Are you sure you don't want another slave, sir?"

"Once I lose my slave, I will no longer be a Master, not even to Lisa. I can't be with other women because I want to. It's dishonorable to my wife. If given a choice, would you prefer to be dominated by a man or a woman?" I asked, struck by an idea.

"Either would probably be fine by me. I seem to enjoy both equally. I loved having sex with you last night, sir, but I loved being with Rose too. I didn't even mind Edward and Regina except for Ron suffering her invective and insults. For me, sex is sex and I'm not fussy about who I have it with."

"Thereby doubling your chances for a date on Saturday night."

"What, sir?" Reneé asked.

"It's an old joke. Being bisexual doubles your chances of a date on Saturday night."

Reneé laughed. "Yes, I suppose that's true."

"What if I told you I knew someone who might be interested in having their own slave? It's a man and at least for now, you'd be his only slave. I don't know how he'd feel sharing you with anyone else, so if he was your Master, you might not be able to have sex with females again. I believe he would be relatively kind, as Masters go, and not do anything which would harm you more than some bondage, spankings, and perhaps orgasm denial. Would you be interested in knowing more?"

"Of course, sir. I've enjoyed my experiences thus far. Finding someone who could care for me as you care for your own slaves would be marvelous. I was even afraid of being spanked, but it wasn't that bad."

"Some spankings could be worse. I spank both Lisa and Julia harder than you, but I didn't start out spanking them this hard. We grew into it together. I was easier on you because it was your first time and also because you carry less meat on your bones. But I suspect with him, anything he did with you; the pain would have completely dissipated within a couple hours."

"I understand, sir."

"Would it matter to you if he was African-American?"

"Oh, please, sir., tell me it's Master Jerry."

"Yes, it is. Did you enjoy meeting Jerry?"

"I did, sir. He seems very nice. He seemed to care about my comfort and pleasure when he was with me. I was hoping he'd bid on me last night."

"I was pretty determined to have you once last night. It might have been quite the bidding war. Fortunately for me, Jerry wanted to bid on my wife because he knows her slavery is ending. Chen wanted to purchase you, too, but we reached an arrangement when he agreed to bid with me for Rose though he still bid me up so I paid what you were worth."

"I can't tell you how exciting it is to be displayed and sold, Master. Having men and women bidding for you when you'd happily fuck any one of them. I was so aroused."

"Julia reacts the same way. Remember, if you were really being sold, it might not be to someone who'd you'd willingly fuck for free. Our auctions are tame affairs, with people I know and trust, and it's only for a few minutes of fun. Being sold by a white slaver would be very much different. You could end up anywhere, from whorehouses to people who are more masochist than dominant. People who want to see your white skin striped and perhaps bleeding from a whip or cane or something equally as harsh. Do not take our auction as an example of what could really happen to you if you're sold."

"Yes, sir. I understand. Know who you're being sold to and for how long."

"I'm going to give you Jerry's phone number. I want you to think about it for a few days, and if you think you're still interested, you can call him."

"Can't I call him today, sir?"

"I don't recommend it. We're not talking about a weekend of fun and games. Jerry will be looking for a full time submissive. From the time you get up in the morning to the time you fall asleep at night, your duty is to serve him fully in any way he desires. He might not even want you to work, though as he works himself, he might not mind if your schedules coincided. You should really consider if this is what you want. Even Julia committed for only three weeks and she believed she would enjoy herself and it was to her husband, who she trusted implicitly not to do anything which might really harm her. You might want to consider a trial period yourself, talk to Jerry about his expectations and yours perhaps with another experienced slave and dominant present to discuss things with."

"Like Rose and Mistress Dark?"

"I think it would be wise and certainly couldn't hurt. It's a huge commitment and you are young."

"Yes, sir. Thank you, sir."

"I will tell him you've expressed an interest in subservience and are considering him as a Master. I will also tell him not to contact you, but to wait for your call. If you haven't called him in how long, should he give up hope?"

"I will call him one way or the other in two weeks, sir. If I haven't decided by then, it's probably a no, and I should tell him so."

"He'll be happy to know he won't have to wait that long for your decision."

"What if he doesn't want me, sir?"

"I suppose that's always a possibility, though highly unlikely. If he says he's not interested, I'll call you and tell you."

"Thank you, sir." She handed me her collar and cuffs. "For Jerry if he wants to own me and I want to be owned as a slave girl."

"I'm sure he'll remain hard from the time I tell him until you've given him his decision."

Reneé laughed. "Would you remain hard, sir?" She teased.

"It would be hard not to," I laughed back.

We arrived at her apartment shortly after and she kissed me goodbye. "Thank you, sir, for everything. Please say goodbye to everyone else for me."

"Of course. Good fortune, Reneé. Whatever happens and whatever you decide, I hope you have a good life."

******

Returning home, it appeared the slaves had all been in some type of a daisy chain. Their heads were lying on or near the cunt of another one, though the licking seemed to have ended before I got home. The cum glazing their faces had dried somewhat and no longer glistened. I grunted; needy slaves, I thought. Julia lifted her head from where it rested on Rose's thigh.

"Good afternoon, Master. We've been taking good care of Rose as you ordered."

"And yourselves, it appears. Get up. Let's go to the basement and finish the bondage furniture so it will be ready when Mistress Dark returns tomorrow."

"Yes, sir," she said and she stirred the others too wakefulness. I let them wash their faces off before we went downstairs. Lisa had worked on this enough she was becoming somewhat competent. Rose was starting from scratch, so I mostly had her sanding and buffing individual pieces, Lisa was wiping the sanding dust off and Julia applied the stain. We could apply the varnish after supper. At some point, watching three naked slaves working on bondage furniture resulted in my acquiring my first erection of the day.

Since I'd helped Reneé cum during brunch, and Julia cum in the hot tub, it was one of the other slaves turn. Of course all three of them probably climaxed like mad while I was gone, so none of them were likely as needy as I was. Since I knew Rose's sexual preferences, I decided to fuck Lisa. I did fuck Rose yesterday twice, even though she had to help me get hard the second time. I put Lisa's hands and neck into the stocks and took her from behind, sliding into her moist muff. She orgasmed quickly enough she could cum twice before I shot my load deep inside her. Rose offered to clean up after me, so while Rose licked Lisa, Julia sucked me clean. All in all, quite a tidy enterprise considering we were dealing with bodily fluids. Then we went on as if nothing had happened. Compared to yesterday, almost nothing had.

At five, I called a halt and said we could order food to be delivered. "No, Thai," I said when Julia opened her mouth. "I'm sick of Thai food. Let's take our chances on something else."

Julia laughed. "Yes, Master. We had good luck with Boston Market and Grubhub delivery last time. I wouldn't mind them either."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"Of course you wouldn't." I started climbing the stairs, staring at three well formed asses climbing in front of me. "Well, there's three of you today, so flipping a coin is out of the question. Why don't you draw straws."

"Draw straws for what, Master?" Rose asked.

"Tipping the delivery person," Lisa and Julia answered together, laughing.

"We like to offer the delivery person a special tip," I said. "Whichever hole they want if they're a guy. We haven't gotten a girl yet, but it's only a matter of time. Or we could leave it up to the driver which slave they'd like to have."

"I'll get three toothpicks, Master," Julia said, sprinting up the stairs. "I'd like the choice to be up to chance instead of someone else's choice."

"Very well."

As soon as I made it up the stairs, Julia handed me three toothpicks. I turned away, broke off the tip of one of them and put them evenly aligned in my left hand. I turned around, handing it to Rose first. She chose a long one, Lisa chose next and drew the short one.

"We have a winner," I said.

"No fair," Julia complained. "She just got fucked."

"You wanted to leave it up to chance and not some random person's personal preference," I said. "You can't bitch now."

"Can I change my mind?" She asked hopefully.

"Sorry, a deal's a deal. Besides you don't know Lisa will get fucked, she may end up having to lick someone."

"Fat chance. We've gotten a guy delivery person every time. They're probably standing in line to deliver to our house."

"Or the managers may realize the guys are taking too long to deliver here for whatever reason and send a woman this time. Find something you want to eat and put in your order."

All three slaves found something to their liking. I got the meatloaf. I hadn't had any in quite awhile. We were told the food would be here in forty minutes. I sent Julia to get a ten dollar bill as an alternative tip. No one had taken the money yet but there was always a first time. I decided to put on shorts. It might be rude if we did have a female delivery driver and I was sitting here in my altogether.

As the time for delivery rolled around, I sat on the couch with a slave on each arm. The doorbell rang and Lisa went to the door naked to take delivery. Two guys were standing at the door, gawk eyed, including the guy who delivered last time, the geek with glasses, plus a different one.

"Excuse me," he said haltingly. "This fellow's new and I'm showing him the ropes."

Julia turned to me with a gleam in her eye. "Master?" She asked.

"We don't increase the tip because two people showed up, slave. The tip is the tip. They have to share. Do you hear that, Lisa?"

"Yes, sir."

"Take care of it."

"Gentlemen, can I please take the food," Lisa said, holding out her hands.

They handed her two bags, one in each hand and she set them on the table. "The food was paid for by credit card at the time of the order. I'm offering you a tip," she said, "this ten dollar bill or myself. You may either take the money, or fuck me."

"One at a time?" The geek asked.

"No," Lisa replied, "both at once. I'm assuming your bosses would get anxious if you were gone too long. Or you can take the money."

"No, no, the other option sounds great," Geek said, looking at his partner. He was a lot more confident than the last time he was here, gingerly finger fucking my slave. "How do we make that happen?"

"Pick a hole and start fucking," Lisa said.

"I want her pussy," the new guy said. "God, you're beautiful. Do you do this all the time?"

Lisa said, "No, this is a one time limited offer." She got on hands and knees. "Last call for booty call."

"Oh shit, man! I gotta get me some of this." He knelt down on the floor and pulled his cock out. It was hard already. "Do I need to wear a rubber or something?"

"No, I'm on birth control. Shove it in me."

New guy did. He started fucking, like a rabbit, herky-jerky, rapid-fire, like he'd never fucked anyone at all. Maybe he never had.

Nerd guy said, "What the fuck!" He knelt in front of her and pulled his cock out, also raging hard. Lisa opened her mouth and he pushed in. Lisa sucked him to the back of her throat. He gasped and shuddered, almost staggered. I'd like to say they fucked her for fifteen minutes, gave her a couple great orgasms before they released, but it would be a lie. New guy climaxed within thirty seconds, squealing as he sent his sperm up Lisa's cunt. Geek didn't take much longer, unloading in Lisa's mouth within a dozen more. Perhaps they should have worn a condom. It might have slowed them down a little. I almost felt sorry for Lisa. Getting all messed up and swallowing a load of cum for no payoff. As horny as she was, it was a waste of her talents. At least the company wasn't paying them to waste their time.

Lisa quickly cleaned them and sent them on their way. They didn't get the ten for giving Lisa her orgasm.

"I'm sorry your experience was so lacking, Lisa," I said, after they left.

"It happens, Master. They seemed virginal."

"I had to same impression." Lisa brought us our food and we passed it out to everyone, started eating. I fed Rose while she sat on my lap.

"Listen, Reneé indicated she might be interested in becoming a sex slave like you girls."

"To you, Master?" Julia asked.

"No, I don't intend being a Master past Friday. You know Jerry said he would be interested in having his own sex slave. I suggested him to Reneé and she was quite enthused at the prospect. I need to let Jerry know she's interested. I told her to take her time and think about it, perhaps talk to Rose and Mistress Dark about the life of a full time slave before making up her mind."

"I think Master Jerry would be an excellent Master," Rose said. "If I were not female centric, I would consider him a wonderful catch."

"I'll let him know when we're done eating, while you three are applying varnish to the bondage furniture. All you'll need to do tomorrow is add the padding and vinyl to those parts that need it."

We finished eating, and I stroked Rose to an orgasm when we'd finished. Then Julia sucked me to one of my own, after which they went to work in the basement and I called Jerry.

"How did work go today?" I asked when he answered.

"I'm beat as hell after yesterday, but work went great today. Did you enjoy your day off?"

"Slept late; had four naked slaves around until Reneé had to leave to go to work. What do you think?"

"Shit I envy you."

"That's kind of the reason I called. Reneé kind of indicated on her way home she'd like to make the sex slavery a full time gig."

"Not another one? How lucky can one man be?" Jerry complained.

"Pretty lucky, for you," I said.

"For me? Why's it lucky for me?"

"I'm not going to be a Master past Friday," I replied. "I couldn't take on a third slave, even if I was. Two is more than enough to handle. You did say you'd be interested in one of your own. I suggested you and Reneé was intrigued."

"Damn! Do I call her? What am I supposed to do?"

"You do nothing. She's going to think about it; the ramifications of being a full time slave, whether she should do a trial period first. Maybe talk to Rose and Mistress Dark about the implications of full time slavery. She'll call you when she's made up her mind. If it hasn't happened in two weeks, it probably won't. I'm to let her know if you're interested in becoming her Master. What should I tell her?"

"Tell her I'm way fucking interested."

"Understand her only exposure to slavery is what she witnessed yesterday, which is on the mild side for possible slavery. She had a mild spanking, although the sex probably exceeded what she might normally expect. Would you share her with others?"

"Who? You?"

"Past Friday, I'm a married man again who's a committed monogamist. I don't expect to be having sex with anyone else in the future. I was more thinking females, I guess. She's an admitted bi-sexual. She might enjoy taking a spin on the 'B' side once in awhile. You'll be in charge of her sexuality. Whether she does or not would be up to you."

"I certainly wouldn't mind, especially if I'm there watching. Watching two women is kind of hot."

"I'll text her and let her know you're eager to hear from her."

"Thanks, man. You are the greatest fucking boss in the world."

"That brings up a second item I've been meaning to talk to you about," I said.

"Shoot. What's up?"

"Would you like to buy into the company? Be a part owner?"

"Are you serious?"

"As a heart attack. I'd like to lighten my load a little and you'd be great for the business. You're hard working, loyal, dedicated. The men enjoy working under you as much as they do me. Julia and I have been talking about having kids and I'd like to be home more frequently than I am now, take time off once in awhile. But if I'm going to saddle you with more work, you should get some of the benefits of ownership. Eventually, I'd like to cut you in for 50% of the company."

"I don't have a ton of money saved up to buy in."

"I understand. We can work something out, maybe cut your salary for a piece of the pie, or you could consider a bank loan, borrow from your family. The how is up to you. I want to throw it out there so you can think about it. I'd prefer you taking a share to letting some stranger buy in. You, I know and trust. Are you interested?"

"Fuck, yes."

I laughed. "You know, if you're going to be a corporate bigwig, you probably have to watch your language better. I'll have a lawyer draw something up, let you and legal counsel look it over."

"Thanks, Scott. I mean it. This has got to be one of the nicest things anyone has ever done."

"Jerry, if anyone deserves it; it's you. I'd be proud to have you as a partner."

"I can't wait to tell my folks."

"You might want to hold off telling them about the slave girl/Master thing," I laughed. "That's not a done deal yet."

Jerry laughed too. "Gotta be the best fucking day of my life, and I will start toning down the language, tomorrow."

"See you at work, bright and early."

"You got it, boss."

"Think partner, not boss. It will come to you." I hung up with him screaming in the background, 'partner, partner, partner.'

I texted Reneé and told her Jerry was interested in acquiring a slave if she wanted to proceed. I received a quick response, <em>Thank you, Master Scott. I'm very seriously considering it. Gwen took a day off today. It sounds as if she and Sherman might work things out. I'm so happy for her.</em>

I looked in my phone for a number I hadn't called in a long time. Finding it, I hit dial.

"Hello, Zoe, long time no see. Do you have time to talk right now?"

"I do, Scott. How are you?"

"I'm very fine, thank you."

"And your wife? How is she doing?"

"Very well. She's just spent two and a half weeks as my sex slave. She's enjoyed her time in slavery a lot."

"Are you going to keep her as your slave?"

"No. A little too much outside fucking for my taste."

"So, you're not calling to ask for Master/slave advice?"

"No, legal advice. I know you do most of your legal work for Brianna's Baubles, but I wondered if you might be able to spare some time doing some paperwork to sell half of my business to a friend and articles of incorporation and whatever else I might need to protect my business."

"I'll need to check with my Mistress to see if she has an objection, but I wouldn't anticipate an issue."

"How is your Mistress?"

"She's doing very well. She's had children, twins, you know?"

"I didn't know that. Wonderful news, I'm sure. Who's the father?"

"Sam Evans. I should tell you I'm pregnant, too."

"Planned?"

"Oh, yes. Very planned."

"Who's the father?"

"Same father, Sam Evans."

"Who the fuck is this Sam Evans guy?"

"You'd know if you ever came to visit."

"Jesus. Most lesbian ex-girlfriends don't want to see their ex-boyfriends."

"I'm not most ex-girlfriends and you're not most ex-boyfriends. I'd love to see you and Julia both. It would be good to catch up. Maybe you can come for a visit when I finish the paperwork. You can pick it up in person."

"I'll check with Julia, but I'm sure she wouldn't have an objection."

"Send me an email with the income of the company for the last five years to establish a sales price, name of the person to whom half interest is to be sold, legal addresses, social security numbers, etc. The sooner I get it, the faster I can finish and we can get together."

"I'll do that."

"We'll talk later then. Take care, Scott."

"You too, Zoe."

After hanging up, I got together the information she requested and emailed it all to her. I hoped she could do it. She was the best lawyer I knew. I went downstairs to check on my slaves. They were almost finished with the varnish. All that was left for tomorrow was the padding and leather.

"Please come up after you've cleaned the brushes and let's discuss a few things," I said. "Sleeping arrangements for the night for one thing. Plus I have some other issues to discuss."

"Yes, Master," three voices echoing as one.

"May I say, you are the three loveliest slaves I've ever seen," I added.

"Thank you, Master," Julia said.

"No thanks needed. I'm merely telling the truth."

I went upstairs and opened a bottle of wine, pouring four glasses, letting it breathe. My slaves were about fifteen minutes behind me, laughing and giggling. Lisa smacked Rose's ass which set off another round of laughter. I called them into the kitchen, and handed them each a glass and invited them to sit at the table.

"Rose, you are still owed ninety minutes of time with Julia, would you like to spend the night with her?"

"I was able to spend time with both Julia and Lisa while you were bringing Reneé home, Master, plus, it's my understanding you are working tomorrow, so I will get to spend more time with them. Mistress indicated I'm to do as you wish, so I will do whatever you desire me to do."

"I know your sexual preferences, Rose, and that you'd prefer a female to spend time with."

"Thank you for your concern, Master, but thus far, I haven't disliked sex with you nearly as much as I usually do having sex with men. The fact you take my preferences into consideration at all is a welcome change from my use by most men. If you wish to enjoy me, I'm more than willing to share your bed."

"Master," Julia said, "this is Rose's last night here and our slavery ends on Friday, after which I assume things will go back to normal. If you wish to enjoy Rose's company one more time before she leaves, I think you should do so. As Rose said, you work tomorrow, and we can play while you're gone."

"Assuming I give you permission to cum, you mean?"

"Of course, Master."

"Why not all share a bed tonight, Master?" Lisa asked.

"Four people would be rather crowded on our king size mattress," I pointed out.

"I doubt any of us is afraid of cuddling close, Master," Lisa said.

"Master," Julia said, "what if we put our mattress and the guest bedroom mattress on the floor and use both? We won't be crowded and can take all the room we want."

"And if someone gets kicked out of bed by accident," Lisa said, "they'll only fall about nine inches."

We all laughed. "Me with three naked slaves? Would I survive the night?"

"As long as we still have permission to cum with each other," Julia said, "you can quit when you get tired."

"You are a little cum slut, aren't you, slave."

"Of course, Master. A slave cannot be anything less."

"I'm willing. We have some other things to speak of as well. Jerry has agreed he would eagerly accept Reneé as his slave. I let Reneé know and she's seriously considering it. She also said Gwen took the day off from work today. It sounded to Reneé as if Gwen and Sherman were spending some serious time together. Julia, I really wanted to commend you for assisting Sherman so much yesterday. I think you really helped him when he fucked you. I've never seen a man go so quickly from total despair to gleeful fucking in my life. You really built him up. You should be proud of yourself."

"Thank you, sir. I noticed you let him have a full fifteen minutes even though this slave orgasmed quickly. You're as responsible for his change of mood as I was."

"I hated to end what seemed to be working spectacularly. There is another thing I want you to be aware of, particularly you, Julia, as it affects you the most, and it also regards Jerry."

"What would that be, Master?" Julia asked, looking inquisitive.

"I would like to sell up to half my company to Jerry so we'd be partners. You and I wanted to start thinking about children and I'd like to have someone else take more responsibility so I can take more time off, spend more time with you and the children when we start having them." Julia and Lisa looked at each other significantly. "Okay, what's that look?"

"What look, Master?" Julia asked, looking so cool ice wouldn't have melted on her tongue.

"The look you and Lisa just gave each other."

"There was no look, Master." She looked at Lisa again, passing more information I was not privy to.

"That look, right there. The one you just gave Lisa again."

"I don't know what you mean, Master. Lisa is my sister slave. We frequently look at each other as well as other, more sexy things. You know what I'm speaking about. We frequently have each other's cum smeared on our faces. I'm sure you saw nothing more than my desire to taste her again."

I looked at Rose, who was watching the other two with interest.

"Back me up, Rose. You saw it too. I know you did."

"Yes, Master. I also detected the look they shared with each other. I feel certain there is something going on between them. Perhaps they are not ready to surrender their slavery on Friday."

"Of course, Master," Lisa said. "That's it. Rose is correct. Neither of us is willing to give up our slavery on Friday. We've both enjoyed our time in our collars so much, I cannot imagine not continuing my slavery."

"I'm sorry, Master," Julia said. "But we certainly need to speak about this since we're only a few days away. We would definitely like to extend our slavery past Friday. It has been the most amazing thing to ever happen to us and we're not ready for it to end."

Something still didn't seem right to me. They'd both jumped on Rose's explanation a bit too quickly, I thought. Certainly was something we needed to discuss, though.

"I know you've enjoyed your slavery, Julia, and I'm glad you did. It's what I hoped for when I offered it to you. When you talked to Sarah about your slavery, I understood how much it means to you. You were very clear and specific when you talked about why you loved your slavery, but I don't think I can continue any more past Friday. As much as I enjoyed giving it to you, yesterday was one of the hardest things I've ever had to endure. Sharing you with others has been very traumatizing, even though it's been erotic. I knew it would be. It was the one thing I had the most difficulty with when I was planning your slavery. I knew the kinds of books you most enjoyed and I wanted you to have the whole experience. It's what stopped me from offering it sooner. I had to come to terms with it before I could let you enjoy everything. I only prepared myself for three weeks of this and I don't believe I'm capable of more. Do you understand?"

"Of course, Master. I've felt much the same way. It's why I love you so much, because I knew it was difficult for you to offer. Do you feel the same way about sharing Lisa as you do me?"

"I care a great deal about Lisa, but she's not my wife. I don't feel the same way about her as I do about you. Watching her with someone else doesn't have the same emotional punch."

"Then keep Lisa as a slave, Master. I wouldn't mind." She took Lisa's hand. "We're very close now. It wouldn't bother me if you kept her as your slave."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"You'd be willing to have me continue fucking Lisa, even if I don't allow you to fuck anyone else? That doesn't seem fair."

"Would you allow us to have sex with one another?" Julia asked. "Does it bother you as much if I have sex with women?"

"No, not nearly as much. I don't know. I haven't thought about what happened past Friday. I assumed everything would go back to the way it was before, BS - before slavery."

"If we're both having sex with a slave girl, you're not doing anything I wouldn't be doing. You could still share her with others. You could still be her Master."

"Doesn't a Master have sex with other slaves?" I asked. "Didn't you convince me that what was good for the slave was good for the Master? I haven't fucked any non-slaves, but I've fucked a lot of slaves, including Rose, who from the sounds of things, I'm going to be fucking again tonight."

"A slave isn't permitted to question what a Master does," Julia said.

"Past Friday, you're not a slave, you're my wife. A wife should always question what her husband does. It's for the good of their marriage, their commitment to each other. I don't want to hold you to any standards I'm not held to. I'm not sure I want to be a Master any more. I'm content to be your husband."

"I understand, sir," Julia said. "Please think about it. I know Lisa would love continuing her slavery."

Rose said, "Once you realize you're a submissive, Master, trying to go back to life as it was before, isn't very fulfilling. I can understand why you don't want to continue sharing your wife with others. Lisa and Julia both understand their needs. You should consider what their needs are before dismissing it out of hand."

"Lisa can always find another Master," I said. "Jerry is willing to take slaves at this time. I doubt he'd turn down another."

"Knowing you are a submissive doesn't mean all dominants are your Master," Rose replied. "Not really. There's a deeper connection to your Master. I like you. It doesn't mean I want to trade in Mistress Dark for you."

"You're also lesbian. I doubt you want any male Master."

"Nor would I want to trade her for Mistress Sarah," Rose said. "There are dominants in general, and there's your one true Master or Mistress, the one you want to do anything for. As much as I hate going to Mistress Dark's BDSM club, I gladly do it for her because she's my Mistress. Would I do it for anyone else? I'm not sure. Subs and Dominants are not interchangeable parts; where if you lose one, another can take their place. There's a level of love and trust which may not exist anywhere else, even in marriage. Usually it grows stronger over time."

"Lisa's been a slave for two weeks. How much love and trust can there be?" I asked.

"Don't ask me. Ask her," Rose replied.

"Lisa, how much do you love and trust me after less than two weeks?"

"Very much, Master. You've been my Master for two weeks, but my friend and neighbor for far longer. I've seen how much you love, care for, adore and treat Julia. You're one of the most romantic men I know. You've always been what I wished my husband would have been. Not only have I seen how you cared for us as slaves, I've seen how you treated the others who've accepted you, however briefly, as their Master; from Rose, to Gwen and Reneé. I trust you far more than I ever trusted my husband, and I'm coming to love you very much. While I like Jerry and might eventually come to accept him as 'my' Master, it will take a long time before I love and trust him as I do you."

"Submission like that is earned, Master, not taken," Rose said. "I find you an honorable man. You should consider the plight of miserable slave girls such as Julia and Lisa before dismissing it out of hand."

"I promise I'll think about it. I won't promise more than that."

"Thank you, Master," Julia said. "I love you more than life itself."

"No more than I love you. Back to what I was saying. I'm going to start selling up to fifty percent of my company to Jerry. He's earned it, worked hard, and I'd like to reward him while giving him more responsibility and taking less for myself. I want to enjoy the fruits of my labors more."

"I have no problem with you selling part of your company, Master. I have every belief that Jerry will do nothing but help the company grow. Making him part owner may even assist in getting business where minority ownership is considered in contracts. He's a good man and will make a good partner. We can make up any income we might lose by continuing to make bondage furniture. Lisa's becoming quite good at it. We could cut her in for some of the profits."

"Thank you for your vote of confidence. To that end, I contacted Zoe to start drawing up some paperwork. She invited us to come to Los Angeles and visit."

"Who's Zoe?" Lisa asked.

"A girlfriend Master had in college," Julia said. "She dated him for awhile before realizing she was a lesbian. She's a lawyer working for Brianna's Baubles, and serving as a submissive to the owner, Brianna Worth. Master's kept in touch."

"You don't care if Scott stays in touch with old girlfriends?" Lisa asked.

"Not the lesbians, anyway," Julia laughed. "I like Zoe. She's a kindred spirit, another sex slave. It might have been after I met her I started having slavery fantasies of my own."

"Zoe's pregnant," I added. "She said Brianna had children too. Twins, and both of their children were conceived by the same guy, some fellow by the name of Sam Evans."

"Sperm donor?" Julia asked.

"At the very least. Perhaps I read more into it than I should, but it sounded like more than sperm. More intimate somehow."

"Sex with a guy? Zoe?" Julia asked.

"Maybe you should be more worried than you think," Lisa said.

"Julia never has to be worried about another woman," I said. "Not even you, Lisa. She said we should come down and visit when the paperwork is done, pick it up in person."

"I'd love to go," Julia said. "I'd enjoy seeing Zoe again. We can compare notes about slavery, you, or whatever."

"I'll tell her we'll come down some weekend after the paperwork's done."

"You should come too, Lisa. I think it will be fun," Julia said. "Brianna has got some great jewelry. We could pick something out."

"If we're going to camp out here in the living room, we should take the bondage stuff down, and stick it in the basement so we have room for the mattresses. I'll show Rose how to do that so she can show her Mistress how it all goes back together again. You can bring the mattresses in here as soon as we have it moved out."

"Are you sure you won't need the furniture before Friday, Master? We're very disobedient slaves sometimes. I've been known to cum without permission fairly often."

"All I have to do is sit down and I've got a knee to bend you over, slave. It's all I really need."

"Yes, Master. I get wet thinking of bending over your knee. We'll need help with the king size, Master. I think Lisa and I can handle the queen."

"Get going everyone. If we're going to have an orgy tonight, we need to start. I have to work in the morning."

Three naked slaves sprang up as one. Incredibly beautiful naked slaves. I was a fucking lucky man to be so blessed.

Rose and I dismantled the bondage furniture. I showed her every step to taking it apart and the order it would go back together. Before we were finished, the queen mattress from the guest room was leaning against the back of the couch. Lisa and Julia started carrying the parts down the stairs. In twenty minutes, it was all put away. I helped carry the king size mattress into the living room and both mattresses were pushed together. We all put fresh sheets on the mattresses and got all the pillows, plus some blankets if the heat of four bodies pressing together wasn't enough to keep us warm.

Then all four of us took a shower, two at a time, Rose and Lisa first while Julia and I brushed our teeth.

"Rose wasn't planning on staying when Mistress Dark left her here, Master. She's going to need some things, a toothbrush for one," Julia said.

"I have a stash I keep for emergencies," I said. "It's by the guest room. I'll get them."

I kept travel size amounts of various bathroom items for trips and sometimes guests who weren't prepared or ran out of things. I found my stash and got several items for Rose including toothbrush, toothpaste, razor, shave cream, and roll-on deodorant. I put them in a small gift bag and by the time they were coming out of the shower, I was ready.

"Julia and I thought you might need some things since you weren't planning on staying, Rose. Please take these with our compliments and thanks."

Rose looked inside the bag, then looked up at us. "Thank you, Master, Julia, for thinking of me. I used my finger to brush my teeth last night. This will be much better."

"We're sorry we didn't think of it sooner."

We left them to their business and took a shower. We had a good time washing each other and I was hard by the time we were finished. Lisa and Rose were already together on the bed, kissing and stroking each other's breasts, but not their needy little cunts. A good thing because they didn't have permission to cum, yet. We crawled into bed with them and kisses were shared all around.

"Rose, I want you to start licking Lisa while I fuck you. Julia, why don't you ride Lisa's face. None of you has permission to cum until I say so." Rose got into position right away and was happily lapping Lisa's pussy. Julia was another matter.

"Master," Julia groaned. "No orgasms?"

"Not yet. Any slave who cums will be subject to thirty swats."

"I'm already owed like 300 swats for cumming without permission Sunday night, Master. Please, I'm begging you."

"You want to be a slave; be a slave. No cumming until you have permission."

Julia climbed over Lisa's face and Lisa's tongue quickly delved into Julia's folds, Julia gasping and moaning quickly. Satisfied she was obeying my orders, I placed my cock against Rose's cunt, finding it wet and waiting, the perfect slave. I slowly pushed into her, then held still, enjoying the tightness and warmth of her seldom used pussy. Being the well trained slave she was, she never stopped lapping at Lisa's liquid core. I watched to see who would break first, although to be perfectly fair, I needed to start fucking Rose instead of just occupying space in her pussy. I started thrusting, finding a speed which I could maintain for some time without cumming.

Rose was probably the more accomplished cunt licker, but I suspected Julia was the more needy slave, so it would be interesting to see if Lisa or Julia broke first, but I figured both of them would cum before Rose, the most disciplined of the slaves. Both of them were squirming within a few minutes. Julia was seated over Lisa in such a way we could look into each other's eyes as we fucked. In a way, it felt like I was fucking her by proxy. That my fucking of Rose was transmitted to Lisa, who was transferring her pleasure to Julia. I watched her eyes get wider as the need to cum grew stronger.

"Please, Master," she started.

"Shh, slave. Don't beg. It's undignified."

"Slaves have no dignity, Master. All we have is arousal."

"I'll double your punishment if you beg. That goes for you too, Lisa," who couldn't beg because her mouth was smothered by Julia's pussy, but was squirming equally hard. Even Rose was starting to twitch as my cock kept pumping her pretty pussy.

Lisa was moaning into Julia's cunt, her hips moving as if she couldn't tell what she wanted to do; move away from the tongue giving her so much pleasure, or closer for the same reason. Julia's legs were rigid, her tendons and muscles in high relief as she fought against her release, whimpering with need. Rose was thrusting back against me, trying to get fucked faster and deeper.

"I don't think my slaves are going to make it," I said. "I tell you what. If you can hold out for even five minutes more, I won't punish you if you cum." I set the timer on my watch.

The look on Julia's face got more determined. I could see what she was thinking. Five minutes; it's only five minutes. Surely I can hold out for five more minutes. Lisa stopped flexing her hips towards Rose's mouth. Five more minutes; that all she had to hold out. Rose stopped pushing back against my cock, though her tongue looked as busy as ever. Julia's steely eyed determination grew more and more desperate as the seconds ticked off. Two minutes was all it took.

"Oh, fuck!" Julia said, sliding over Lisa's mouth, "I'm cumming. Ungh, ungh, ungh," she moaned, abandoning all pretense of holding back as she exploded.

The amount of fluid flooding Lisa's face proof positive how much she was cumming. I wondered if it was possible to drown in cum.

"The last one to cum won't be punished, under five minutes or not," I said.

Rose redoubled her efforts on Lisa's cunt. I redoubled mine on Rose, driving fast and deep into her sheath. Both of them locked into a struggle to outlast the other. I thought for sure Rose was going to win. Lisa's pussy lips were pouting and quivering as Rose attacked with zeal. Suddenly, the familiar contractions of a cunt in orgasm started caressing my cock as Rose moaned desperately, realizing she'd lost.

"Rose lost, Lisa. You can cum now."

Lisa sighed and released, her own flood of cum gracing Rose's tongue. Rose was only too happy to lap at the tangy nectar, despite her loss. Four and a half minutes; I doubted she would have made five.

"Lisa, you'll be responsible for spanking Julia, since you've learned to do it. I will take care of Rose. After you've spanked her, Julia needs to lick you to two orgasms. Rose will take care of me, won't you Rose?"

"Yes, Master, exactly as you wish."

"You're such a good slave. I shall tell your Mistress how much I appreciate you."

"Thank you, Master. I'm sorry I couldn't hold out longer."

"I didn't want you to hold out longer. I wanted to spank you. You have the perfect ass for spanking."

"I know, Master. Mistress tells me the same thing."

"Lisa, you know what will happen to you if you don't spank Julia properly, don't you?"

"Yes, Master. I get the spanking she should have received."

"Exactly. Go ahead and give her an additional thirty more. She's owed at least ten punishments from Sunday night. She wouldn't stop cumming no matter what I said to her."

"Of course, Master."

So Lisa and I spanked two lovely slaves, their bottoms turning red under our hands. I probably hit harder than Lisa no matter what I said, so mine might have been almost as bad. I was hard when I finished as I usually am, but I waited for Lisa to finish hers, watching Julia's buns wobble under the spanking. She cried silently during the last twenty swats. With tears still in her eyes, she lapped at Lisa's folds, returning the pleasure she'd received. Rose began fellating me, sucking my cock with skill, if not gusto. Lisa climaxed both her times before I did. Lisa and Julia waited for further instructions. I finally felt Rose draw out my cum and sent it into her mouth where she quickly swallowed it all.

"Thank you, Rose," I said. "That was excellent. For someone who prefers cunt, you suck cock well."

"Mistress demands it be so, Master. I must often please Masters."

"I was not overly harsh with you, was I?"

"No, Master. Mistress is frequently much harsher."

"Good. Your Mistress should be more harsh than I am. She understands her slave better than I do. I'm going to go to sleep now. You slaves may continue to pleasure each other should you desire to do so, as long as you're not too noisy."

I slept on the queen bed, while the three of them took the king size bed. I went to sleep listening to the muted sounds of feminine sighs and moans. It was quite relaxing, like a gentle rain upon the window. I fell asleep quickly.

******

JULIA

We three slaves almost overslept in the morning. Master got up and was almost out the door before I realized he was leaving. I sucked his cock quickly to earn any clothes we might need for the day.

Master laughed at my desperation. "Almost slept the morning away, didn't you, slave?"

"Yes, Master."

"Since you're up, you must finish the bondage furniture before you play with your friends. I will give you permission to cum when the work is done, but not before."

"Yes, Master. I love you."

"I love you too. More than you know. Take care, slave."

I hugged him goodbye. When he was gone, I woke up the other slaves. "Master said we could play when we finish the furniture," I said.

They rubbed their eyes. "What time is it?" Lisa asked.

"Six-thirty," I replied.

"Do we have time to sleep another hour?"

"If you want to give up exercise," I said.

"Isn't fucking enough exercise?" Lisa asked.

"Not the way we were doing it last night."

"Okay, I'm getting up. We can't go to the gym though. Rose doesn't have any clothes and probably no membership either. We'll have to do yoga or swim laps."

"If we finish the furniture first thing," I said, "we can have the whole afternoon to do whatever we want, whether that be exercise or play."

"You convinced me. I'm getting up."

After a quick breakfast, we went downstairs to finish the bondage piece. This was a new part of the construction Lisa hadn't been involved in before. I ended up showing her and Rose how to do the padding and covering for the furniture. With three sets of hands, it went fairly quickly. We took it apart and carried all the pieces upstairs. I made sure Rose knew how to put it together again by showing me which pieces went where and in what order. She was a quick study, only seeing how Master took it apart last night and again this morning, to carry upstairs.

"Do you think you can get a good price for it?" I asked Rose.

Rose had me pull up a website which sold bondage furniture. Adjustable crosses were $1600, stocks were $800, punishment benches were $700, display/whipping posts, $800. Master had put all of this stuff together in one piece of furniture and it replaced all of that stuff. There was an elevated punishment bench for $3100. One bench, though elevated, over three grand. There was a metal horse padded thing for $3200. I could even see where some of those things could be added to his, like a cage, $600, or stuffed and stuck stockade, which went for $750 for a metal one. I could even see add ons or attachments to what we had, people could pay extra for, like spreader bars.

"I would think we could get $4500 to $6000 for it depending on materials," Rose said. "He might want to consider bondage beds as well. They sell for $3500 to $7000, and a bed is used every day. Your Master is very creative. He might want to look at what's out there and come up with some ideas."

"I can't believe how much this stuff goes for," I said.

"It can't be mass produced," Rose said, "because you're not going to have a hundred thousand buyers. You might sell 50 to 100 of these items a year. There are quite a few overseas buyers who might be interested, but you can't ship a fully put together product without paying a fortune in shipping. Something which breaks down like this does, and can be shipped in a few smaller boxes would work great for foreign buyers."

"Even if you sell just fifty, that's $300,000 for a $6000 item," I said. "That's not a bad business. How much would your Mistress take for selling them?"

"I believe she discussed 30 percent," Rose replied.

"$90,000 for her, leaving $210,000 less the materials. Lisa, do you want to go into business together?"

"Do you think we can?"

"Why not? Master gets discounts on building materials because he buys so much for his business. We pay him for the materials, give him a 10% fee for services, product design, plans, etc, and we can split the profits if we do all the work. Once we really get going, we can probably build two items a week between the two of us. It gets easier the more experience we have. If we're not going to be slaves anymore, we'll have plenty of time."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"I'm certainly willing. I could use some more money."

Since we were done and it was lunch time, we had a salad before going out to the pool. Since we hadn't done any exercises but sex for the last four days, Lisa and I brought our yoga mats out to the pool patio. We started our yoga routine, which Rose thought was absolutely delightful since we were naked. We hadn't gone fifteen minutes before she was playing with our exposed parts, which led to more sex and less yoga. Not quite as beneficial to the body, but a hell of a lot more fun. I was so glad Master hadn't left restrictions on our orgasms. Without my getting up to suck his cock, we wouldn't have known. He would have left without speaking to me and we'd be adrift without instructions unless he answered a text or phone call.

Master got home around 6:30. He told us Mistress Dark would be home around 8:00 to pick up Rose and return Sarah. While Rose and I got dinner on the table for everyone, Lisa sucked his cock since she missed out this morning. Master fed Rose at dinner and fingered her to an orgasm after.

"It's been a very nice visit, Rose," Master said, kissing her as she came down from her climax. "Your Mistress has a lovely slave and we will miss you. I shall tell Mistress Dark what a splendid slave you were."

"Thank you, Master. I'm glad you enjoyed this slave. I appreciated you sharing your slaves with me. They took care of me quite pleasantly. I was allowed to climax more frequently than usual."

"You were our guest. I would have been disappointed were you not shown a good time."

"Master," I said, "Rose showed us the prices of some slave and bondage furniture. It was quite expensive. Lisa and I would like to start building more of it and make a business out of it. She also recommended we look into making bondage beds. I can show you what we've seen, but I think you could design better. Rose said Mistress Dark would take 30% for selling it. We'd give you 10% for developing the furniture and drawing up plans and pay you for the materials delivered here under your account and split the rest."

"You're free to do whatever you wish after your slavery ends. If you want to build furniture, I have no objection."

"I've seen other things we might wish to incorporate into your current design as add-ons or accessories. I'd like to show you what else is on the market after our slavery ends."

"I'm willing to look at whatever you show me."

"Thank you, Master."

"I heard back from Zoe. She said her Mistress gave her permission to draw up the paperwork and it's a relatively easy job. She asked if we want to come down on Saturday. I told her yes, we'd be there. Lisa may come if she wishes. We'll leave here at 6:00 AM."

"It will be good to see Zoe again, sir."

"I think so too. I want to meet this baby daddy of hers."

Mistress Dark arrived at 8:00 as she planned. This time, Sarah didn't ride in the stuffed and stuck stockade, but she was still naked as she'd left without clothes and returned the same. Master opened the back door so she could hurry into the house. I saw her bottom was still striped from a cane, from her first day of slavery. Once there, she didn't bother putting on clothes, obviously comfortable with her nudity. Mistress Dark was so happy to see Rose, she had her lick her cunt to two quick orgasms. She patted Rose's head as she burrowed between Mistress Dark's legs, cooing and clucking how much she missed her favorite slave. Rose was beaming with joy when she came up with her face covered in Mistress Dark's cum. Mistress Dark was obviously Rose's natural Mistress. Playing with other slaves not the same as serving her Mistress. Rose reassured her Mistress she would be able to assemble and disassemble the bondage furniture as needed. After Master and Mistress Dark loaded the disassembled furniture in Mistress Dark's van, we said goodbye to Rose, hugging and kissing her. She was a delightful slave and much appreciated.

"Did you finish your time with Julia, slave?" Mistress Dark asked.

"This slave was well satisfied by her agreement to fuck Master Scott," Rose replied.

Thanking Mistress Dark for her loan of Rose, Master said his goodbyes and Rose was stuffed and stuck in the back of the van.

Everyone returned inside and Master asked Sarah how her training went. Sarah said little about her experience except she was sure she wasn't slave material. She took note of the lack of the slave bondage furniture and changed sleeping arrangements, her mattress now part of the super bed on the floor. She looked at the bed with an inquisitive look on her face.

"We can change it back, if you're so inclined," Master said. "However, I thought you might be interested in double teaming a slave or two tonight? The bondage furniture is in the basement. It's available if I still need it, but I won't have any slaves after Friday."

"Double team with you," Sarah asked, "and these slaves?"

"Yes. We have the vibrating strapless strap-ons from the party. I know my slaves love to have their cunts and asses filled at the same time."

"I'll sign up for that."

I don't know about Lisa, but this slave got more wet hearing how I would be used tonight. I did love having two cocks in me. If one weren't real, it wouldn't matter much. Master offered Sarah a glass of wine or other drink. Sarah accepted. He also offered her a slave to take the edge off and Sarah accepted that as well, which is when I found myself between her legs caressing her folds with my tongue. Sarah told me to take my time as she didn't want to cum right away. Lisa got to sit on Master's lap and cuddle.

Sarah no longer had any pubic hair. I wondered if it was shaved when she served as a slave for the first twenty-four hours of her training, or if she'd chosen to do it herself. I admit to liking a bald sex more than a hairy one, so I was pleased when I started licking her cunt. Master and Sarah carried on a conversation while I was pleasing her.

"When would you like to be dropped back off on the trail?" Master asked.

"If it's all the same to you, I wouldn't mind taking one more day to decompress from my two days with Mistress Dark, then leave on Friday. If you don't mind, I can practice my dominant skills with your two slaves tomorrow."

"I have no objection. Their slavery ends soon. It would be good if they were put through their paces while I'm at work. More to enjoy before it ends. Here's the two hundred dollars I offered you for coming here," Master said, passing her the cash in twenties.

"Considering the courtesy you've extended me and the great sex I've had, I feel guilty accepting the money now."

I could understand. She was essentially being paid for me to lick her cunt.

"Still, we interrupted your journey," Master said, "and Monday couldn't have happened without your help. I would like it if you had some reserves for your trip. If you feel you want to pay it back later, feel free, but I don't expect it. You did what I asked and my slaves have enjoyed your company."

"Thank you, Scott."

Sarah's breathing was getting faster. She put her hand in my hair and stroked it, petting me for her pleasure. "A little slower, slave," she said. "I'm in no rush."

I stopped licking her cunt and attended to her inner thighs instead. She patted my head in appreciation. I could hear Lisa cumming. Master must be stroking her sex with his fingers. I needed to cum too, but it would happen soon enough. My cunt was soaking. I would miss my slavery very much. There was no hope for it though if Master decided it was ending. One can't be a slave without a Master to serve and I was certainly not going to do anything if my husband no longer wanted a slave.

They continued talking, but I quit paying attention, only paying attention to the Mistress in front of me. After several minutes of licking and kissing her inner thighs, Sarah redirected my attention to her well lubricated cunt. This time, she urged me on when she was close to release and inundated my face with her cum when she climaxed. I licked up all her fluids. When she calmed, she pulled me up and kissed me, tasting herself on my lips.

"Would you like to cum, slave?" Sarah asked.

"Please, Mistress. I am a needy slave."

She had me stand next to her chair while she finger fucked me to orgasm, my knees bending when my spasms came, so intense were they. She was a graduate of Mistress Dark's training. I'm sure she learned to please both men and women while a slave and Mistress.

"It's time for bed," Master said. What he meant was it was time for sex. Bed was only the location we were having the sex.

Our two dominants led their slaves to the super bed on the floor. Master had Lisa get the toy Sarah would be using and some lubricant as the toy was large.

"Let's start with Julia," Master said. Thank you, Master, I thought. I could easily cum again. "Which hole would you like to fuck?"

******

SCOTT

"I'll take her ass," Sarah said, putting on the strapless. Lisa had to sit this one out, but she calmly took a seat on the couch waiting her turn.

I had no trouble putting my cock in Julia's cunt, she was so wet. I thrust a couple times and she was already moaning, close to cumming. I laughed at her readiness. I flopped onto my back, pulling her with me, exposing her back door to Sarah. Sarah spread lube liberally around her ringed muscle, shoving a finger or two into her fundament to open her up for the toy. Practically the moment Sarah started pushing into her, Julia orgasmed, moaning, "Fuck me! Oh, God, fuck my ass."

Of course, Sarah did, sliding right up her rectum and I could feel the toy sharing the limited space in Julia's crotch. Sarah turned on the vibration function and we settled in for a nice ride. Thank goodness Lisa had sucked me off as soon as I got home, or I wouldn't last long. Despite never double teaming anyone together before, Sarah and I found a nice rhythm together. Julia climaxed several times, as did Sarah, the vibrations in her cunt as effective as the vibrations in the slave's ass.

The vibrations in the slave's ass were also doing a number on my cock in her cunt. Only fractions of an inch separated me and the toy, much better than a vibrating sleeve for sex. I tried to delay as long as I could, but within fifteen minutes, I squirted the contents of my balls into my wife's slick sheath. We'd be doing the other slave next and hopefully, I'd last longer the second time.

Julia was fairly limp when we finished, yet I made her get up and wash the strapless thoroughly. No point in a lazy slave even if she was fucked to exhaustion. Sarah was feeling quite languid as well, having cum almost as many times as Julia did.

"That was great," Sarah said. "I could easily get used to this. Lisa, get down here and clean my cunt and your Master's cock."

Lisa started with me, quickly gathering up the cum slathering my shaft, then starting in on cleaning Sarah.

"I never believed how great it would be having a slave at your beck and call all the time. I have almost no tension left despite my apprehension at starting a new job."

"You mentioned a job at a TV station in Portland," I said.

"Program director at the largest market TV station in the area," Sarah said, moaning as Lisa licked her. "It's a good paying job. I won't be poor for the first time since I started college. I'm looking forward to it, but like anything new, there's stress associated with any changes. Hiking up the Pacific Crest Trail was to bleed off the stress and toughen me up after the indolence of college life, but sex is better for releasing stress than hiking is."

I laughed. "Sex is great for everything. People with rich sex lives live longer than those without."

"So why are you giving this up?"

"I'm not giving up sex, only sex slaves. I can't really complain about the sex I had before Julia's slavery."

"Be honest. How often were you having sex before slavery?"

Julia had returned and was listening to our conversation.

Thinking about it, I said, "Twice a week, sometimes three, but mostly twice."

"Compared to three, four or five times a day," Sarah said, "or from 21 to 35 times a week. You're going to experience a huge drop off, if your previous sex life was any indication."

"Hopefully, our experience together would mean it doesn't drop so precipitously," I replied. "We've got a lot of memories to fuel our sex lives."

Sarah reached up for the cleaned strapless and Julia handed it to her. She was about to put it in when she thought about it, then handed it back and said, "Slave, I want you to put it in for me. Make sure the end going into me is wet."

Julia sucked the Mistress end of the strapless, getting it wet for Sarah, then put it inside her.

"I'll fuck the other slave's cunt, Scott."

She lay on her back and made Lisa mount her before turning on the vibrations. Lisa orgasmed, her back arching as she spasmed over the faux cock. When her contractions eased, Lisa looked back at me and spread her cheeks.

"Fuck my ass, Master."

I was already hard enough to do so, but had Julia suck my cock a few minutes getting me nice and wet. I had Julia spread the lube on her best friends ass and guide my cock to the gateway of her dark passage.

"Fuck her hard, Master," Julia said as I pushed through Lisa's pucker. "Fuck your slaves's ass."

Fuck her hard, I did, drilling into her rectum, filling her to the bottom of my cock. In this scenario, I was more the driver of the action than before, Lisa's body weight somewhat immobilizing Sarah. Sarah didn't need to drive anyway, the vibrations doing more than enough to make her cum. As I thrusted into Lisa's bottom, I could feel my wife fondling my sack and probably playing with Sarah's clit as well if her squirming was any indication. Given Julia was caressing my balls as I fucked Lisa's ass, I only lasted about five minutes longer than I did the first time, but both Lisa and Sarah were very juicy before I finished, spurting another, more meager, load deep in her ass.

This time, Lisa was given the task of cleaning the equipment while Julia cleaned Sarah's cunt. Lisa returned with a warm soapy washcloth and towel to clean my cock. I pulled her down into a naked embrace when she was done. We went to sleep after, the two slaves sleeping between us. At some point, in the middle of the night, I heard two slaves serving a Mistress. She didn't have to get up in the morning and I did, so I went back to sleep with a smile on my face listening to dainty tongues lapping moist cunts and sucking puckered nipples.

******

JULIA

Master was up early again. Fortunately, neither Lisa nor myself were so tired as to not respond when he got up. We shared his cock and Lisa was the lucky one to swallow his cum. I remembered how before my slavery started, how reluctant I was to swallow his seed. Now, I envied Lisa when she was the one Master graced with his gift. How quickly things change.

Master told us to obey Sarah in all things today as she was in charge. He did not give us permission to cum, saying Sarah would decide if and when a slave could orgasm. Sarah did not have to rise with the sun to service a Master, so she slept in, well relieved by her orgasms last night. As slaves, Lisa and I were both ready to cum again, but today, Sarah was in charge of us and she was asleep, so no relief for us.

Since we got so little yoga done yesterday, Lisa and I did yoga again today, for strength and flexibility, intending to swim afterward for cardio. Sarah got up around 9:30, yawning and stretching. She found us out by the pool doing the last of our yoga forms.

"Your cunts are wet, slaves," she commented about our glistening pussies.

"Our cunts are always wet, Mistress," I answered. "Slaves must be prepared to serve their Master at any time, though today, some of the wetness is sweat."

Sarah told Lisa to make everyone breakfast, while she had me service her.

"Don't let me cum until I'm ready to squirt, slave," Sarah said. "When I squirt; I want you to swallow as much as you can."

"Yes, Mistress." I was a slave and must do as I'm told or be punished.

I licked, sucked and caressed Sarah in every way in which I was capable. She kept asking me to let her cum and I kept telling her no, realizing she wasn't at the proper pitch of excitement. I waited until she was positively quivering in need, her body tensed like a bowstring waiting to be released. When I thought she was as ready as could be, I shoved a finger into her ass and two others into her pussy, telling her she could cum before sucking frantically on her clit. Within a couple seconds, Sarah screamed in ecstasy. She squirted and I moved my mouth down to collect her musky discharge, as much as I could, swallowing desperately to keep up with the flow.

Lisa started clapping, seeing a woman squirt for the first time and enjoying the sight of me urgently swallowing to keep from drowning.

"I came to tell you breakfast is ready," Lisa said, as Sarah eventually regained her ability to speak.

I must have swallowed at least a half cup of her cum, some more splashed all over the front of my body and face from before I could move to collect it.

"Wash yourself off in the pool," Sarah said, "before coming to breakfast. You smell like sex."

Of course I did; I was covered in cum. While Sarah went into the kitchen, I dived into the water to rinse off, using a towel to dry off before going in the kitchen. Sarah patted the chair beside her and I sat down and she fed me, taking frequent breaks to kiss me, or stroke my breasts and pussy. When breakfast was over, she let me cum on her fingers, my first time today. I was so desperately horny.

Lisa and I cleared up after breakfast, then were sent down to the basement after getting the whip and Enforcer. For the rest of the morning, Sarah put us through our paces, fastening us to various slave stations, making us display our bodies for her and practicing her skills with the whip and paddle. She'd gained a lot of skill while working with Mistress Dark, balancing our punishments on the very edge of having to say Alpha to make her stop. Our asses were very red and sore when we went back upstairs for a lunch of salad. Neither Lisa nor I could sit through lunch, though Sarah made us try a couple times.

The afternoon was more pleasant. Each of the slaves was given the strapless and the opportunity to fuck Sarah while she sixty-nined with the other. I fucked her cunt and Lisa fucked her ass. We all had frequent orgasms to reduce the sting to our still burning buns.

Our asses still had a reddish pink tinge to them when Master returned from work. He took note, but didn't say anything. Sometimes slaves were punished. We were happy and smiling when he returned and eagerly sucked his cock again. This time, I won his gift, relishing the salty jizz as he emptied his balls into my mouth. The two slaves prepared dinner as Master and Sarah talked, discussing how much longer she expected to be hiking on the trail. It was a simple meal, Stouffer's Meat Lovers Lasagna, French bread with garlic butter and more salad. Master fed me and let me orgasm at the end of the meal. Sarah took care of Lisa.

We cleaned up while Master and Mistress decided to watch more Game of Thrones. We watched two more episodes when there was a knock on the front door. We all wondered who it was, but a naked Lisa was sent to open the door. Regina and Ron were outside.

"Can we talk?" Regina asked.

******

SCOTT

I told Lisa to let them in. I did not have a good feeling about this. They both came in and stood by the door. I asked the slaves to find a seat on the floor and give up the couch to Regina and Ron, but Ron knelt on the floor with the other slaves.

"How can I help you, Regina?" I asked.

"I don't think I can do this," Regina said. "I've tried; for three days I tried. I just can't do it."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
"What is giving you the problem, Regina?" I asked.

"Ron hasn't gotten a single erection since he got home unless I ordered him to have one," Regina said. "I can be standing in front of him naked and it's like he has a limp noodle. Nothing."

"Is that true, Ron?" I asked him.

"Yes, Master."

"Why?"

"It's the way I was trained, sir. To become erect when told or else not. I was in a cock cage and becoming erect was painful, unless Mistress released me from the cage."

"Does he get erect every time you tell him to, Regina?"

"Yes, of course. But it's not the same. It's like I have no meaning to him as his wife. I'm just the person who orders him around."

"You sent him to Mistress Dark's" I said. "You wanted him to be a better cunt licker. Is he better?"

"A hundred percent better. He'll lick my cunt until his tongue falls off, but he's like a fucking human vibrator. He doesn't get hard licking me. He won't get an erection from looking at me. He won't get hard if I suck him unless I tell him to. He's not a husband anymore. He's a fucking slave and a mostly gay one at that. I want someone who's aroused to be with me. Ron isn't. I'm not sure he ever was, but he's definitely not what I want in a husband anymore."

"Are you saying it's over between you two?" I asked. "That what you have available to you, is not sufficient for your marriage. It's not about the sex anymore, because he'll have sex when you order him to, but a slave isn't what you want, a normal husband is?"

"Yes, damn it!" Regina exclaimed.

"Ron, what about you? What do you want?" I asked.

"I want what my Mistress wants, sir." He sat quietly.

"Fuck that, Ron. I'm not your fucking Master, but I want a straight answer. What the hell do you want?"

"To be honest, sir. I want someone to dominate me. I suppose I'd prefer a male dominant, but gender is not as important as dominance. For the first time in my life, I feel like I've found myself, what I am, what I want to be. I was unhappy before. I admit I was becoming a nasty bitch, sir. I was unpleasant to be around, but it's because I was trying to be something I wasn't. I've never been as at peace as I have since discovering who and what I am. I care for Regina. We were married for six years and I'll always care for her, but I want a dominant. I want to be submissive. If Regina can't be my dominant, we're probably not a good fit, regardless of how much I care for her."

"Thank you for your truthfulness, Ron. To be honest, I don't see a match here. Ron doesn't want a wife, he wants a Mistress or Master. Regina, you want a husband, not a slave, and you don't want to be a dominant. You want a partner in marriage, not a subservient. Counseling might help, but you seem to be diametrically opposed in your needs and aspirations. I don't see a meeting ground available to you. I would guess your marriage is over and it's just deciding how to proceed from here."

"Can I interrupt for a moment?" Sarah said.

I looked at Regina and Ron. It was their party.

Regina said, "What the fuck, go ahead."

"I have discovered I'm a dominant. I want a submissive, particularly a submissive male. I don't even particularly care if Ron is partial to other men as long as I own his sexual activity. I would like to propose this to both of you. Regina has just discovered this about Ron and she hasn't had any time to absorb this information, process it, even really to determine what she's willing to put up with or tolerate. My suggestion is that Ron join me on the rest of my trip up the Pacific Crest Trail. It will toughen him up a bit and give him more time to consider if he really wants to be somebody's bitch. It also gives Regina time to consider the ramifications of six years of marriage and what she's giving up if she wants a divorce.

"Obviously, I will be fucking my bitch. So Ron would also have to agree that Regina is able to seek sex with others, whoever she wants while he's gone. If at the end of the trail, you decide you might be willing to give it another try, I'll send him back here. If at that time you agree your marriage is over, and Ron has suitably performed as my slave, I'll keep him and take all further responsibility out of Regina's hands. They can agree to an amicable parting of the ways. I'm assuming Ron can leave and has no other obligations holding him here?"

"I have a dead end job I hate, Mistress" Ron said, "and I'd leave in a heartbeat."

"I'm kind of independently wealthy," Regina said. "He wouldn't need any kind of alimony or anything, will he?"

"I'm poor at the moment," Sarah stated, "but I'll be well paid when I start my job. I can assume full responsibility for his finances if you end up divorcing. He'll be my bitch and stay home to see to my needs unless I want him to get a job. The only thing I'd need from you Regina, is for him to be outfitted in clothes and shoes and food for ten weeks on the trail, including roughly five hundred dollars in spending money for food. Anything you spend on this end, I will reimburse after I start my job in three months. Does this sound suitable to everyone involved?"

Ron and Regina looked at each other for a moment. They both slowly nodded their heads to each other.

"I want your verbal agreement," Sarah said, "before these witnesses. You Regina, are turning your husband, Ron, a self professed submissive slave to me, for the next three months, to walk the Pacific Crest Trail as my sex slave?"

"I am turning Ron over to you," Regina agreed.

"Ron, you're a fucking slave. Take off your clothes," Sarah ordered.

Ron removed his clothes with alacrity, standing on display for his new Mistress.

"I want to see an erection, now," Sarah ordered, "or you're a worthless piece of shit to me."

Ron's cock started to stand. It was amazing to witness how submissive he was. In a minute, he had a full blown erection.

"Scott, since your slaves are surrendering their slavery tomorrow, may I please have the black leather collar and cuffs worn by Julia now to collar my slave with?"

"Yes," I said. "Julia, present me your hands."

Julia offered her hands to me. I removed the cuffs from her wrists, then the collar from her neck and handed them to Sarah. I told Julia to put on her jewelry collar as a replacement for the leather. She scampered to our room to get what she wanted.

"Kneel, slave," Sarah ordered Ron, "and surrender your hands."

Ron knelt and held up his arms. Sarah placed the cuffs around his wrists. "Put your hands down." She waited until he lowered his hands.

"Ron do you acknowledge me as your Mistress, promise to obey me in all things, follow all of my commands and submit to me as your true dominant for the next three months."

"I do, Mistress."

Sarah put the collar around his neck.

"Kiss and lick my foot," she ordered, putting her right foot forward.

Ron prostrated himself and performed the required service.

"Now my cunt," Sarah said. Since Sarah was naked, Ron had no difficulty performing this task either. She stopped him after a minute of his obeying this command.

"Regina," Sarah said, "if you could pick us both up tomorrow at 8:00 AM, and bring us to a trail outfitters, we will get Ron what he needs. I'd then ask you to bring us both to the trailhead where Scott picked me up and drop us off and we'll be out of everyone's hair, for the next several months. Do you have any objection to doing so?"

"None whatsoever."

"Thank you. Our business here is concluded. Slave, kiss your former Mistress and wife goodbye for now. You're mine now."

Ron stood up and kissed Regina goodbye. There was tenderness in the kiss as they'd been together for awhile, yet by all I could see, there was a huge incompatibility between them now. I looked at my own two slaves. They'd both informed me in no uncertain terms how they felt about their slavery. I was unwilling to continue as we had, but they both desired to continue. Was I looking at a glimpse of my own future? Slaves wishing to be dominated by a Master and me unwilling to keep going, wanting a wife again. Had I just skewered my own marriage?

Regina left with an agreement to return tomorrow.

"I should get packed," Sarah said. "Thank you, Scott, for everything. It's been an eye opener for sure. If you'd told me a week ago I would have a sex slave when I started back on my trek, I'd have laughed my ass off. How quickly things can change. Slave, on your hands and knees. You'll crawl as you follow me back to the bedroom."

Ron dropped to his hands and knees, still with an erection, a drop of pre-cum beginning to form on his cock. Ron had apparently found his place in life. He crawled after his new Mistress. It looked like I was together with my two slaves for their last night.

"Let's go to bed, slaves," I said.

"Would you like us to crawl, Master?" Julia asked.

"No. I can think of a better use for your hands and knees than wearing them out crawling."

"Yes, Master," Julia smiled, knowing what I wanted her on her hands and knees for.

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 20|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-20|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<em>Two slaves final day of their slavery unless Master changes his mind. This chapter contains oral sex, masturbation, intercourse, and lesbian sex. As with the other chapters of this novel, STD's don't exist. </em>

<strong>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 20 - The Final Day</strong>

JULIA

When Master got up the next morning, two slaves eagerly sucked his knob, earning our clothes and competing for the prize of his cum. It was the last time we'd be doing this unless Master changed his mind about keeping Lisa, at least, as his slave. I understood why Master didn't want to keep sharing his wife with others, and I had other reasons to quit my slavery as well, but Lisa could continue to serve as Master's slave. I surprisingly had no problem with it. Two slaves can become very close when serving a single Master. Once we sucked Master, we didn't stay abed afterwards. We needed to say goodbye to Sarah and Ron, even if Master was leaving for work.

Sarah was already up as well, her new slave licking her cunt while she sat on the couch. She looked up when we entered the room, but didn't stop. Mistresses are not ashamed of being serviced by their slaves. She had a well fucked look a slave could recognize.

Master had toast and peanut butter and coffee for breakfast. We offered to make Sarah and her slave something more substantial, since they would start walking the trail again today. She took us up on our offer and said her slave would clean up since we were cooking. Sarah and Master kissed before he left, wishing her good fortune on her trek with her new slave. Sarah looked pointedly at us with raised eyebrow.

"I promised them I'd consider the options," Master said.

So he was still considering the needs of his two slaves. He also kissed us goodbye before he left. We would be freed when he returned.

"We still have time before Regina gets here," Sarah said. "I want each of you to lick me to an orgasm."

Being slaves, we couldn't refuse the orders of a Mistress. Getting progressively better with each experience licking cunt, it didn't take either of us long to satisfy a Mistress.

Sarah sighed when we were finished, our faces covered in her cum.

"I'm going to miss you slaves. You've been quite beneficial to me in terms of both sex and understanding of slave mentality. Nor am I as hung up on labels as I used to be. I shall never squirm except in a good way at the thought of pleasing or being pleased by a woman."

"We're happy we were of service to you, Mistress," I said. "I think I speak for both of us when I say we've enjoyed your visit as well." Lisa nodded.

"As my parting gift to you both, I will allow you to cum twice today, but not until after one PM. I want you hungry for awhile."

"Yes, Mistress. Thank you, Mistress," Lisa replied. Slaves were not in charge of their pleasure; Master's were. We were lucky to be allowed to cum at all.

Mistress Sarah gave Ron a pair of her underwear to wear. He put it on. Plain cotton, but definitely a woman's cut of underwear. It was a tight fit, Ron being bigger waisted than Sarah. Fortunately, he wasn't hard. Sarah hadn't given him permission to have an erection. Just before eight, he was allowed to put on his pants, shirt and shoes he was wearing yesterday. Sarah got dressed as well, wearing the clothes she was wearing when she arrived, clean and unused for the past week. Ron was given her pack to carry. He'd have his own in short order, but for now, he could be Sarah's beast of burden.

Regina arrived a few minutes after eight.

"Put the slave in the back, Regina. I'll be out in a minutes to tell you where we need to go to get what Ron needs for the trip. Thanks."

They left, and Sarah turned to us. "Give me a kiss now, both of you," she said.

While we kissed, her hand plunged into our cunts and stroked us several times, pulling her fingers out of our pussies just before we could orgasm, wanting to leave us as needy slaves, unable to cum until after one. Both our cunts were dripping. Sarah laughed, knowing what she was doing to us. She licked her fingers clean instead of feeding them to us, tasting us for the last time.

"Behave yourselves, slaves. I hope to see you again sometime."

"Yes, Mistress. We do too." Though the next time we might meet, it wouldn't be as pathetic slave girls, but Julia and Lisa, next door neighbors and friends.

She left, closing the door behind her.

"If we can't cum until after one, we might as well go to the gym," Lisa said.

"Our slavery ends when Master gets home. He won't be able to punish us if we cum now," I pointed out.

"Is it slavery if we do whatever the fuck we want?" Lisa inquired.

"No," I admitted.

"Then you're saying our slavery is already over and we're just two horny neighbors who'll be fucking while one's husband is at work."

"I see your point. Let's go to the gym."

Fuck. Lisa's logic was impeccable, but I wanted to cum so bad. Damn Sarah for ratcheting up our need. Pathetic slaves and evil Mistresses. I was impressed. She really did understand slave psychology.

******

SCOTT

I spent a lot of time at work today thinking about my two slaves, soon to be wife and neighbor again. I thought about Ron and Regina and how they no longer seemed compatible. Ron was definitely a slave, but his wife didn't want to be a dominant. She wanted a husband and Ron might never be a husband again. I knew how much Julia and Lisa enjoyed their slavery. To be honest, I'd enjoyed being their Master. But there were parts of her slavery which I'd suffered through. Not so bad I hadn't found some enjoyment in it, but definitely bad enough I didn't want to keep repeating it every day for the rest of whatever. It was something I wanted to let Julia experience, but not to the point of going past the three weeks we'd agreed on for the experience.

Lisa was another matter. She wasn't my wife. If she wanted to fuck other men, it was really none of my business, but she could do it without me. She didn't need my approval to fuck. Or did she? Theoretically, she could fuck like a mink, enjoy sex to the utmost, but if she did, she'd be frowned up by society. A woman of questionable morals at best, a fucking whore at worst. Slavery for her had allowed her to be a woman who could enjoy sex. She had no choice in the matter. Slaves were expected to be sexually responsive creatures. Failure to be pleasing might result in punishment. She was easily the second most orgasmic woman I'd ever met, behind only Julia in that regard, and Julia had never been as orgasmic as her slavery allowed her to be. They were both cum queens now, able to climax at the drop of a hat.

All of the slaves were orgasmic. Rose, Slut, Gwen and Reneé were all able to cum quickly and often. Perhaps slavery was part of the dynamic allowing them to be free to orgasm as much as they wanted. Slavery freeing them to be the sexual creatures society normally frowned on women being. But if I kept Lisa as a slave, I would be allowing her something I refused my wife. Even if my wife could still have sex with Lisa and we both did so, it seemed unfair to Julia to give Lisa something I didn't want Julia to have anymore.

More and more, I wondered if I'd made some horrible mistake in giving Julia three weeks of slavery. Giving her a taste of it, but finally realizing she could never have it again. Wondering if at some point in the future, she and I wouldn't end up like Regina and Ron, diametrically opposed in what we wanted out of life, she a Master and me a wife. Slavery used to be a fantasy for her, one which she'd been willing to ignore, content to be a wife. But I'd given her the reality and she'd lapped it up like cum from Mistress Dark's cunt. What the fuck was I going to do?

Monday had been very sexually gratifying. It was impossible to deny it wasn't, but I don't think I could ever live through another day like it again. I loved my wife more than anything else in the world and watching her have sex with all those other people had burned like a knife plunging into my gut. She'd admitted to the same feelings watching me have sex with others. Neither of us were immune to the jealousy inherent in watching our spouses having sex with other people.

I didn't know how Harold and Mary or Reggie and Marge did it. They'd each been having sex with others for at least ten years. Somehow, they managed to hold things together, though to what degree, I had no clue. I couldn't imagine Julia and I in either of their situations without feeling my gorge rise a little. No, I couldn't do this anymore. I might as well kiss my marriage goodbye if we continued to play this game. Extending it would just make the problem worse, not better. Best to end it now while it was still relatively easy. Decision made; nothing more to do than work and wait for the end of the day.

Before I left, I spoke to Jerry and asked if he'd heard from Reneé yet. He told me he had. She hadn't made up her mind yet, but was asking if Jerry knew how to get in touch with Mistress Dark. She wanted to discuss slavery with both of her slaves, before she committed to the idea. I laughed. I suspected Jerry would soon have a delicious slave of his own if she was willing to explore the idea. I gave him the number and said Mistress Dark and her slaves were usually quite busy, but she might be able to give Reneé some time over the next few days.

The drive home was unusually tense for a Friday. Usually the end of the work week was a time for rest and relaxation. Today it seemed worse than heading back to work on Monday. I parked the truck, took a few deep breaths and went inside.

Julia and Lisa were sitting at the kitchen table, both clothed in sensible, normal clothes; the first time I'd seen them in anything other than slutty or naked for two weeks. Lisa's leather collar and cuffs were sitting on the kitchen table along with Julia's slave jewelry. Lisa had a grocery bag packed with the very few items she'd brought from her house sitting on the floor beside her chair. They were holding hands. I sat down across the table from them and took Julia's hand.

"Hello, Scott; my wonderful extraordinary husband," Julia said. "We were wondering if you'd had time to reconsider my - our offer - since we made it. Possibly extending our slavery, or at the very least keeping Lisa on as a slave?"

"I thought about almost nothing else all morning," I replied. "You know my primary objection to you continuing as a slave and I don't foresee that ever changing. I feel it's best to end it now because it's only going to get worse for me and harder for you if we put off ending it. It needs to stop now."

"I thought as much, Scott. I want to thank you for giving me the experience you provided me. I'll never forget it. In regard to Lisa continuing as a slave?" Julia asked.

"I have two primary problems with it," I answered. "First is fucking other people outside our marriage. This was supposed to be an experience, primarily for you. I didn't do it for myself, but I'm grateful you were willing to include Lisa in your experience and I think it made it easier for me, knowing you weren't the only one fucking other people. But now, if I kept her as a slave, I would be doing something for Lisa I am unwilling to do for you, as much as you enjoyed your slavery. I would allow her to continue while denying you the same thing. I don't feel it's right she should continue to enjoy it while you can't. I'm sorry, but it all needs to end now."

"Your answer isn't unexpected, Scott," Julia said. "It's what we were both expecting. I think we both understand, don't we, Lisa."

"I do understand, Scott." Lisa reached out a hand for me and I took it. "I can't thank both of you enough for letting me experience it with you." She squeezed both of our hands, smiling at us both.

Lisa released Julia's hand and Julia put it down into her lap and pulled out four packages. I suddenly saw what they were. Four boxes of birth control pills. She pushed them into the center of the table.

"Fuck, Julia! What the hell! You haven't been on your birth control and you've been fucking all these other people?"

She squeezed my hand again. "You don't need birth control pills if you're pregnant, dear. I haven't needed them for about six or seven weeks now, by my reckoning."

"You're pregnant?"

"Very much so. We have an appointment for our first ultrasound next Wednesday."

"Congratulations, Scott," Lisa said. "You're going to be a daddy."

"Julia, what? How? What the fuck!"

"You asked me when I agreed to my slavery how I knew so precisely the time I'd decided to be your slave. I knew because I'd just taken a pregnancy test which showed I was pregnant. I knew it was now or never if we're going to have children. Apparently all that fucking when I was just thinking about being a slave did the trick."

"Oh my God," I said, "I hit you and you were fucking pregnant?"

"You spanked me, Scott, and whipped me with a soft whip which left some stripes on my belly and tits and quickly faded. You didn't do anything which would harm me or the baby. Women are not as fragile as all that. We used to have our children in the fields, then keep on working. I checked with my OB about sex during the early stages of pregnancy and what kinds of things I could do or not without harming our child. I wasn't reckless. You didn't wonder why I haven't had my period for the last month?"

I thought about the various events over the last thirty days and nowhere was there a hint of a period.

"I guess I had other things on my mind. You knew?" I asked Lisa.

"Of course I knew. You don't get asked to be a sex slave to someone else's husband without sharing fucking everything."

"Why didn't you tell me before?" I asked Julia.

"Because I knew you'd get all protective and husbandly or fatherly and shit, and probably wouldn't let me go through my slavery because I was pregnant, and we had to do it now, not when I was six months along and all fat and ugly or when I'm trying to breast feed Junior."

"Jesus, Julia!"

"It's over now. Piece of cake, no issues for mother or child."

"Why the hell do you want to continue your slavery?"

"Because I won't even be showing a baby bump for another few weeks and I loved it. I loved every second of it. Maybe it was even better because I knew I was carrying your child and I was giving something to you in return for my slavery."

"Why would you want Lisa to continue as my slave?"

"Because she loves her slavery as much as I do and I'm going to get fat and ugly and she'll stay slim and beautiful and you'll have someone to fuck when you don't want to fuck me anymore."

"I'll always want to fuck you," I replied.

"Tell me that again after I've gained forty pounds, when my ankles are swelling and I have to pee all the time because the baby's pushing down on my bladder."

I laughed. I roared. I screamed, "I'm going to be a fucking father!"

"A good time to sell part of your business to Jerry."

It suddenly clicked, a whole bunch of shit making a lot more sense now. "That's why you two were looking at each other the way you were when I told you about my plans. Both of you shits already knew I was going to be a father."

Julia smiled at me. "I almost wanted to tell you then, but you might have wanted to cut my slavery short, and I wasn't ready for it to end."

"I can't believe this. I can't fucking believe this."

"You better believe it, because that baby's going to be dropping around seven, seven and a half months from now. You might want to tell your parents, although it's customary to wait until the three month mark. Usually fewer issues crop up after that and it's going to start showing anyway."

"Do your parents know?"

"No, I couldn't say anything before Memorial Day and since Memorial Day, it might be a month before I can say anything at all to them, let alone I'm having a child."

"Christ, you were drinking alcohol!" I exclaimed, remembering everything we'd done since her slavery started.

"Never more than a sip, Scott. I was careful. I didn't want to give it away by stopping alcohol altogether, but Lisa drank most of mine. Even when we were out at Luigi's and had those two bottles of wine. I had a sip of each of them. Usually, Lisa just switched glasses with me. Sometimes, she just drank from mine so you'd see it going down. You were paying attention to Gwen that night."

"You two were in this together the whole time?"

"Not really, Scott," Lisa said. "I didn't plan on joining. I knew Julia was pregnant, but this is what she wanted, her fantasy, not mine. During the poker game, I suddenly realized it was what I wanted too. I thank you both for the adventure of a lifetime. I was hoping it could continue and I'm sorry it can't, but I understand why you won't do it anymore." She squeezed our hands and got up to go.

"Will you be coming with us to see Zoe?" Julia asked.

"I feel like I'll be a third wheel at this point," Lisa replied. "You're back to husband and wife now."

"We've shared an awful lot," I said. "Even if I won't have sex with you again, it will always be a more intimate acquaintance than just neighbors and friends from now on. Let's call it very close friends. Please, join us."

"I think you'll enjoy it," Julia said. "Zoe is very sweet and quite enjoyable to talk to. Plus, there's always the jewelry. I'm sure we can find something nice and affordable."

"If you're sure you won't mind?"

"Not at all," I replied. "It's a very lengthy trip. You can help keep us company."

"Sure, I'll come."

"Thank you. Remember to be here at six AM," Julia said.

Lisa did leave then, the first time we'd been alone in the house except for very brief periods of time for the last two weeks. It was going to seem like an empty house for awhile.

"So, you're going to be a mother?" I said.

"And you're going to be a father. Are you ready to be a Dad?" Julia asked.

"I think so. My Dad was a pretty good example of what a father should be."

"I think so. He raised a wonderful son and a good man. I want you to know how proud I am of you. You're the very best person I know. I can see why Lisa loves you too."

"You don't care if your best friend loves me?"

"No, because I know you'll never do anything to hurt me. A more honorable and noble person, I don't know. I think it's very nice of you to let Jerry share ownership of the company with you. He's another good man. Most of our friends are like you, good people. You don't suffer fools and idiots."

"Thank you for your kind words."

"Scott, I'm willing to do for you all the things I used to do as a slave, as your wife. You want blow jobs, you get blow jobs. You want anal sex, you get anal sex. One of the things I enjoyed as a slave was the constant engagement with you. You've always been more of the initiator of things sexual or romantic. I want that to change. You've been the one who works hardest to keep our marriage fresh and alive, as proven by your gift of my slave experience. I should work at it as hard as you. I think a celebratory fuck is in order. We're going to be parents. We should celebrate, and I can't drink, so let's take it to the bedroom and boogie down."

"That sounds like an excellent idea, Mom"

"I kind of liked being naked. You don't mind if I don't wear clothes most of time do you, Dad?"

"Hardly. As long as you're not naked when we're taking deliveries."

"Nope, fully clothed for deliveries, grocery shopping, running over to Lisa's, exercise, you name it. Just naked around the house."

"I don't know. You're going to be getting all fat and ugly. Not sure I want to see that."

Smack. She hit my arm. "Ow."

"If you didn't want to see fat and ugly, you shouldn't have fucked me pregnant." She smiled, knowing I was joking.

"Still, I should fuck you now while I can stomach your appearance."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
She tried to hit me again but I caught her arm and picked her up, carrying her into the bedroom. She wrapped her arms around my neck and settled in.

"I wonder how long before I can't pick you up anymore?" I said.

Julia kissed me and I forgot all about smart ass comments. We made love for a couple hours.

We were lying in bed in a panting, post-coital languor, when Julia asked, "Will you run out for some pickle ice cream?"

"They don't make pickle ice cream."

"You could buy some vanilla and put some pickles in it."

"Are you serious?"

"No, but I am hungry. We just had memorable sex."

"I could order something, but not Thai."

Julia laughed. "Or you could just whip something up. Some salad, crackers and cheese. If you still had a slave, Lisa could do it."

"Or you could whip something up."

"I'm pregnant. I shouldn't work too hard in my delicate condition."

I laughed again. "So much for dropping babies in the field and going back to work plowing." She laughed too. "What did you do this afternoon since you didn't make any supper?"

"Sarah left two very needy slaves this morning. She said we could have two orgasms, but we had to wait until after one. Since it was Lisa's last time with orgasms unless she masturbates, we actually waited until three. After the sex, we took a shower and waited for you."

"And you only had two?"

"On the whole, we're very obedient slaves. I wanted to cum right away after Sarah left because I knew we couldn't be punished any more. Our slavery ended as soon as you arrived home. Lisa pointed out if we did, I was essentially saying my slavery was already over and we'd be fucking because you weren't home. That wouldn't be right, so we went to the gym instead and waited until three, and only had two."

We got up and started making something to eat. She worked on a salad and I sliced cheese, salami and pulled out some Club Crackers to put it on.

"Are you going to miss sex with Lisa?" I asked.

"Are you?" Julia asked.

"I asked you first."

"You do realize I'm not gay, probably not even bi, right? I had sex with women because I was a slave and had to do as a Master or Mistress said. Slavery made me crave sex, and Lisa was a source of sex, but if I'm not a slave and don't crave sex to the same degree and you're willing to boink when I need it, I'm not intending to have sex with her again."

"Why do you think your slavery made you crave sex so much?"

"It released me from my repression. Slaves aren't allowed to be repressed. I had to serve you in any capacity you desired, whenever you desired it. I had to be ready for sex at a moments notice."

"Since you were released from your repression, do you think you'll maintain your sex drive?"

"I think I'll always have more desire for sex than I did before. I've discovered I like to suck your cock and swallow you're cum and like anal sex, which is why we just had some really good sex together, but I can feel the slave heat need and desire I felt as a slave slowly dissipating. As a Master, you were fucking several times a day. Do you still have the drive for sex you had with a willing and eager sex slave or two? I'm still naked. We just fucked. Do you want to fuck again? Or could you easily wait until tomorrow?"

"Shit! I could wait until tomorrow," I said.

"I think slavery unleashed us both, Scott. I doubt we'll go back to the way it was before; two or three times a week, but I doubt we'll have sex more than once a day. There was something about my slavery that inspired both of us. Having not one, but two hot slaves to fuck. Hell, you had to fuck both of us just to preserve balance. You didn't want to show favoritism to one slave over another. Plus watching us have sex with one another was usually good for another erection. I would be very surprised if we continued to have sex nearly as often as we did when I was a slave."

"I'm not sure I could have kept that pace up forever anyway. Chen thought I was getting tired from too much sex."

"Perhaps, but we only had three weeks, and wanted to take full advantage of every minute. I'm guessing you would have dropped down to two to three times a day at some point. You have to admit the desire for sex was definitely higher, wouldn't you?"

"No doubt."

"Sex unleashed by leashing a slave." She set the salad on the table. "I'm not saying we have to have sex 3-5 times a day, but it was a byproduct of my slavery."

"You may be right," I said, thoughtfully.

We ate, then went to bed, and there was no more sex.

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 21|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-21|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<em>Lisa, Julia and Scott go to Brianna's estate and learn what slaves truly wish of their dominants. This chapter contains oral sex, intercourse, spankings and masturbation. Some of you will recognize familiar names. </em>

<strong>Ch 21 - A New Beginning?</strong>

JULIA

Lisa arrived five minutes before we had to go. We'd packed some beverages in a cooler as the drive was over three hours to LA and could be worse depending on traffic. Fortunately, it wasn't a weekday, so the traffic might be slightly better than usual. I sat with Lisa in the back so we could talk. Scott made the music louder up front and quieter in the back so we could hear each other.

"Can you believe how hard it is to get used to wearing clothes again?" Lisa said.

I laughed. "I know. Underwear, right? I haven't worn underwear for three weeks unless it was all I was wearing."

"Probably just as well. They would have been soaked all the time."

"I'm so looking forward to seeing Zoe again."

"I still don't understand how you met her before," Lisa said. "My ex would never tell me about his old girlfriends."

"Scott started the business on his own and he started out small and as long as it was small, he ran it as a sole proprietorship. As he added more employees and wasn't supervising everyone himself, he wanted to incorporate. Zoe helped him with the paperwork. She wasn't a lawyer yet, still just a student, but Scott said she was one of the smartest people he knew. He dated her when they were undergrads. She finally told him she believed she was lesbian, that she was attracted to women. They broke up, but it was amicable. They stayed in touch and he still talks to her every once in awhile. When Zoe first joined Brianna's Baubles as legal counsel, she told Scott she was going to be a submissive to the owner, Brianna Worth. She invited us both down there to visit, shortly after Brianna moved to their current location.

"It's when I first met her. She said she was a sex slave and explained what it was and what it meant to her. It fascinated me and it's when I started reading novels about sex slavery. I guess you could say she was the precipitator of our slavery."

"So, what's the deal with her and this Sam guy who fathered her child?"

"I haven't a clue. Part of the reason I want to speak to her. We're both pregnant now. We can share tales. She's not the only one of Brianna's submissives. When Zoe first started, there were around six or seven others, but the number has grown as her business grew. She uses them as her models, jewelry artisans and fabricators. And her lawyer, obviously. It's been awhile since we talked, obviously, because I knew nothing about Brianna's children, nor hers either."

"Why would she need so many sex slaves?"

"I don't know. Obviously a lot of them are employed there. As a woman, she's not subject to the same biological restrictions as men are."

"I wonder how that works, being a submissive sex slave to your employer."

"I imagine it means you're a slave twenty-four hours a day; every day a slave day, no time off while your Mistress is at work or on a weekend."

"I'm getting wet just thinking of serving twenty-four hours a day," Lisa said.

"Me, too."

******

SCOTT

I was mostly listening to the music as I drove, but it wasn't so loud I couldn't hear my former slaves talking in the back seat. Their getting wet comment didn't escape my notice, nor did many of the other comments they made regarding the nature of their recently ended slavery. It sounded as if they still wished to be sex slaves and would welcome the opportunity to become one again.

Both of them said they understood why it couldn't continue, but sounded as if they'd leap headlong into slavery if they could. Maybe I was doing the wrong thing once more, bringing them to Brianna's where they'd be surrounded by beautiful submissive slave girls as they'd once been. I almost thought of turning around and going back home, but no, I knew how much Julia was looking forward to seeing Zoe again and I did need the paperwork.

The drive seemed shorter than usual because I started to dread arriving and it always seems those things you want take forever to get here and the things you hate, are but an instant. We pulled into the gated compound and Zoe was waiting for us to arrive. She was naked, as most of Brianna's slaves were on the estate. Zoe's pregnancy was barely visible. If I didn't know about it, I could easily have missed it, a slight swelling of the abdomen. It would have been invisible under clothes. It wouldn't be long before Julia sported her own. I'd always liked Zoe and could have easily seen myself with her if she hadn't decided she was into girls. In a way, it was good she was because then I would never have met Julia and I couldn't imagine loving anyone more than I loved her.

"Hello, Scott, Julia. Welcome. I'm so glad to see you both again." She hugged us both. "And who might this be," Zoe said, indicating Lisa.

"This is our friend and neighbor, Lisa McManus," Julia replied.

"Lisa, I'm pleased to meet you. Did they warn you we were primarily nude here most of the time? I can put on clothes if you'd be more comfortable that way?" Zoe said, taking her hand.

"Julia told me you were a submissive to your employer, so I suspected there would be attire indicative of that. You don't have to put on clothes for me. I just came out of two weeks of sex slavery myself. Julia and I were submissive to Scott. It ended yesterday."

"Scott, you dog. You told me about Julia's slavery, not that you had another slave as well."

"It was ending," I said. "Didn't seem relevant for a short conversation."

She turned to Julia. "Does this mean you and Lisa have had sex together?"

Julia blushed. "It does."

"Did you enjoy your walk on the other side of the street?"

"I didn't hate it," Julia admitted. "It was just part of my subservience. Being a slave makes you quite hungry for sex."

"Doesn't it though," Zoe laughed. "I'm horny all the time, and I swear my pregnancy makes it worse."

"That brings up an unexpected bit of news," I said. "Julia informed me yesterday I'm going to be a father."

"Really? How marvelous for you both." Zoe hugged us again, whispering congratulations in my ear. "Listen, why don't we get the business out of the way first, then we can catch up. I know I have a lot of questions, and I'm sure you do too. Let's go sit down at the dining room table. If you haven't eaten, I'm sure there's still something to be had, even if it's just fruit and pastries."

I was hungry. We hadn't eaten before we left nor stopped on the way. "Lead the way," I said.

Zoe led us to the dining room table. A gorgeous, caramel colored black woman was clearing some of the food away. She was naked as well.

"Bon jour, Monsieur, Maîtresses," she said upon seeing us. "Can I get you anything? Coffee, tea, juice? I was making crepes today. I can make you some. I still have some batter left. Or we still have pastries and fruit; whatever you wish."

"Thank you...I'm sorry, your name is?"

"Chantelle, Monsieur."

"I'd love some crepes and coffee, Chantelle. Julia and Lisa, what would you like?"

"Have the crepes," Zoe suggested. "Chantelle is a world class chef. You won't be disappointed."

Lisa and Julia looked at one another and Julia said, "We'd both like the crepes as well, and some tea would be good for me." "Juice for me," Lisa said.

Chantelle nodded, saying "Very well," and disappeared in the kitchen.

Zoe started going over the paperwork. It was pretty straightforward. She told me to make sure I kept 51% of the company so I would always have control. No matter how much I liked and trusted Jerry, it was still my company and I should maintain it as such. Zoe had figured different prices for the company based upon how quickly Jerry purchased his shares as she said that unless there was a sudden crash in the housing market, my company was growing rather quickly and becoming more valuable over time. She calculated each percentage share as a portion of the expected value of the business. His 49% would be a lot cheaper to obtain if he purchased it all this year as opposed to chunk by chunk over the next several years. How much and when would be up to him.

Our discussion was interrupted when Chantelle returned with the crepes. The conversation died quickly.

"Oh my God," I said. "These things are heavenly. Thank you, Chantelle. They're melting on my tongue. What is it?"

"Smoked salmon and goat cheese crepes, Monsieur. They have a little garlic, baby spinach, red peppers, capers, and fresh dill is sprinkled on the top."

"Zoe wasn't kidding. You're a fantastic cook. I'm impressed. Are you Mistress Brianna's sex slave, too?"

"I used to be, Monsieur. I submit to Monsieur Sam now, and his wife, Marcia."

There was that Sam guy again. Who the fuck was he? I was starting to develop more and more questions for Zoe unrelated to business. It could wait until we finished anyway.

We went back to the paperwork in between bites of the food. I'd weigh three hundred pounds if I lived here and ate like this all the time.

It was all laid out with historical past growth and expected future growth. She said if Jerry got an attorney to look it over for him, his attorney could call with any questions, or Jerry himself could call. She'd be happy to answer any questions. She showed us all the places for our signatures and had marked them with tabs. There were a couple places Julia had to sign as she was nominally part owner in the business as well. Julia wasn't having any difficulty following along, so it would be clear to everyone.

"Any questions about the legal papers?" Zoe asked when we'd finished.

"Not about the papers, lots of questions about other things," I replied. "Who's the father again and did you undergo artificial insemination?"

"Oh, no. Did it the old fashioned way." She held up her left hand with a circle formed of her thumb and fore finger, and poked the finger of her other hand back and forth, mimicking the sex act.

"I thought you gave up men," I said.

"For everything but pregnancy, yes. Sam lives here now. Would you like to meet him?"

"I think I would," I said.

"Everyone's out by the pool," Zoe said. "I'll warn you, there are no clothes being worn there at the moment."

"Sounds like our Memorial Day party, Scott," Julia said.

"Yes, though I'm guessing it's like that almost all the time," I said.

"Pretty much 100% of the time," Zoe agreed.

"Before we go out there, could you tell us a little about him?"

"Of course. Sam and Mistress met at a BDSM convention in Las Vegas. Sam and Marcia lived in Florida at the time. They kept up a correspondence, and Mistress asked Marcia to model for the Nude for the Homeless benefit here in LA. They came out and stayed here for a few days during the time of the benefit during which Mistress got the permission of Marcia to have children with Sam. Marcia agreed she could because she couldn't give Sam children. Mistress had to consent to be Sam's submissive during their attempt at mating as Marcia felt more comfortable if Mistress had to submit. Their sex was productive and Mistress had twins. They came for the birth.

"During their second stay here, when Brianna delivered the twins, Marcia agreed Sam could father additional progeny if the slaves wished it. Monique, Adele and Ingrid became pregnant at that time. Riyuki became pregnant when we attended Sam and Marcia's going away party in Florida. Dorinda and I became pregnant two months ago. Only one other woman is interested in having children at this time, but she's undergoing counseling for a previous trauma and has not yet received clearance from the doctors. There's a chance someone else is the father of Monique's, Adele's and Ingrid's kids; there was another male participating in the stud farm, but it really doesn't matter. Sam will be the acting Dad regardless."

"Why the direct method of getting pregnant instead of in vitro fertilization?" I asked. "I thought you were done with guys?"

"You mean why fuck with a living, breathing person instead of lying on a cold metal table getting impregnated with a turkey baster?" Zoe asked.

"When you put it that way," I said, "maybe it's not so odd."

"Sam is a very nice man, as is his wife, Marcia. Chantelle, is also his slave. Sam knows we're all lesbian or bisexual, and he's always respected that. Every time he's been with one of us to procreate, he ensures there are also females present to put us more at ease and we enjoy it more. He knows we're in it for the kids and doesn't try to change us from what we are. The rest of the time, he leaves us alone and isn't pestering us for sex. Brianna wouldn't have invited them to live here if he didn't respect everyone's boundaries. Of course, with both Marcia and Chantelle to fuck, they keep him busy. He's actually been quite helpful in a lot of ways. Believe me, you'll like him. Be careful or you'll fall in love with his wife. She's as hot as molten lava. Everyone here loves her a little."

"Let's meet everyone then," I said.

Zoe took Julia's and Lisa's hand and led us out by the pool. Many naked women were cavorting in the water and there were five children. Brianna's twins looked to be over year old. There were three others who looked to be a couple months. The three youngest all seemed to be dining on fat nipples. The twins were crawling on a huge blanket set under a tented sunscreen, under the watchful eye of several people, one of whom was male.

"Shouldn't there be another baby?" I asked, counting in my head.

"You pay attention. She's asleep in the nursery, not feeling well today. Her mother is with her," Zoe said. "Let me introduce you to Brianna and the others."

Zoe led us under the awning and knelt at the feet of a lovely woman I recognized as Brianna.

"Mistress, these are my friends, Scott and Julia Rivers, and their friend, Lisa McManus. I believe you previously met, but it would be several years now, shortly after we moved here. Scott, this is my Mistress, Brianna Worth, her wife, Monique, slaves, Adele and Ingrid, our financial specialist, Sam Evans and his wife and slave, Marcia."

We were shaking the hands of each of the people as Zoe introduced us. As I shook Sam's hand, he said, "Thank God, more testosterone. I'm drowning in a sea of estrogen here," getting a quick laugh. Marcia was an incredibly beautiful woman. She had piercings in both of her nipples and it looked like she had a slave medallion hanging from a loop piercing of her outer labia. She looked like she could be a movie star, though I didn't remember seeing her in any movies or TV shows. She was kneeling by Sam's chair, sitting on her heels. They were holding hands. She said, "Any friend of Zoe's is a friend of ours. Please have a seat."

We all sat down and Brianna told Zoe she could take a seat as well. She gracefully rose and took a chair.

******

JULIA

"Pleased to meet you again, Scott and Julia," Brianna said. "Zoe tells me Julia recently submitted to you as a sex slave."

"It was a temporary thing," Scott replied. "I noticed Julia kept reading slavery romances and asked her if she'd like to try the real thing instead of just reading about it. So, we gave it three weeks to give her a taste of what slavery would be like. It ended yesterday."

"How did you like it, Mistress?" Marcia asked me.

"I loved it," I replied. It felt odd being called Mistress. I'd been a slave for three weeks and now someone was calling me Mistress, just as I used to do as a slave when addressing a non-slave.

"They informed me when they arrived, Julia is expecting a child now." Zoe added. "Scott learned yesterday he's going to be a father for the first time. I'm guessing they might be having a baby a short time after I do. I also learned Julia was not the only one to have served as a slave. Lisa was also Scott's slave for a period of time."

Everyone congratulated us on the announcement of our imminent arrival and they looked with renewed interest at Lisa.

"You no longer wear a collar either," Brianna noted.

"With Julia no longer participating in sex slavery submission, Scott didn't feel it was appropriate to keep other slaves either," Lisa replied. "I'm back to plain old friend and neighbor."

"You enjoyed your slavery as well from the tone in your voice?" Brianna said.

"Very much so," Lisa replied. I held her hand briefly, squeezing it.

"Is it because Julia is pregnant she's not serving as your slave any longer?" Brianna asked.

"No," Scott answered, "it was over before I learned I was becoming a father. I had my reasons for wanting to stop having nothing to do with the pregnancy."

Everyone nodded thoughtfully.

"Do you want a boy or girl, Mistress?" Marcia asked me.

"Either one. I'm not particular. Part of the reason we're here is because Scott wants to be home more, so he's selling part of his business to a friend and co-worker. Zoe was doing the paperwork for the sale."

"What kind of business?" Sam asked.

"Home construction," Scott replied.

"Around here?" Sam asked.

"In Fresno," Scott answered.

"It's a hot day," Brianna said, "and you had a long drive. Would you like to take a dip in the pool before lunch is served?"

"We didn't bring swim suits, Brianna," I replied.

"Does anyone here look like they'd mind if you were skinny dipping?"

I laughed, saying, "No. Everyone looks pretty comfortable." I looked at my husband. "Would you mind, Scott?" I asked, my eyes glancing quickly towards Sam. I wasn't a slave anymore and Scott might have a problem with his wife undressing in front of another man, though I doubted if he cared if I was naked in front of the women.

"If Sam feels free to display his beautiful wife to everyone, I suppose I shouldn't object if my own is bare," Scott replied. "If you want to go swimming, feel free."

"Lisa, a quick dip in the pool?" I asked.

"Sounds lovely," Lisa said.

She stood up and started removing her clothes. I did the same and was conscious of many eyes watching as I removed my things, feeling more self-conscious than I had fucking in front of people on Memorial Day. Slavery really did eliminate many of the social justifications we had for nudity. Stripping as a free person more embarrassing than fucking as a slave. Fully naked finally, I took Lisa's hand and we went into the pool.

******

SCOTT

Everyone watched Lisa and Julia strip. They were fresh meat, I suppose. The women as interested in females as the males were.

When Julia and Lisa went into the pool, Brianna said, "Scott, why the hell aren't those two still in collars? It sounds as if they want to be."

"I couldn't do it anymore," I said.

"Do what?" Sam asked, "Be a Master?"

"Share my wife with other people," I replied.

"What do you mean?" Brianna asked.

"Part of Julia's slave fantasy was to be shared and used by other people. She's had sex with eight other men since she's been a sex slave. I couldn't watch her do it anymore."

"What the fuck!" Marcia exclaimed, standing up. "Who's the fucking Master here?"

"Slave," Sam warned, "watch your mouth."

"What? You know I'm right. This idiot has been topped from below," Marcia said. "He's no fucking Master!"

Sam slapped Marcia's ass, hard. "Over my knee, now, slave. I won't say it again."

Marcia immediately dropped over Sam's knees and he gave thirty of the hardest bare handed swats I'd ever seen anyone receive. Her ass was flame red before he'd reached ten. She never cried out, receiving all thirty stoically. Nobody else said 'boo' or even paid much attention to a slave being punished.

"She insulted you, Scott," Sam said, finishing up. "You can give her another thirty if you want."

"You just spanked her," I said.

"That was for not heeding my warning to watch her mouth. She deserves more for criticizing a Master which is not and never will be within her allowed behaviors. I mean it. Give her another thirty for sassing you. Get over his lap, slave."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
She got up from Sam's lap and placed herself over mine and I was staring at the most beautiful ass I'd ever seen. If there was such a thing as perfection, I was looking at it. I thought Zoe's ass was great. This one was better. Her bottom was bright red from Sam's spanking. I looked up at Sam and he nodded his head. I started spanking her.

"Harder," Sam said.

I spanked her harder. She still didn't speak or cry or sob, absorbing each of my spanks in silence. Halfway through, she choked out a "Master, I need to cum. May I cum please?"

"Can she cum, Scott?" Sam asked.

"No, she can't," I said.

"There's your answer, little slave," Sam said. "You may not cum."

Marcia moaned. Thereafter she started squirming delightfully over my legs as she tried to avoid climaxing. I finished the spanking and she crawled to her Master. Her bottom was a dark red.

"Say you're sorry to Scott, slave," Sam said.

"I apologize for my rudeness, Master Scott. It was uncalled for."

"I'll accept your apology," I said.

"Marcia is only a part-time slave and sometimes her regular employment pops through her slave persona and she speaks her mind," Sam said. "It needs to be corrected immediately."

"What's her job?" I asked.

"Deputy Sheriff for Los Angeles County," Sam said, tousling her hair.

Okay, that was a new one on me. I'd just spanked a deputy sheriff for the first and probably only time in my life.

"A deputy sheriff?" I said. "I'm not going to be arrested now, am I?"

Sam laughed. "She's not working and she earned that spanking, so no, you won't. She did raise a good point though, despite the politically incorrect way she raised it. Why don't you tell us how you put your wife into sexual servitude and what happened that you don't want to keep her there? Especially since it seems like two beautiful slaves for the price of one deal."

Why not share the story. "I noticed Julia reading a lot of the same romance novels all the time, primarily sex slave or reverse harem novels. Alien abduction or paranormal romance primarily, though some other types of things as well. I read some of her novels and thought it might be a good thing for her to experience sex slavery for real. Perhaps the reality wouldn't live up to the fantasy, but at least she'd know. I think I've made a mistake introducing her to it now."

"I'm not a reader of romance novels," Sam said. "What's reverse harem?"

"Many men sharing a single woman, instead of one man having many wives and concubines. It kind of negates the biological and physiological deficiencies of male reproduction."

"Hence why lesbianism is preferable to women than heterosexuality," Brianna stated matter of factly.

"If you don't love cock, Mistress," Marcia stated, just as certainly.

"And these romance novels were the only source of your understanding of dominance/submission and sex slavery?" Sam asked.

"I read one Gor novel, too, which really isn't a romance novel."

"No contemporary BDSM books, no how-tos, nothing like that?" Sam inquired.

"No. That was pretty much it," I replied.

"Did your wife have a safe word?" Brianna asked.

"Yes. I figured there had to be some way for Julia to opt out of her slavery if the reality wasn't meeting her expectations," I answered.

"With the exception of the John Norman Gor novel, all of the romances were by women authors? In none of the reverse harem books, the multiple men were ever upset or jealous at having to share their woman?" Sam asked again.

"No, not in any of the ones I read."

"Fantasy is right," Sam laughed. "I'm sure there are some men out there who won't mind sharing a woman they love, but none of the men in my experience would ever fit that description. I've shared Marcia two and a half times with other men. One was kind of a hall pass experience which she earned by sharing me with a model on my hall pass list, and the other person who came with her. The other one was a former police partner who was dying so I had no expectation he would ever become competition for her love. Both of them bothered the hell out of me. And you've let your wife have sex with eight other men? No wonder you don't want her to be a sex slave anymore. I wouldn't either if I believed I had to keep sharing my wife. You do realize that if you're the Master, your slave can't have sex with anyone you don't want her to, don't you?"

"Intellectually, I know it, but it was part of her fantasy, which is what I was trying to give her. It's not her fantasy anymore if I try to restrict her sex to just me. It becomes my fantasy now, not hers."

"I'm sorry for my earlier outburst, Master Scott," Marcia said. "I didn't realize the nature of your dilemma, but are you sure your wife's fantasy is to have sex with other people? Are you sure she wouldn't be happy with just you as her Master? I'm a total slave, but I'm not in this to have sex with other people; it's more the act of submission to my Master. If he chooses to share me with other people, it's within his prerogative, but except for a few women who my Master might also have sex with, I'm not having sex with anyone else and I'm perfectly content."

"It's the types of books she was reading."

"I try not to confuse the inner workings of a mental fantasy world with real life, Scott" Sam said. "People enjoy science fiction, yet realize it is speculative fiction. Some women fantasize about being raped, but would never want to be raped in real life. There are a few people I've met who I might have happily murdered, including just about everyone who slept with my first wife, and I could probably add her to the list too, but it stayed there, in my head, not out in real life. I would suggest a test to you if you're willing."

"What kind of test?"

"A test of what they want out of their slavery. Do either Julia or Lisa work?" Sam asked.

"No."

"Is there any reason they couldn't stay here for say, three weeks?"

"Our first ultrasound is on Wednesday, but I'm not going to leave them here for three weeks," I replied.

"Of course not. I don't want you to, but I want both of them to think they might have to stay here," Sam said. "Is there any reason they would reject you putting them back into slavery? Would they readily agree to be enslaved again?"

"I doubt they'd reject it. They both wanted to continue their slavery when it ended yesterday."

"Marcia and Zoe, give me your collars. We're going to try an experiment. Scott, I want you to re-enslave them, and if they're agreeable to being sex slaves again, say you're giving them to me for three weeks. I won't actually take them, but I'll treat them as if I am going to accept them and question them as if I am. We'll find out a whole bunch about what your slaves really want out of their slavery."

I looked at Zoe, the only person I really knew here. "Do it, Scott," she said. "Sam is an honorable man. He won't harm or even touch either of them. You can trust him to do what is right."

"I promise I won't, Scott," Sam said, "although I may have Zoe and Marcia touch them, if you have no objection. You want to know what Julia and Lisa want out of their submission, this is the way to find out. If, as I suspect, you're wrong about Julia's reason for submission, you'll have two delectable slaves back to keep and cherish and never share again if you don't want to. I certainly have no desire to share mine except with other women."

"Okay," I said. I was going to trust Zoe, even if I didn't know squat about Sam.

Zoe and Marcia had removed their collars and were holding them in their hands. "Give your collars to Scott, slaves, you'll get them back soon," Sam said. They handed me the two collars. "Marcia, please tell Chantelle to go along with anything we suggest to her. Go ahead, Scott. Call your slaves over and collar them."

I shouted out, "Julia, Lisa, could you come here, please."

******

JULIA

"Julia, Lisa, could you come here, please."

"Listen, Scott's calling," I said.

"What do you think he wants?" Lisa asked.

"Only one way to find out," I said.

We got out of the pool and joined the people under the canopy. Scott was holding two collars. Just seeing him holding a collar again started arousing me. Everyone else was watching expectantly. Slaves started bringing out items for lunch. Salads, fruit, water, were being set up on a table under the other end of the canopy in bowls of ice.

"You both seemed reluctant to give up your slavery yesterday," Scott said. "I've been speaking to everyone here and they think I'm making a mistake by giving up two marvelous sex slaves. I'm reconsidering my position. Would you be willing to accept a collar again as my sex slaves?"

"Of course, sir," Lisa said.

"Are you sure, Scott?" I said. "You were very unwilling to continue yesterday. Now you know I'm pregnant, it seemed even more unlikely you'd want me to continue."

"They made some very good points. I think I'd be foolish not to consider them. I'm perfectly willing to give it a shot."

"Are you certain, Scott?"

"Quite certain."

I knelt down in front of him. "Then I'm willing to accept your collar again, Master."

Lisa knelt down beside me. "As am I, Master."

"Excellent," Master said. He put the collars on our necks. I felt myself enter sub space again, my cunt flooding, becoming ready to fuck. It was so delicious. Then Master hit me with a monkey wrench. "I'm going to be leaving you here with Sam for three weeks."

"Master?" I said, panicked. "You can't. We have an ultrasound on Wednesday."

"Don't worry about it," Sam said. "Brianna will be loaning us her limo for the day to take you to your appointment. We can keep you naked in the limo until you get there, gives us a lot of time for fucking on the drive."

"If you want my collar again, you'll be staying here with Sam. Turn around and face your temporary Master, slaves," Scott said. "He said he'd make sure you had a fantastic time here. Even the lesbian slaves tell me he's a great fuck, isn't that right Zoe?"

"Of course, Master Scott," Zoe said. "Master Sam knows what to do with his cock to keep a slave girl happy."

"Master, I can't leave you alone. You'd be all by yourself."

Sam said, "I wouldn't take Scott's slaves without an exchange. Chantelle, could you please come here."

The beautiful, black slave who'd cooked us breakfast knelt down by Sam's side. "Chantelle, I'm going to give you to Scott for the next three weeks in return for the loan of his two slaves. You'd take good care of him, wouldn't you?"

"Of course, Monsieur. Whatever you wish. I'll cook and clean, suck his cock, whatever he wishes."

"She's the second best cock sucker I've ever encountered," Sam said. "Second only to my wife, who unfortunately, has to work, or else I'd give her to Scott as well. Kind of an even swap; two for two. He'll have to make do with Chantelle, but he won't regret it, I'm sure. She'll take him in her cunt, her ass. No hole unbarred, right, Chantelle?"

"Of course not, Monsieur. Your slave is a three hole slut for sure."

Chantelle's nude body rubbed up against Master's body and she kissed him, the black bitch.

"Go ahead," Master said, "look at your temporary Master. He'll tell you what he expects from you and I expect you to obey him in all things."

I slowly turned to face Sam. So did Lisa.

"Why so glum looking, slaves?" Sam asked. "Your Master told me the reason he can't accept your slavery anymore is because he finds it hard to watch you with other men. By swapping slaves for three weeks, he won't have to watch as we double and triple penetrate you. You'll be fucking morning, noon and night. There's two dominants here, plus with a few phone calls, we can get several others here before supper. That doesn't even include the slaves who'll want to taste your cunt. You've never met a better bunch of cunt lickers ever. Every woman who's ever experienced Monique's tongue says she's the best they've ever had. You won't have time to rest you'll be fucked so often. That is what you want isn't it? Scott said it was the type of romance you enjoyed, being made to serve multiple people, every hole used, often all at once. Just because he can't watch it, doesn't mean you can't enjoy it, does it?"

"Sam, Master Sam," I stuttered, "none of it would mean anything to me if my Master weren't here. I renounce my slavery if it's not to be with my Master."

"I'm your Master now, slave. For three weeks anyway. Why should it matter to you if your Master is not here? Do you want him to witness other people violate your body?"

"No, sir. It's not that." I was searching for what more I wanted to say. Why would Master give me away?

"Display, slaves," Sam barked, brooking no argument.

I jumped to my feet. So did Lisa. Mistress Dark's trainees respond quickly to a Master's orders.

"Zoe, check Julia for slave heat. Marcia, check Lisa. Tell me if they're wet."

Zoe ran her finger through my cunt, showing my wetness to Sam. Marcia did the same to Lisa. Zoe licked her finger afterward, then kissed me, whispering, "You taste delicious. I'll be one of the ones fucking you." I shivered.

"Very wet, Master Sam," Zoe vouchsafed.

"Same with this one, Master," Marcia said. "Both of them are hot slave slut bitches."

"What is it then, slaves? You're both wet, hot, randy slave bitches. You're obviously aroused by your slavery. Scott said you climaxed often as you were taken in all three holes. You can't tell me you don't like being fucked by multiple people. Everyone here can see what hot slaves you are. Why does your Master have to witness it?"

"Because I did it for him, Master Sam," I said. "The best fuckings I had, the best orgasms I had, were with him, even before my slavery started. Sure, you can make me cum. My slavery will ensure I orgasm, but without my Master, it would mean nothing. I want to cum for him, because he wants me to, not for some fucking stranger. He wanted me to experience every aspect of slavery and I did, but it was his gift to me, a chance to experience something I dreamed about. You fucking me means nothing without my Master."

"I'm not sure I understand, slave. Scott said you read reverse harem novels all the time. The whole point of granting your slavery was to give you what you desired. He's trying to do that now, give you everything you want without him having to observe it happen. We can reverse harem the shit out of you. You'll be fucked up one side and down the other. Isn't that your fantasy?"

"Not without my Master."

"You want to him to watch your body be violated? You want him to witness you screaming in pleasure as other people fuck you? Is that what you're telling me? That's what I'm hearing."

"No. I'm not saying I want him to watch me fucked by others. I want him to fuck me, to make me scream in pleasure. He's my Master, my natural Master. I want him to fuck me. I don't care if anyone else fucks me."

"That's not what he thinks, slave. What about you, Lisa? What do you want?"

"I don't want to be dumped here with a bunch of strangers who I don't know and don't care about. I love Scott and I love Julia and I trust them both. I know they'll never do anything to harm me. I don't know anything about you. If Scott wants me to stay and trusts me to be safe, I suppose I'd stay because I trust him, but I don't want to. I'd much prefer to go home with him and Julia. I loved serving as his slave. It doesn't mean I would love serving as anyone else's slave."

"What? You didn't enjoy fucking multiple men and women?" Sam asked.

"Sure I enjoyed it. What's not to enjoy? That's not why I wanted to become Scott's slave," Lisa answered.

"Why did you want to be his slave?" Sam asked.

"Because I could see how much Julia was enjoying her slavery. Even before she was fucked by anyone other than her Master. Because I love and trust Scott. Because Julia was unselfish enough to include me. It was definitely not to see how many people I could fuck. I was single and could fuck anyone I wanted. It wasn't what I wanted. I was unhappy."

"Are you sure, slaves, because I promise I will show you a very good time. Orgasm after orgasm. Ask anyone here. You won't be disappointed in your pleasure."

"I'm sure, Master Sam," I said. "I don't even care if he brings Chantelle home with us and fucks hell out of her. I just want to go home with him."

"Is that your final answer as well, Lisa?" Sam asked.

"Damn straight. Final answer."

"It looks like we don't have a deal, Scott. Neither of these slaves is in it for multiple partners. All they seem to give a shit about is you. Guess you can have them back. You'll have to put your own collar on them though. My slave gets crotchety when she's not wearing hers."

I felt Master's hands on the back of my neck removing the collar he'd just put on. He handed it back to Sam who put it on Marcia's neck.

"Does this mean I'm not your slave again, Master?" I asked, tearing up, wondering if I'd abandoned my slavery for the last time.

"No. It means we have to put yours back on when we get home. You will stay naked for the rest of your time here. Slaves don't get clothes."

He kissed the back of my neck and I turned into him and plastered my body against his, kissing, yearning to be taken by him right now.

"Fuck me, Master."

"I'd listen to her, Scott. Who knows what a needy slave slut will do when she needs to cum," Sam said. "She could end up fucking anyone."

"No one but you, Master," I whispered, "no one but you and Lisa."

"Does anyone have a bed which will hold one Master and two randy slave sluts?" Master asked.

Brianna laughed. "Don't you want to eat first?" She asked.

"We just ate a couple hours ago. I can wait until later for food."

"You're welcome to use mine," Brianna said, "but make your slaves clean up after themselves. I don't want to sleep in your fucking wet spot. Zoe would you show them where it is?"

"Of course, Mistress. My pleasure."

Master removed Lisa's collar and handed it to Zoe. He took our hands and we followed Zoe to Brianna's bedroom. Zoe opened the door for us.

"Welcome to the sisterhood," Zoe whispered to me as Master drew us to the bed.

She closed the door behind us.

******

SCOTT

I didn't quite understand what Sam intended doing. The fact Zoe trusted him did mean something to me, so I was willing to consider playing along until I found out what he was doing. Calling my wife and friend to me, I asked them if they were willing to accept my collar again. Lisa jumped right in. Julia was more hesitant and questioned me, not understanding why I'd change my mind in the space of a day. I found an answer she was willing to accept. She knelt at my feet again, as did Lisa. My heart leapt when they both knelt, yet I couldn't foresee changing my mind. I put collars around both their necks, then I gave her to Sam as he'd requested.

Both were startled at the sudden change, their eyes growing wide. As their Master, I was entitled to do so and they'd just agreed to their submission. Julia was the more panicked of the two, immediately pointing out she couldn't stay. Sam had an immediate answer. She would make it to her doctor's appointment and he'd still have time to fuck her. Then she said she didn't want to leave me alone. Sam had an answer for that as well, saying he was sending Chantelle back home with me in trade for their services. Chantelle played along and rubbed her naked body against me, kissing me. I saw a flash of fire in Julia's eyes as she saw Chantelle offer herself to me. Even Zoe agreed Sam knew how to please them. I told them both to face their new temporary Master. Reluctantly it seemed, they turned to face Sam, now kneeling to him. I felt weak kneed and my heart pounded as I thought of her actually spending three weeks with him. Chantelle was almost propping me up.

"Shhh," she whispered. "Monsieur knows what he's doing." I sure hoped so.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
Sam could see their obvious disappointment to be staying here. He asked why they were unhappy, that he would see to it they were well pleasured and would have nothing to worry about. He knew they enjoyed serving multiple partners and he'd happily provide all the fucking they could desire, from male to female. No hole would be left untouched, and often all of them together would be used.

He had them display for him, had Zoe and Marcia test their wetness, their slave heat. They were both wet, already falling into their slavery, ready to fuck. He told them he would ensure every fantasy they had for being used would be fulfilled, all without me having to watch it happen.

Julia said some things which made my heart sing. None of it would mean anything if I weren't with her. She'd rather surrender her slavery than continue without me. Sam didn't leave it there. He asked why she wanted me to witness her body being used by other people, especially since it was the problem I had with her continued slavery. She said she didn't want me to witness her having sex with other people. She'd participated as it was the gift I offered her to satisfy her fantasy. Yes, she enjoyed it, but because it was from me, not because it involved other people. It was the gift from her Master that mattered, not the sex with others. She admitted she'd cum as a slave if she stayed, but it would be nothing to her if I weren't there with her.

Sam asked the same types of questions of Lisa. She didn't want to stay either. She didn't know them or trust them. She loved and trusted us. Being a slave without us wasn't what she wanted.

I'd had it all wrong. I thought Julia wanted sex with other people because it was part of her fantasy. She wanted sex with other people because I gave her to them. Satisfying me was what she craved, not sex with others. The icing on the cake was when she told Sam I could bring Chantelle home and fuck her all I wanted, as long as she was with me.

Julia was happy in her slavery, not because it allowed her to fuck other people, she was happy because I was her Master. Lisa was willing to take a chance on staying because I ordered it, but she didn't want to stay either, no matter what was offered.

Sam said the trade was off. My slaves didn't care about fucking multiple partners, all they cared about was me. All they cared about was their Master.

I removed Marcia's collar from around Julia's neck and handed back to Sam who replaced it on his own beautiful slave.

"Does this mean I'm not your slave again, Master?" Julia asked, starting to choke up.

"No. It means we have to put yours back on when we get home. You will stay naked for the rest of your time here. Slaves don't get clothes." I kissed her neck and she turned, plastering herself against me.

"Fuck me, Master," Julia said.

I looked around at all the people watching. I didn't want an audience when I fucked my slaves.

Sam told me I better heed her. "I'd listen to her, Scott. Who knows what a needy slave slut will do when she needs to cum. She could end up fucking anyone."

Julia whispered to me, "No one but you, Master. No one but you and Lisa."

Shit! I wanted to fuck them both in the worst way.

"Does anyone have a bed which will hold one Master and two randy slave sluts?" I asked.

Brianna offered me her bed saying slaves should clean up after themselves. I was barely listening. I had hold of my slaves hands and was following Zoe who was leading us. I didn't want to let go of either hand. I was already hard. I'd been getting hard since Chantelle rubbed her nude body against me. Listening to my two slaves had finished the job. Zoe opened the door to her Mistress's bedroom. Crap, it was the largest bed I'd ever seen. I removed my clothes with my slaves help. Julia was sucking my cock before my shorts were below my knees. Lisa was licking my balls. I fell into the bed dragging them both with me.

I don't think Brianna had to worry about her bed. I doubt a single drop of cum was spilled anywhere but a hungry mouth. It might have gotten a little sweaty, however.

******

We reemerged three hours later. My slaves were immediately swamped by Zoe and several other slaves.

"How romantic," Zoe said. "Your Master couldn't even wait to fuck you. Does he know what he's doing? Did you cum? You have to tell us."

They dragged my two slaves into the water again, excitedly chattering. Sam, Marcia and Brianna were watching over the twins, asleep in the shade.

"Catch," Sam said, tossing me an ice cold bottle of water. I caught it and he said, "You need to rehydrate."

"Thanks, I probably do." I said to Brianna. "No one has to sleep in any wet spots tonight."

Brianna laughed merrily. "Thank you, Scott. I appreciate it. How did you like the bed?"

"It's huge. You could sleep six people on it."

"And often have. I have a lot of slaves I have to keep happy. It's an Alaskan King."

"We should probably leave soon. It's a fairly long drive back to Fresno."

"Nonsense," Sam said. "Stay for supper. Chantelle is making herb crusted prime rib with béarnaise sauce, new potatoes, glazed carrots and cherries jubilee. Eat, then spend the night. We have a spare bedroom you can use. You can leave tomorrow at a decent hour. Since all of your dominance and submission experience came from sex slavery novels, we thought it might be helpful to speak to you regarding the subject from a non reverse harem point of view."

"The meal sounds delicious," I said. "I can't say I would mind any advice you have either."

"Delicious doesn't even begin to describe it, Master," Marcia said.

"How is it you all don't weigh 300 pounds?" I asked.

"We mostly only eat such foods when we have company," Brianna said. "The rest of the time we tend to eat lighter fare like the lunch you skipped today."

"And lots of sex," Sam said. "It was my diet plan, which is a whole other story."

"Are you sure it won't be any trouble?" I asked.

"Any friend of Zoe's is our friend too, Master. I'm sure my Master would love to have another male to talk to. He wasn't kidding when he welcomed more testosterone this morning."

"Thank you."

"We understand how you might have gotten into your situation," Sam said, "since you were operating from a different set of rules than most dominants and submissives, but it's been our experience that once a barrier is broken, it's sometimes difficult to close the door again. Who were the other men your wife had sex with? I ask because if you don't want your wife having sex with other men, they're going to be the problem."

"A food delivery driver," I said. "Lisa's father, the impotent husband of a slave we had briefly, and five of my poker buddies, though one of them is probably more gay than not, and a submissive and he's currently on the Pacific Crest Trail hiking for several months with a brand new girl dominant."

"I doubt if you'll have problems with the delivery driver," Sam said. "Don't order food from there any more. The gay submissive shouldn't be a problem either. Just tell him to stay the fuck away. The impotent guy; if he's impotent, how did he fuck your slave and how often would you see him?"

"He used a strap-on, and I doubt we'll see him again. His wife was serving as a slave due to his impotence, but he realized he might be able to pleasure her himself if he's willing to consider alternative ways of having sex."

"Is Lisa's father going to be an issue for you?"

"I don't think so. I hope not."

"How the hell did he get involved anyway?" Brianna asked.

"A wild Memorial Day party. The slaves served anyone who was there except their children."

"Well, assuming Lisa's Dad won't be an issue, that leaves the poker buddies. Marcia and I have discovered once you start having sex with other people, it may be harder to shut them off, especially if you're close."

"You seem to have quite a few children running around. How many people are you having sex with?" I asked.

"Regularly, two, my slaves only. It's possible for me to have sex with Brianna and Monique on a regular basis, though because they're both committed lesbians, it usually doesn't happen unless Marcia or possibly Chantelle is with me. They're more into Marcia than they are me. To avoid further entangling our lives, Marcia doesn't have sex with anyone else other than those three while a non-slave, and we never have sex as a couple with anyone other than those three people. If one of the women desires to have children, we've agreed I could sire them if that's what they wished, but only me and a woman other than Marcia and only during their fertile cycle. There's another couple, but they live in New York, so it would never be a regular thing. Unfortunately, having sex with people creates a certain level of intimacy that's hard to shake off, which is why we've now got so many rules restricting when and where and why. My question is what are you going to do to avoid your slave from having sex with people she's now had sex with?"

"They all knew she was doing this for only three weeks," I replied.

"But now she's your slave again, Master Scott," Marcia said, "and I assume she'll remain so on a permanent basis from now on. If she's dressed like and acting like a slave, people might continue treating her like a slave."

"You're not a full time slave," I said. "How does that work."

Marcia laughed and held her Master's hand. "I give my Master a certain number of days of slavery per month based upon his keeping weight off. He used to be a bit of a porker. I promised him two days of slavery for losing forty pounds and an additional day for each additional five. He's up to nine days a month, which is served on my off days or vacation days. The rest of the time, I'm just his wife. It's hard to keep things straight sometimes, but I have to because of my job. Mostly, it's my slave gear. If I'm wearing it, I'm a slave, if I'm not, don't fuck with me like I am. I'd like to say nudity could help determine, but we're pretty much naked all the time here."

"How did Sam end up with another slave," I asked, "especially since you're his wife?"

"That's a bit of a longer story that we'll share with you tonight, Master," Marcia said, "but you've got two, so you must have some idea how it could happen."

"Lisa asked Julia and she agreed, I think mostly because I was allowing her to fuck other people."

"That's where her slavery didn't really compute with us," Sam said, "because if you're truly a dominant, you don't let your slave fuck anyone else unless you want them to. Though I can see how it might have happened given the source material you were working from."

"I was looking at the whole thing as a gift for her; a way to experience her fantasies. I was somewhat prepared for what would happen. I allowed it to happen, even forced it in some ways, but it was why I limited it to three weeks. I couldn't see it going longer due to the extracurricular fucking."

"Which is why you felt you made a mistake, because Julia loved her slavery so much?" Sam asked.

"Yes, and I was sure it was because she got to fuck all these other people. I was so relieved that's not a part of it."

"Not exclusively, Master," Marcia said. "Submission is its own reward, but sex is a part of it. Best sex of my life occurred after my slavery, and I've got some exhibitionist in me, so having sex in front of others adds an extra special thrill for me, and I can't say I didn't love getting double or triple penetrated. With very few exceptions, most of that occurs with other females and my Master and not multiple men. Master was cheated on by his first wife and doesn't like to share me with men. Part of the reason is I am primarily heterosexual and can experience emotional attachments to men. I can't with women, which is why he doesn't care about my having sex with them."

"Plus, watching two women have sex is incredibly erotic," Sam said. "Twice the female body parts. Additionally, when Marcia's in slave mode, I can't keep up with her. She could have sex all day long, so it helps to have a woman or two or some toys to keep her engaged."

"Another argument in favor of lesbianism," Brianna said.

"Not if you like cock, Mistress," Marcia said.

"I'm not crazy about seeing Julia with other men either, now I've experienced it. Like you, women don't bother me. It's more of a turn on."

"Are your poker buddies somewhat trustworthy?" Sam asked.

"I've known a couple since high school, one for most of ten years, the other for five. I like steady, honest people of integrity. I believe they're all trustworthy. The guy I'm selling half my company to is one of them. I think he'll soon have his own sex slave."

"Still, naked sex slaves are pretty tempting," Sam said. "At least at the beginning, you might want to remove collars and cuffs from your sex slaves and dress them while the others are around. As they get used to the idea their fuck holes aren't part of the deal anymore, you can consider dressing them more provocatively and putting their collars back on when they're around. It's always harder to say no once you've said yes. People have expectations about sex once they've had it with you. Hell, I even had sex with my ex a couple times, and I had long since stopped caring for her. Before I met you, slave," Sam assured Marcia when she started to react. "You know about anyone else I've ever had sex with."

She smiled up at him.

"One of the advantages of having a wife and slave who can pound you into the ground like a tent stake. It makes it much easier to resist temptation," Sam said, laughing.

"Don't you forget it, Master," Marcia said, kissing his hand.

"I never forget it, little slave, even if you weren't the most spectacular woman in the known universe."

"Amen," Brianna said.

"Why aren't you a model, Marcia?" I asked. "You're certainly gorgeous enough to be one."

"No interest in it, Master Scott."

"My slave has a warped and poor sense of her own beauty," Sam said. "She doesn't think she looks as magnificent as everyone else does. I can't say I'm unhappy about it, though. Having men panting after her and hounding her would make me uncomfortable. A deputies uniform hides a lot when she's wearing body armor. I can show you some pictures of her one modeling gig. I still get an erection every time I look at them. They were for a local charity and since it was a National Nude Day event with a lot of nudity, it didn't get a lot of photo coverage."

"Why only the one?"

"I did it before it was determined we'd be moving here and I'd seek employment with local law enforcement. When we moved out here, Master Scott, and with the coverage most models get, I couldn't risk my future employers finding out about my activities. Anything done in a public setting would be a violation of my slave agreement, although sometimes my Master thinks it's amusing to make me cum in public and I'm forced to hide my reactions to my pleasure."

"I enjoy the same thing," I said. "Watching my slaves try to remain calm when they're squirming inside is fun. What made you decide your husband could sire children with others?"

"Brianna was the first to ask, Master. I am unable to give my husband a child. I had to have a hysterectomy due to severe endometriosis. We'd met and kept contact with one another. She was reaching an age where she felt it was important to have a child or give up the idea. She didn't want to do so in a clinical setting if the alternative was available. She approached me about Sam prior to my modeling gig here. She agreed to let Sam be a part of the children's lives as a father, as well as take full financial responsibility. Given it was the only way for him to have children, I agreed. The others are more of a challenge to me as a wife."

"Our beloved slave, Marcia, is much too modest again," Brianna said. "The one disadvantage of lesbianism is the inability to have children without finding a sperm donor. When you do, the sperm is usually inserted in a clinical setting without love or emotion being involved. Sam is one of the few men we've met who doesn't feel threatened that women would want to have sex only with other women. He doesn't feel compelled to change our sexual orientation. When one of us decides we want children, he welcomes the participation of other women. It is not uncommon for me to be present, or some other slave who the child desiring slave loves or at least, is comfortable with. When procreation occurs, it is with the loved and cherished one present, participating in the act. The children are born out of an act of love, not a laboratory. Marcia realizes this and graciously consents to the use of her husband for this purpose and reason. It's a very generous act on her part. This is the reason so many of us love her and why we're comfortable with them living here. Sam isn't trying to convert us nor to have sex with anyone unless we wish it for this purpose. It's a good arrangement for everyone but Marcia, but she tolerates it out of love for her husband and her friendship with us."

"You take full financial responsibility for all the children?" I asked.

"They're the children of my slaves, so yes. I consider them mine, although Sam is providing the sperm. The only ones Sam will be responsible for are any he has with his other slave, Chantelle, since she is his and a slave whom he stole from me."

"He stole her from you?"

"Well, as much as stole her from me. He made her fall in love with him and his cock. She was one of the few bisexuals that belonged to me. It's my own fault for allowing them to be together. I knew how enchanting his dick was when he impregnated me. Now she has the best of both worlds, Sam's cock and Marcia's sweet cunt, so I lost her to them."

"Hardly lost, Brianna," Sam said. "You still have sex with her and she still feeds you all, still models your jewelry. You've hardly lost anything."

"I lost her subservience to me," Brianna reminded Sam.

"You've got plenty of other slaves, including the one you got in replacement."

"True."

"How does that work anyway?" I asked. "Are they your employees? Do they work for free?"

"Not really," Brianna said. "I have to pay taxes on their supposed wages. I provide both room and board and an amount of money each month goes into an account which Sam manages for me. If someone wants to leave my service, they receive a proportionate share of this money based upon their years of service. For someone like Monique or Adele who have been with me since the beginning, they would leave as multi-millionaires. Newer slaves like Dawn, who is the newest, might leave with tens of thousands. They don't need many clothes. We have transportation available should anyone require it. It works out well for everyone."

"Interesting," I said. "My two slaves were considering starting a BDSM furniture business based upon my designs. Perhaps I should do much the same in terms of handling the money."

"You design BDSM pieces?" Brianna asked.

"One, I built for myself with Julia's and Lisa's help. They built another for possible sale through a dominatrix trainer and toy seller. Do you have any here?"

"I used to have a fairly well furnished dungeon, but with the advent of children, felt we shouldn't keep it out in the open. Children should develop their own ideas about submission and dominance and not have it thrust upon them. The area is now divided up and used as a place to exercise and a kids play room. It would be nice if something looked like one thing, but had a different purpose entirely. We'll sometimes use the chin up bar as a suspension point, but other than that, it's usually over a knee."

"I didn't think of the effect on children. I can see your point. I don't necessarily want my child knowing what's going on in the basement either. I might want to sell the other one I have and consider children friendly alternatives. The one I have is pretty obvious. It incorporates stocks, suspension points, punishment benches, and St. Andrews cross. It comes apart fairly easily, but it's obvious what it is when put together."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"Can you send me a picture of it," Sam said. "I'd like to take a look. Give me your phone number and I'll send you my contact information."

I did so and received a quick response. I added Sam to my address book.

Chantelle came out and addressed us. "Masters, Mistress, dinner is served."

Everyone followed her inside. There was a large dining area, but not everyone could be seated at once, so some of the slaves filled their plates with food and went to their rooms or back outside or anywhere else they could find a seat. I had Julia sit in my lap. Lisa got a chair. Both Marcia and Chantelle knelt beside their Master and he fed them both. It was interesting to see how similarly we treated our slaves, since I'd never been around anyone else except for Mistress Dark. Brianna didn't feed anyone. They all ate on their own.

The food was exceptional. I'd never eaten anything this good outside a restaurant. Chantelle really was a marvel inside the kitchen. If she fucked as good as she cooked, Sam was an extremely lucky man and he said Chantelle was only the second best cock sucker he knew, saying only his wife was better.

After the dessert had been served and eaten, I began playing with Julia's pussy, intending to bring her to orgasm.

"Master," she whispered, arching into my hand, "you're going to make me cum in front of all these people?"

"Of course I am," I said. "Slaves are delicious creatures who are subject to the whims of their Master at any time."

******

JULIA

When we'd finished fucking, the other slaves were eager to hear all about it. They dragged us back to the pool Lisa and I were prodded to tell them everything about our Master and the sex we had. Being lesbians, they were interested in whether Lisa and I were allowed to pleasure each other in addition to our Master. We both admitted we had engaged in sapphic love with each other as well as other women. We said neither of us had been with a woman before we'd started our slavery.

"Perhaps we could have sex together before you leave," Zoe said to both of us. "We could go to my room now if you were still interested in sex."

"As a slave, I'm always ready for sex. Last Monday was the first time I can remember going to bed not wanting to fuck some more. It would be up to our Master," I told her. "We're not allowed to orgasm without his permission. Does your Mistress impose restrictions on your orgasms?"

"Not when we're not serving her directly," Zoe said. "Since there are so many of us, we must often seek others for sex since Mistress cannot please us all at once. We're allowed to seek pleasure where we wish when we're not directly serving her. What happened on Monday?"

"We had a Memorial Day barbecue. There were six female slaves and one male slave to serve the other guests. In addition to generally waiting on everyone, each of the slaves was fastened to a bondage device for a half hours sexual use. After eating, we played an erotic dice game where we each had to perform sexually related activities with all the guests with three increasingly brazen sets of dice. The only ones who couldn't use us were our own parents...."

"Your parents know you're serving as sex slaves?" One of the girls asked. I hadn't yet learned her name.

"We told them when we invited them to the barbecue," Lisa said, "in case they didn't want to come when we were serving everyone as sex slaves. When we told them, we found out my parents were swingers and Julia's parents had been in an open marriage for ten years. So they participated in the sex games, though not with us."

"Shit! My parents don't even want to accept I'm a lesbian, let alone submissive. They'd try sending me to some christian reprogramming camp if they ever found out all the details of my life here."

"Did Master Scott's parents participate?" Zoe asked. "They always seemed so straight laced to me."

"They did," I replied. "We found out at the beginning of my slavery they'd played at dominance and submission games when they were younger, though never around their kids."

"Dan and Sandy Rivers played at D/s," Zoe said. "I never would have guessed."

"Master was surprised as well. I had Dan spank my naked ass Monday before they left. I could tell he'd done it before. It was the second hardest I'd ever been spanked."

"Zoe, how do you know Dan and Sandy?" Lisa asked.

"I met them a few times when Master Scott and I dated."

"I keep forgetting you dated him. It's so odd you've stayed in touch," Lisa said.

"Scott was a nice man. I was very fond of him. It was only discovering my own sexual orientation that caused us to break it off. I was happy when he found Julia. I could not have wished for him a nicer person. It's so odd to find we're both submissive."

"I believe it was one of my earlier conversations with you which made me consider what it would be like to be sex slave. I started changing my reading material from typical romance novels to slavery stuff which is what Master caught me reading. At first, I was reluctant to do it, thinking I wouldn't really like it, then as our sex got better just thinking about doing it, I became afraid I wouldn't want to stop. That part was true. I didn't want to stop."

"Did anything else happen at this party?" Another girl asked.

"After several of the guests left, the regular weekly poker game occurred. We normally have one every Thursday, but Master moved it to Monday as he didn't want to share us our last day. A slave serves below the table, orally pleasuring the winners of each hand. We'd lost two of the female slaves by that time, so it was four women and a man. I was surprised three of the players allowed the male slave to suck them. With their winnings from the poker game, they could bid on the services of a slave for an hour. The male's wife didn't allow him to participate. She wanted him to watch her fuck other people. She was very unhappy to find him both submissive and gay leaning. Two of us were sold to a single user for roughly an hour, Lisa and I were sold to a pair of users. I was sold to a pair of twins with very thick pricks. The next hour, it was reversed and Lisa and I were sold to a single user and the other two were sold to two users. I can't tell you how many times I was fucked during the day. I lost track."

"What's it like being sold?" One of the girls asked.

"You must understand, we were sold to people we know and have associated with for several years. Lisa was a player the first week of my slavery. She purchased my services for fifteen minutes after the first game. I'm sure being sold to total strangers would be very scary, but being sold to people we knew was very exciting. I was practically cumming when Master sold me. Every time I've been sold, I've been very aroused by the experience."

"I was too," Lisa said.

"I wonder if we could get Mistress to organize a sale," the second girl said. "I should like to experience what it's like being sold."

"Remember," Zoe said, "if it's truly a sale and not some game we're playing; you could be sold to a Master as well as a Mistress. You might end up having to serve a cock instead of a cunt, nor would it necessarily be like Master Sam trying to make you pregnant; no woman to ease your transition to cock. You would have to surrender yourself fully to the male no matter what he wanted."

"Still, the thought of being sold makes me incredibly horny," the girl replied. "As long as it wasn't for more than a night, I'd do it, as long as it was someone nice like Master Sam and not a sadistic bastard."

We chatted for awhile, and I was beginning to wonder when we were leaving. If we didn't want to be on the road at midnight, we should leave. I was surprised when we were called to dinner and we still hadn't left. I followed Zoe to a large dining room. My goodness, the food smelled fantastic. Master pulled me into his lap and directed Lisa to the seat beside us. The food tasted as great as it smelled. I'm sure both Master and I overate and Lisa was no slouch either.

After having cherries jubilee for dessert, Master began stroking my pussy, just as he did at home when he fed me.

"Master," I whispered, my back arching, my pussy seeking his hand, "you're going to make me cum in front of all these people?"

"Of course I am," he said. "Slaves are delicious creatures who are subject to the whims of their Master at any time."

I moaned loudly, my legs spreading for his fingers, my arms going around his neck and kissing his chest as he finger fucked me. My Master made me cum in front of them, for their viewing pleasure. Once again, I felt like the slutty slave girl seducing the sales clerk, Gwen, or the needy, pathetic slave who enticed Sharon to ease my suffering; all of them strangers to me except for Lisa and Zoe and I felt so wanton, such a slave.

After Master made me orgasm, he told me to suck him off while the others watched me. I wanted to prove to the others I deserved to be a slave like they were, and I knelt on the floor at his feet and released his cock from his pants, inhaling his entire length. Within minutes, Lisa joined me in sucking our Master. Soon, others followed our lead. Marcia and Chantelle took turns sucking their Master and Zoe was buried between her Mistress's thighs, nor was Zoe the only one caressing cunts with her tongue. It turned into a sexual free-for-all and the moans and groans of people reaching completion filled the room. Mistress Brianna was particularly vocal, explicitly detailing everything she wanted Zoe to do to her cunt. It was everything I wanted done to my own now the sex had started.

I was the one sucking Master when he climaxed and I swallowed every drop of his cum, though I let Lisa clean him off after so she could get her own taste.

"Do we need to leave soon, Master?" I asked as the sex gradually died down, with many of the participants eventually seeking the comfort of their beds or another location to continue their activities. Only the slaves assigned to clean up the food and dishes remaining except for Sam and his two slaves, and us.

"We've been invited to spend the night," Master replied, "as Sam's guests. We don't have to leave until tomorrow."

"Speaking of spending the night," Sam said, "follow us and we'll show you where you'll be sleeping tonight."

He got up and putting an arm around each of his slaves, made his way out of the house. Master took our hands, and we followed after.

"Will you be fucking Chantelle, Master?" I asked as we walked.

"Would you care if I did, slave?"

"Not if I were present, sir, and could watch you fuck her. When she came over to you and rubbed her nude body all over you, I was so jealous, Master. I thought she was going to go home with you and you were going to leave me for three weeks, and I died a little inside. But if you want to fuck her, I want to watch. Then I can see what you saw when Jerry fucked me."

"Silly slave. I was never going to leave you here for three weeks," Master said. "You're my wife as well as my slave and you carry our child."

"Master, I'm so relieved. Why did you say you would?" I asked.

"I thought what you loved most about your slavery was being able to fuck other people. Sam, Marcia and Brianna didn't think so. Marcia spoke angrily about a Master letting a slave dictate the terms of her slavery. She said I wasn't a Master if I did. She was punished for speaking so without respect. I helped spank her. Sam proposed a test to see if you wanted to stay here and be fucked the way I thought you wanted to be fucked, or if there was something else driving your desire for submission. I don't think Chantelle even knew what was happening except she was told to play along with anything. Do you think anyone here would want to give up her cooking for three weeks?"

I laughed. "Probably not, sir."

"I don't think we talked enough during your slavery. I assumed, incorrectly as it turns out, you were only interested in experiencing sex with others, including multiple partners, perhaps due to your reading material. I should have asked."

"When you first asked me about my reading preferences, I told you the one featuring the single Master was more my speed, sir. You should have listened."

"I took the numbers of books you read featuring reverse harems as an indicator of where your mind was at. I'm sorry."

"Speculation is an enjoyable pastime, Master, but it's only a pastime. That you would give me to others despite your aversion to doing so is an indication to me of how much you love me and wanted me to experience what you thought was my desire."

They led us to the guest house of the estate, the outside matching the main house, but the inside was different, Southwestern with lots of warm colors, reds, yellows, and oranges. It was very inviting. Master Sam invited us to have a seat and offered us drinks.

"I can make us all margaritas if you wish, or I've got wine or just about any hard liquor you'd care to name."

"Margaritas sound good," Master said. "Thank you."

While Sam mixed frozen margaritas, Master told us Marcia was a deputy sheriff. I looked at her with new eyes, surprised a law enforcement officer was serving as a submissive.

"That doesn't seem to be a profession that lended itself to submission, Marcia. I'm shocked you could be a submissive," I said.

She laughed at my amazement. "You're not the only one, especially if you're new to submission. I actually know an FBI agent who was also a submissive. I admit it does present some issues. It's why I can only do this part time. I need to keep my submissive side partitioned from the rest of my life."

"How did you get into it; the slavery, I mean?" Lisa asked.

"My Master was overweight and it was affecting our sex life. I told him he had to lose 20 pounds before I had sex with him again, and if he lost 40, I'd be his sex slave for two days and it would continue monthly as long as he kept the weight off." I looked at Sam and it didn't look like he had an ounce of extra fat on him. Marcia noticed me looking and laughed again. "Great diet plan, wasn't it. I also agreed to give him an additional day for each extra five pounds he lost as 40 was just the start. I thought the incentive would help him lose the pounds. It turns out we both liked it."

"I'm surprised you like it," I said. "It seems completely opposite of what you'd normally do every day of work."

"It's part of the attraction; I'm sure. Instead of my constantly having to be alert and in control, I surrender those to Sam. He's in control. He decides what we do and when we do it. Coming out of a weekend of slavery is like going on vacation for a week. I'm so relaxed when we're done. The sex helps, of course. Nothing like great sex to relax you. It's a great tension reliever."

"I'm interested in how Master Sam acquired a second slave," Lisa said, "as I'm the third wheel in our relationship."

"Ah, interesting story that," Sam said, bringing us our drinks. "Marcia needed to start law enforcement school here in LA after finding employment while I needed to take care of gutting our old house, cleaning it and going to the closing in Florida. Chantelle had become a mutual sexual playmate during a Caribbean cruise. Marcia asked for Brianna's permission to leave Chantelle with me while she was gone so I wouldn't be lonely."

"Foolish woman that I was," Marcia said. "I should have asked for a lesbian playmate instead of leaving a bisexual with Sam."

"Désolé, Mistress, for falling in love with your husband. Je t'aime," Chantelle said, kissing Marcia. It was a warm kiss. If it had caused problems, they weren't evident now. Their kiss broke and Marcia pulled Chantelle against her, idly stroking her breasts.

"They were sleeping together for three weeks or so, along with another bisexual slave," Marcia continued, "though Master didn't add her to his menagerie except to teach her how to properly suck cock. Master, being the charming dog that he is, was lovable enough Chantelle fell in love with him. Enough to realize she was willing to surrender her slavery to Brianna and willing to risk my anger in submitting to my husband instead. Bad enough she fell in love with him, he managed to fall in love with her as well, though he says he still loves me, despite loving this gorgeous creature."

"What Mistress always forgets to say when she tells this story, is that I love her, too," Chantelle said. "She is the yin to Master's yang, making my life complete and in balance." They kissed again. Definitely no issues there.

"Why do you call her Mistress instead of Marcia?" I asked.

"Because she is always my Mistress. I consider her such for sharing her husband with me. Marcia is my safe word. Mistress is what she is." I nodded in understanding.

"How does that work?" Master asked. "Is there any jealousy, any conflict arising as a result of this ménage à trois?"

"More so at the beginning," Marcia replied. "I was initially upset with Chantelle for falling in love with Master and more so with him returning her love. I felt betrayed, certainly. I demanded three days per week where I was exclusive to him, no fucking anyone else. I also demanded to be the number one slave. He could have no slaves more important to him than me, plus Chantelle had to obey my every order as if it came from Master's lips. As I've gotten more comfortable with our situation, I only require one exclusive day to myself. The rest of the time we're together as one. For whatever reason, it works. I think because we all truly love one another."

"Do you consider yourself bisexual," I asked.

"I never used to before Chantelle joined our triumvirate," Marcia replied. "Perhaps I'm more bisexual than I thought I was. If something happened to Sam, I would be devastated, but I would probably seek out another man. I enjoy men and I enjoy my submission to a man. On the other hand, it's hard to imagine my life without Chantelle in it anymore. There's certainly more of an emotional connection than I ever expected to have with a woman. Perhaps it's more I quit resisting an emotional connection. Perhaps it's because you can't avoid caring for those you're so intimate with all the time. Perhaps it's just Chantelle, who's eminently lovable. I quit trying to label it, and simply accept whatever it is. What about yourself? How did you and Lisa end up serving as slaves together?"

"Lisa's been my best friend since we moved next door to them. We exercised together, went shopping together. Her husband divorced her for no earthly reason we could understand. I talked to her constantly about my slavery and how much I was enjoying it. She was the first person who purchased my services when Master sold them. The day after she purchased me, she asked if she could submit to Scott as I was. I thought about it and finally agreed. I figured if Master was willing to share me with others for the sake of my fantasy, he should enjoy the benefits of another female slave to care for him."

"Had you ever experimented with bondage or women before?" Sam asked Lisa.

"No, never."

"What compelled you?"

"I've always liked both Julia and Scott. They got me through my divorce. They're both kind, caring people. I've always admired the way Scott looked after and treated Julia. Julia told me about her experiences and how much she loved her slavery. Then I saw how she responded to her slavery during the poker game, and I thought I wanted my life to be like hers. I didn't want anyone as a Master though. I wanted Scott. I already knew and trusted him; loved him as a close friend if not more. I asked Julia if she'd allow it or I'd never speak of it again. She accepted. Scott wouldn't accept my submission at first. He knew I never fantasized about slavery or read slavery novels as Julia did and he wanted to make sure I truly understood the nature of my slavery and not merely using it as an opportunity to fuck the neighbor. He sent me to a dominatrix for a day to ensure I understood the significance of my slavery before he accepted my submission."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
"Do either of you consider yourselves to be bisexual," Marcia asked.

I looked at Lisa. "I don't think so," I replied. "At least not before speaking to you just now. I definitely prefer cocks sexually, but a slave has needs and it really doesn't matter if it's a male or female satisfying those needs, as long as they're met. On the other hand, I've always had an emotional connection to Lisa as my friend. Certainly, sharing our Master and a bed has done nothing to reduce my emotional connection to her. I don't have the same connection to any of the other females I've pleasured, but I definitely have one with her. Listening to you speak about Chantelle, I guess I feel much the same as you do. It's hard to imagine my life anymore without her in it."

Lisa smiled at me and held my hand. "What she said," Lisa added. "I've never felt the emotional and sexual connection to others as much as I have to Scott and Julia. It's stronger than my marriage was."

"Julia, what exactly do you feel about Scott?" Sam asked.

"In addition to being my husband, I consider him my natural Master. He makes me happy in ways I've never been happy before and never expected. Despite his misreading my true desires; the very fact he would attempt to grant me what he thought was my fantasy was very romantic. I know now how truly much he loves me."

"And you understand he does not want to share you with other men again and intends to keep his slave only for himself?" Sam asked.

"I do not need to be shared with anyone else. I'm perfectly content to serve him only. He's my Master and I belong to him, body and soul."

Master took me on his lap and kissed me. I melted into his arms, not caring if anyone saw how much I loved and needed him.

"At least for awhile," Sam said, "you might not want to wear your collar nor be nude in front of others who fucked you. My little slave and I have learned the hard way how difficult it is to avoid sex with other people once you've crossed the line."

"I shall behave in whatever manner my Master deems appropriate," I said. "Who I have sex with will always be up to him and never myself."

"How about your other slave, Scott? She's not your wife. Do you intend to share her with anyone else?" Sam asked.

"Fuck no!" Master exclaimed. "No one else but my other slave."

I saw how quickly Lisa smiled at this piece of news. It seemed Master cared for her more than as another piece of meat he could pass around.

"Does that include other women for both of your slaves?"

Master thought for awhile before answering. "I would consider letting them fuck other women. It's possible. It depends on the circumstances, but there are other slaves who I might consider letting them spend time with; ones they've been with previously, certainly. If I need to send them for further slave training, I might also let them fuck Mistress Dark, the dominatrix who initially trained them."

"Lisa, do you care if your Master chooses to keep you to himself and share you with no one but his other slave or select other women?" Sam asked.

"As long as he's willing to be my Master, I do not care what conditions he chooses to impose on me."

"One last question for both the slaves," Sam said. "What of your Master? Who may he fuck? Be honest. He's not just your Master, Julia, he's your husband."

I looked at Lisa and she shrugged her shoulders. He definitely was my husband in addition to my Master. When I was fucking other people, I'd let him fuck other slaves. We'd both be fucking Lisa now, and he possibly intended to share us with Rose, Slut or Reneé. They were the other slaves we'd been with, plus Gwen, but I didn't expect she'd be serving as a slave anymore.

"During my slavery, Master was able to fuck other slaves. He didn't fuck non-slaves though he had opportunity to. It would be my preference as his wife that continue as is. I would also prefer he not fuck any slave whom Lisa and I are not also fucking, sir. If anyone is good enough for us, they should also be good enough for him. My preferences being stated, I do not demand he limit himself to only those he allows us to fuck. I do not believe I, as a slave, should impose upon the desires of my Master. He may have reasons to do so which might serve to impose lessons or discipline on his two slaves. I trust Master to do what's best for his slaves."

Master hugged and kissed me some more. I wanted to fuck him again; to feel him fill my wet slave pussy or ass and own me.

"Lisa, do you agree with Julia's decision?" Sam asked.

"I am so thankful to be included in Julia's fantasy; I'm willing to abide by whatever they both feel is appropriate for their marriage."

Sam, Marcia and Chantelle looked at each other. It looked like they were reading each other's minds, they were so close.

Chantelle was the one who spoke. "You've decided what limits Monsieur and slave should abide by. If you're truly going to do this thing, the slaves need to consider what limits they should impose on each other. One of you is Scott's wife. Julia, are there any limitations you feel should be imposed on Lisa as a non-wife?"

"What do you mean?" I asked. "What kind of limitations?"

"You're about to have a child, Julia. I'm assuming Lisa will be part of your household as you raise your children. What part do you see Lisa playing in the child rearing? Will she be allowed to discipline the children as you and your Monsieur do? Will she be looked upon as a second mother or as a beloved servant or aunt, or just another woman who lives in the house, a glorified babysitter?"

All three of us looked at one another.

"Another point of consideration," Marcia said, "is children. As a slave, Lisa will not have opportunities to date, or marry anyone. Does she want children? Are you both okay with her having children? I can't have children for my husband, but Chantelle can. If and when Chantelle has children, they will be considered our children, not hers. These are questions you need to answer for this arrangement to work. Right now, you're only thinking of yourselves, but this is a decision affecting not just yourselves, but your parents and children."

"Do you want children, Lisa?" I asked.

"I wanted them when I was married," she replied. "I assumed it would be in any discussion I had with anyone I seriously looked at as husband material. I haven't thought about it since this began, but yes, I think I would like children."

"You don't have to answer all the questions now," Sam said. "But you do have to think long term. You've already determined you want to keep the arrangement, but that doesn't mean for six months or a year unless you want it to be. It means five years, ten years, fifty years. Are you familiar with William Marston?"

"He's the creator of the comic book 'Wonder Woman' isn't he?" Master asked.

"Yes, he was a psychologist, a Harvard professor," Sam said, "and proponent of what he called the DISC theory of psychology, which placed Dominance and Submission as two parts of his theory. Inducement and Compliance are the others. He believed submission to a loving source was beneficial and should be conformed to, that any form of bondage had erotic underpinnings, and he truly believed bondage should be part of a loving relationship. Whether or not you believe his psychological theories is immaterial. The only reason I mention him is that apparently, he and his wife, Elizabeth, lived in an polyamorous relationship with a former student, Olive Byrne, well before society was even willing to consider such relationships as possible. He died before the age of 54, but his wife and lover lived together for a long time after his death.

"They both had children by him, though they never spoke of their sex life together, so it's unknown if all three shared a bed, or if the two women were lovers after his death, but it's what I mean by long term. They raised their children together, the two women continuing to do so after he died. Answers to these questions are going to form decisions affecting many different aspects of your life from now on, and you need to consider the implications of any choices not just for now, but years from now. It's why you need to think long term. Whatever you decide about children are going to affect you and your slaves for years. Your relationship is not solely about sex. It's about everything you care about."

Master looked at both of us. "It appears we have a great many things to talk about."

"Fertile conversation for our trip back, Master," I said.

"I was definitely thinking in the now, Master," Lisa said. "I never considered the implications of my decision to submit past today, really."

"Do you want to change your mind?" Master asked.

"Not right now, but it is something we need to discuss soon, sir."

"My suggestion to you all," Marcia said, "is to write down everything you hope to enjoy and gain by this relationship with one another. Write down the problems you anticipate. Don't confer with each other, but list what 'you' want. Answer for yourself what you're looking for, next week, next year, five years, ten years, even old fucking age. When you've done that, then meet together, go over your lists, and decide what everyone can live with and live without. Adding a third person to the marriage mix introduces a whole lot more compromises than just two people do. I had to compromise hell out of my life when my Master and Chantelle fell in love. To a certain extent, we all had to compromise. Initially, I demanded three days a week for myself where I was Master's alone. That was a compromise for both Chantelle and Master. I think, to a certain extent, myself and Chantelle both being submissive helped. If we were all dominants, our relationship wouldn't work. Chantelle coming from a submissive relationship to Brianna helped. She was willing to accept some aspects of dominance from me when I'm not in slave mode, or even as head slave. Certainly, caring deeply for one another has been a godsend. It's made us more willing to accept compromise."

"A very wise suggestion," Master said.

"One other item for consideration," Master Sam said. "It doesn't sound as if any of you had a clear understanding of what the others were looking for when you started this or even when it ended. Julia and Lisa were enjoying their slavery, but Scott imagined it was the sex they loved, not their submission. He possibly should have asked, but the slave can tell without being asked. Scott recognized he didn't want to share his wife past three weeks, and apparently, his slaves didn't recognize that was his primary, if not only, objection to remaining their Master. There was a critical lack of communication between all parties. Regardless of what you decide to do about the future, it's not set in concrete. Things change. Goals change. Feelings change. It's important to keep the dialogue open. When something stops working, you have to speak up. Things may require adjustment tomorrow, let alone next year. Don't let your lists be the end all of your conversations. It has to keep working for everyone, or it's not working for anyone."

"I agree, sir," I said. "We failed the communication test badly."

"Maybe not a critical failure if you're playing for three weeks, but if you want to keep this up, it would be," Marcia said.

"Thank you, everyone for your suggestions," Master said. "I think you've been very helpful."

"Marcia, Chantelle," I said. "Would you be offended if I examined your slave jewelry more closely? One of the reasons I wanted to come today was to look at possible jewelry for myself. If I'm to continue as a slave, I'm very interested in slave jewelry."

"Not at all," she replied.

"My beautiful slaves, why don't you put on all of your regalia and give her the full effect," Sam said.

"Of course, Monsieur." "Right away, Master."

Marcia and Chantelle disappeared into their bedroom. Sam made us another drink. In about five minutes, they both returned.

"Fan-fucking-tastic," Master said, seeing them first.

I agreed whole heartedly. Both women were so beautiful and their jewelry did everything to complement their beauty. Chantelle had a gold colored metal collar. I could not imagine the whole thing would be gold. From the loop at the front of the necklace, chains went to each of her nipples and fastened to hoops in each one. Miniature gold handcuffs descended from each of her nipples. She had collar matching gold bracelets on each wrist. She had a belly button piercing with miniature gold handcuff's suspended from it. Chantelle had a labial piercing with three dangling medallions which chimed as she walked like a wind chime. There was writing on one I couldn't read from where I was sitting in Master's arms on the couch.

Marcia had a gold slide collar with chains leading to gold bracelets on each wrist. It definitely looked gold. The bracelets on her wrists were called slave bracelets because chains led to a gold rings on her hands on her ring fingers. She had golden bells fastened to hoops on each of her nipples with diamonds on the canons of the bell. She also had a labial piercing with medallions and another gold bell and diamond. The bells chimed as she walked, even more than the tinkling of Chantelle's labia medallions.

"May I look closer, Marcia?" I asked, intrigued.

"I'd like to look closer as well," Master said.

Sam said he had no objection and even Lisa moved closer to the two naked and adorned slaves. I could smell their arousal as we got close. I could see dew glistening on each of their cunts. Slaves are such needy creatures.

"Why the bells, Master Sam?" I asked, fingering the bell depending from Marcia's right nipple.

"The first time Marcia submitted to me was at Christmas. I'd just finished losing my first forty pounds. She didn't have nipple piercings then, but I had fake piercings, bells that fasten with nylon line around the nipple. They rang every time she moved. She told me at the end of her two days of slavery she would probably get wet every time she heard bells chiming from then on, so I had these made."

I looked closer at the jewelry hanging below her pudendum. One of the medallions read, 'Sam's Slave'. I touched it, noticed how it was fastened to a smaller hoop through the outer labia. If anything, she was getting wetter as we observed her. Marcia had mentioned she was an exhibitionist. It was becoming obvious to me.

"I love the piercings, Marcia. Who did them for you?" I commented.

"Brianna, at the BDSM show."

"Could she do these for me here?" I asked. "I would love to wear something identifying me as belonging to my Master.

"She could," Marcia replied. "All kinds of piercings; nipple, clitoral hood, labial, belly button. You name it, they probably pierce it. If you're considering piercings, you might want to speak to Monique and some of the other women who've had children about the effect of piercings on breast feeding and baby delivery. I'm sure they had to remove any vaginal piercings to deliver the babies and the nipple piercings for breast feeding."

"I'm assuming you don't wear these while working as a deputy?" Master asked.

"I remove all signs of slavery when working; going for simple bars or hoops in my nipples and the small hoop in my labia. Not feeling the collar around my neck is usually enough to remind me I'm not in slave mode. Having these things hanging between my legs is a constant reminder of my slavery."

"Is she wet now?" Sam asked. "She touched you, Lisa. Go ahead and feel her up."

Lisa slid her finger through Marcia's slit. Marcia moaned. Lisa's finger came out very wet. "She's a hot slave slut bitch, Master Sam," remembering what Marcia said about her.

"Julia, touch Chantelle's cunt. It should be just as wet. Wearing slave jewelry is usually a prelude to some great fucking."

Recalling Chantelle rubbing her beautiful black naked body against my Master while kissing him, I not only tested her for wetness, I shoved two fingers up her cunt, making her gasp and cum. I kept finger fucking her until her orgasm passed.

"She just climaxed, Master Sam, in case you care about such things."

Sam laughed. "Indeed I do. She should know better. I don't think she was quite prepared for your surprise invasion. Would you like to spank her? She gets fifty for cumming without permission."

"May I, Master," I asked.

"Be my guest," Master said. "You should probably learn to punish disobedient slaves as Lisa has. Remember, if it's not sufficiently rigorous, I will spank you the same number."

I whispered in Chantelle's ear so softly no one else could hear, "I want to spank you for rubbing your spectacular nude body against my Master while kissing him this afternoon."

Chantelle smiled at me and whispered back, "Spank me hard then, because if I get the chance, I'll do it again. Your Master is very handsome."

I laughed. Aloud I said, "Yes, my Master is very handsome and you're welcome to rub yourself against him any time your Master and mine allow it."

Everyone laughed, realizing the nature of our conversation. "Over my knees, please, Chantelle. Lisa, please count for me."

I sat down and Chantelle got over my knees. You could tell she'd done this often. Her bottom was so firm and muscular. I began spanking her while Lisa counted, and I realized my hand might soon hurt as much as her ass did. Goodness, her ass was tight. I was at around thirty when she asked permission to cum.

"Would you allow her to cum, Julia?" Sam asked.

"No, Master Sam. I want her to wait. But I'd like permission from both Masters to make her cum when her spanking is over."

"I have no objection," Sam said.

"I have none either, slave," Master said.

I immediately slowed the pace of my spanking, making Chantelle writhe on my lap, desperate to orgasm.

"Do you need to cum, slave?" I asked her.

"Oui, Mistress," she said, panting. "Please let me cum." Her bottom was arching into my hand.

"I'm no Mistress. I'm a pathetic slave girl like yourself who craves to cum at a Master's touch. I too can orgasm when I'm spanked by my Master. You love being a slave don't you, just like me?"

"Oui," she whimpered. "I love being a slave. I am a slave."

"Your Master is very lucky to have you, a delicious slave such as yourself. You're so fuckable, I want to fuck you myself."

"Fuck me, please. Just let me cum."

"I don't have permission to fuck you. I'm a slave. My orgasms don't belong to me any more than they belong to you."

Lisa's count had reached 49 and I stopped there, Chantelle squirming over my knees, begging to cum. This is what I was. A cum hungry slave begging my Master to orgasm. Not being allowed to climax worse than fifty swats to one's ass.

"Please, Julia," she moaned. "Let me cum."

I took pity on this beautiful slave, so like me. I gave her the final swat and shoved three fingers up her cunt with the order to cum. She sobbed and her pussy contracted, squeezing my fingers so tightly. Master Sam must love fucking her. Her orgasm eventually died and I fed her my fingers, slick with her cum. When she finished I kissed her, tasting her on her lips.

Both men were hard, turned on by my spanking of Chantelle's beautiful ass. Sam's cock was visible as he was naked. He had a nice, large cock, equivalent to Master's. Master's was a large bulge within his pants as he hadn't gotten into the spirit of this place yet and still had on the clothes he wore here. Chantelle was still panting, slowly recovering from her orgasm.

"Thank you, Master Sam," I said. "Your slave is so beautiful and as needy as I am. No wonder you fell in love with her. I think you have two magnificent slaves. Should you ever want to share either of them with my Master, I would love watching him fuck them."

"I'm as reluctant to share slaves as your Master is, slave. You did that quite well. Are you sure you're not a dominant, or at least a switch?" Sam asked.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 6|
--------------------------------------------
"Quite sure, Master Sam. But I do understand slave psychology. There is no one more slave than I am, but knowing myself, I understand other slaves as well. When a friend of ours wanted to learn to be a Mistress, Mistress Dark took her for two days. The first day she had to spend as a slave. It wasn't until the second day she learned about being a dominant. I think she was wise to do so."

"I met someone like you at the BDSM convention I attended in Las Vegas with Marcia. A slave girl that won a contest making Marcia cum. Do you remember, Marcia?"

"Very much, Master. I'm unlikely to ever forget Alicia."

"What was so special about Alicia?" Master asked.

"Like your slave with Chantelle just now, she knew how to engage the brain in the sex act. It's no longer just physical sensations, it's how you experience them in your head and what you think about the physical sensations. Very potent stuff. I don't know about you, but I'd like to retire now," Sam said. "I desperately need to fuck my slaves."

I was not surprised, Sam's cock was rigidly hard, and leaking precum. Master was hard too. I wanted to feel him in me.

"This slave would very much love to be fucked, Master," I said. "Master Sam has the right idea. I think bed is a wonderful idea. Come on, Lisa. Let's see if we can get Master to cum more than he did this afternoon."

"Chantelle," Master Sam said, "please show our guests to their room. Return quickly so you can pleasure your Mistress while I fuck her."

"Oui, Monsieur," she replied.

Chantelle brought us to our room.

"Monsieur has two master suites and two master baths. I know you weren't prepared to spend the night, but we have some items for our guests to use. They're in this closet." She opened the door showing us small personal sized items of bathroom items. "Please use anything you require. I look forward to spending more time with you tomorrow. Bonne nuit, Monsieur Scott, Julia and Lisa."

I kissed her again, and she kissed me, thanking me for her orgasm. Chantelle left and we looked around. It was a full sized bedroom suite, approximately the same size as our bedroom. The bathroom was also large. Lisa and I got into the shower while Master undressed. We grabbed toothbrushes and a small tube of toothpaste from the closet and brushed while Master showered. Lisa and I climbed into bed, kissing and petting one another, waiting for Master to join us.

Master came to bed, slightly damp and sweet smelling. Lisa attacked his cock and I sucked his balls until Master chose to fuck Lisa. I watched my Master fuck my friend, his cock sliding back and forth in her steamy cunt. Lisa climaxed three times before Master's cock flexed multiple times, accompanied by his impassioned groans, spewing his essence deep in her cunt. Lisa mewled as she felt him pulse inside her. He pulled out, his cock shrinking.

I shoved his cock in my mouth, not only cleaning him off, but striving for another erection. After all, I wanted to be fucked too. I was once again a needy slave, collared by my true Master. Content in my slavery, but craving my Master own me and make me his once more. Master did not disappoint. I was able to get him hard and while I sucked his cum out of Lisa, he pounded my pussy to four orgasms. Sometimes waiting was its own reward.

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 22|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-22|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<em>Our three protagonists spend part of another day at Brianna's, learning more about what might constitute a proper slavery. Julia and her Master enter a pair of contests with Sam and Marcia and lose both. This chapter contains scenes of sexual intercourse, oral sex, lesbian sex, and spanking. As with other chapters, STD's are not really a problem in this fantasy.</em> 

<strong>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 22 - Making Plans</strong> 

SCOTT 

I woke up on Sunday morning, two naked slaves on either side of me, sleeping soundly. So, I suddenly had two slaves again. I can't say I was disappointed, as long as I didn't have to share them any more. It was my fault for confusing Julia's reading material with what she actually wanted. To think part of the reason she'd so enjoyed sex with the men I put her with was because I'd given her to them. Doing so had allowed her to enjoy them freely. 

It was clear we had a lot we had to decide and do when we got home. I was thankful we'd come here and some sense had finally been knocked into me. Sam was a lot like myself, thinking much the same as I did. Having two gorgeous slaves who he loved and wanted for himself. He wasn't afraid to share them with women but unwilling to share with other men. 

Naturally, waking up between two lovely naked slaves, led to some great morning wood. I was facing Julia, so by partially lifting one leg and placing it over my hip, I was able to slide into her from behind. Even asleep, her cunt was naturally lubricated for sex. I slid right in, and she sighed and pushed against me, encouraging me deeper. 

"My Master," she whispered. "I love you so much. So nice to call you 'My Master' again." 

"Shhh," I said. "Lisa is still asleep." 

Julia widened her leg, giving me more room without another word, and I slowly fucked her, moving in and out of her slick sheath. Julia began making soft little whimpers. She tapped my leg twice to let me know she needed to cum. I tapped hers twice to let her know she could. Sighing softly, she climaxed, my prick squeezed in her pussy, suddenly wetter. 

I felt Lisa stirring behind me. 

"Starting without me, Master. For shame," she whispered in my ear. 

Lisa kissed her way down my spine, licked her way through my crack and sucked my balls, taking each one individually into her mouth and rolling it on her tongue. Heavenly! 

Five minutes later, Julia asked for permission to cum again. She didn't whisper as she knew Lisa was awake. 

"Not yet, my love. I want you to wait for me." 

"Please hurry, Master. Your slave won't last long." 

With Lisa sucking my balls, neither would I. Another minute and I started to pump my cream into her cunt, my prick pulsing with each jet of fluid, encouraged by Lisa's tongue lapping up the base of my stalk. 

"Cum, slave," I groaned, and she tightened around me, her cunt contracting as waves of pleasure washed through her, milking my release. 

I'd barely stopped spurting when Lisa had her lips wrapped around my prick, striving to keep me erect for her. 

"I'm going to die from fucking, aren't I?" I groaned. 

"Probably, Master," Julia replied, kissing me. "What a way to go, though." 

Damned if Lisa didn't do it; keep me from shrinking. She didn't wait for me to get behind her, but pushed me on my back and mounted me. Julia climbed over my face and I licked our cum from her cunt. Both of them climaxed three times before I shot another load into Lisa, groaning. Julia licked the cum off my cock before attacking Lisa's cunt and licking her clean as well, no one wanting to soil Sam's sheets. I was feeling fucked out again. It was a good feeling to have. 

I decided not to bother dressing this morning, not until it was time to go. We cleaned up and went into the living room, looking for the others. Sam and Marcia were there. She was still in her full slave regalia, mounted on Sam's cock, sliding up and down his pole, her lubrication making his prick glisten in the morning light, the bells chiming as she moved. 

"A couple more minutes," he panted, "and we'll be right with you." 

"No rush, Master Sam," Julia said. "A Master should enjoy his slaves in the morning. Ours did." 

"We heard you," Marcia moaned. "It's kind of what precipitated this." 

"Cum with me, little slave," Sam said, his cock flexing in her cunt, pumping his seed deep inside her. 

"Yes, Master, yes," she breathed, panting hard, her asshole winking at us as her pleasure crested, shivering as she clutched herself to him. 

"Master," Julia whispered, squeezing my hand, "should we offer to clean Sam's cum from his slave?" 

It didn't take me long to consider. Watching Lisa and Julia lick the cum from Marcia's pussy would be an enjoyable aside to the morning. "You can offer," I whispered in reply. 

Sam's throbbing thrusts ended and Marcia dropped to her knees, like a good slave should, and started cleaning his cock, thick with their spend. In no time, only her saliva covered his shaft. 

"Master Sam," Julia asked, "Lisa and I would be pleased to clean your slave in return for your hospitality." 

"Master?" Marcia questioned. 

"Go ahead," Sam said. 

Marcia sat on the edge of the leather couch with her bottom hanging over the edge. Lisa and Julia knelt in front of her, taking turns lapping her clean. 

Marcia moaned throatily. "Master, your slave requests permission to cum again." 

Sam thumbed a plump, taut nipple and gave her permission to cum. Her orgasmic pulsing pushing more of his cream out of her cunt and my two slaves lapped all of it up. Damned if I didn't feel my prick stir again. 

"Where's Chantelle?" I asked. "I'm surprised she's not partaking of her Master again." 

"Working on breakfast at the main house," Sam said, stroking Marcia's breasts as she shivered through her lengthy orgasm. "We'll take you to the dining room as soon as everyone's ready." 

Marcia's cunt glistened when my slaves finished. So did their faces. Marcia thanked them for her pleasure. 

I kissed each of them after, tasting Marcia secondhand. "Don't wipe your faces," I ordered. "Let everyone see what delicious sluts you are." 

They nodded in response. 

"Do you ever eat food here?" I asked. 

"Infrequently. Our kitchen and dining nook are small as a consequence. We'll occasionally prepare a late breakfast or snacks, but most of our meals are consumed there. I should pay something for the food we consume, but Brianna pays for everything in return for Chantelle's services. There's another cook as well, but she mostly helps at this point. Chantelle does most of the meal planning. Brianna didn't even realize what a treasure she was in the kitchen until we took a cruise together and Chantelle cooked for everyone on the boat." 

Sam took Marcia's hand and they led us back to the dining room. We followed. 

He continued, "As you saw last night, the dining room doesn't really hold everyone so we tend to eat almost in shifts. The early risers will be the first to eat, usually around 7:30, then people straggle in at various times until about 9:30. If you haven't eaten by then, you're snacking until lunch starts at 11:30. Lunch lasts for a couple hours as well. Supper starts around 5:30, but it's more condensed. Everyone is expected to be done by 7:00 so the evening's pool party can start. Party isn't exactly the word. Let's say socializing. Normally, the food is prepared so people can eat when they want. Lots of salads, fruit or other items that won't spoil if left out with proper care, almost like a buffet. Today, Chantelle is working the kitchen to give everyone a hot meal. You'll love it. 

"On Sunday evenings, there's a group meeting they started about ten months ago, a few months after Brianna had the twins and they started to expand their custom work. The slaves weren't getting as much attention as they were accustomed to receiving from their Mistress, and it was difficult until everyone adjusted to the new realities. The meetings were started to air grievances, praise people, give everyone feedback on how they were doing. It's worked out well. Communication has really helped everyone adjust." 

We got to the dining room and there were maybe a half dozen people there. There was a beautiful oriental woman breast feeding what appeared to be a two month old child. There were several other children in high chairs being fed, including Brianna's two, John and Sarah. Sam and Marcia stopped by each child, kissing a messy face or patting a tousled head. They both stopped by the oriental's chair. 

"Riyuki," Sam said, "this is Scott and his two slaves, Julia and Lisa. You didn't meet them yesterday because you were busy. Scott, this is Riyuki, and the little rascal eating breakfast is Hideko. Hideko was a little under the weather yesterday, but seems to be doing better today. Riyuki is our newest mother, at least until Zoe and Dorinda have theirs." 

"You're baby is beautiful, Riyuki," Julia said. "What is the meaning of Hideko in Japanese?" 

"Splendid child," Riyuki answered. "She really is, too. She's such a little angel." 

"Julia is pregnant as well, Riyuki," Marcia said, "due a little after Zoe is." 

"How wonderful, Julia. You must come again after the baby is born so we may all meet your little one." 

"I'm sure my Master will enjoy coming again. There are so many beautiful women here," Julia looked at me as she said it, reading my mind. 

"Have a seat," Sam said. "Chantelle will bring your food in a few minutes. There's orange juice and grapefruit juice in the pitchers on the sideboard." 

I sat down with Lisa in my lap while Julia got us all orange juice. She sat down beside me after getting our juice. Chantelle came in a few minutes later with three plates for us. It smelled amazing. She set two plates in front of me. 

"What is this, Chantelle?" I asked. 

"Red potatoes, green and red peppers, onions, scallions, chorizo sausage and ham, mixed together, cooked, sprinkled with cheddar cheese with a fried egg on top. It sounded last night as if you'd be hungry this morning, Monsieur." 

I laughed. "I was trying not to be so obvious." 

"Don't worry, Monsieur. It was not you so much you as your slaves who's moans and whimpers roused us. A Master should take advantage of his lovely slaves. It inspired our own Monsieur to considerably greater efforts last night just listening to yours. Marcia and I enjoyed his attentions as a result." 

Marcia and Sam laughed. "And again this morning, Chantelle. It's too bad you had to work on breakfast this morning," Marcia said. "Nothing like some male competition to get Master's juices flowing." 

Chantelle kissed Julia when setting her plate in front of her, just a brief brush on her cheek, then disappeared in the kitchen again. She returned with plates for Marcia and Sam. "Je t'aime, Mistress. Je t'aime, Monsieur," kissing them thoroughly on the lips as she set their food down, before kneeling at her Master's side. 

We started to eat, me feeding Lisa as I ate my own, interspersed with the usual assortment of kisses and caresses. Lisa responded much as Julia had last night, flaunting her slave sexuality, eventually cumming on my fingers as I caressed her cunt, then sucking my fingers clean. The breakfast didn't end as the evening meal did, with a mini-orgy. Lisa was the only one to cum, whimpering softly as she squirmed on my lap. 

"You mentioned some pictures you had from Marcia's only modeling assignment, Sam," I said when the meal was done. 

"Yes, I did. I didn't bring my iPad, so let me get it, and we'll have a seat on the couch in the living room." 

Sam disappeared and Chantelle and Marcia led me to a large couch in Brianna's house. They put me in the middle of the couch and Julia sat in my lap and with a space between us for Sam, Lisa on the other side. Marcia and Chantelle knelt down on cushions on the floor and we chatted while we waited. We heard a little about how Chantelle and Marcia met and the cruise that followed. We heard how Sam pretended to be Chantelle's boyfriend to keep her parents from finding out she was Brianna's lover and Marcia pretended to be another person's girlfriend. 

"Maman quickly learned Monsieur was a fraud because he couldn't take his eyes off Marcia. She kept the secret from Papa so we wouldn't fight during our visit." 

"The funny part is she's just as good as married to Master now," Marcia said. "Of course it didn't go over well with them he was already married. Her father was quite upset his daughter chose to attach herself to a married man. He doesn't really understand our relationship and if you met him and Chantelle's many brothers, you would quickly realize this is not a man you would ever wish to cross. Her mother understands our relationship better, and I wonder if she didn't have an amour with a woman when she was younger. We've never told them Chantelle is a submissive. If he knew Sam struck her, for any reason, not even in anger, we're unsure what he would do." 

"My papa is old fashioned. To the best of my knowledge, he's never struck Maman, but if ever had, Maman might have stabbed him. The only way he accepted my relationship with Monsieur is because he realized Monsieur could give him grandchildren, whereas, I'd never have them if I'd remained with Brianna, unless it was the same way as Zoe and the others have. Since Mistress accepts our relationship, he's willing to give it a chance. I think Papa believes I'm a woman on the side who the wife accepts, which is very French. I'm unsure he knows we share our love together, even though after the cruise, Maman eventually told him I was in a lesbian relationship with Brianna." 

Sam had come back with his iPad and he stood listening to our conversation with a big smile on his face. 

"What about the guy you pretended to be the girlfriend of? What was his name and what happened to him?" Julia asked. 

"We don't speak his name," Sam said. "He's someone who you'd recognize. He's famous. We respect his privacy and won't divulge who he was. We remain good friends with them. He is one of the very few men Marcia has been with." 

"You mentioned you had a hall pass list," I said. "Do you still have one?" 

"No," Sam said. "It was a joke to us when we developed the list because we lived in an area where we were unlikely to meet any of the people on the list. Once we came out here and actually met some, reality started to impinge on the fantasy. We decided to do away with hall passes, or we might as well say we're free to fuck anyone we want. Obviously, we're not as comfortable with reality as it was as a fantasy. I'm sure you understand." 

"Oh, yes," I said. "Fantasies can get you into trouble if you follow them to their conclusion." 

Lisa moved over a little to give Sam more room and he sat between us. He opened his photo app and went back almost three years to July. He found the pictures he was looking for and opened the first photo. There were pictures of Marcia taken from a distance, then getting closer and closer to her until only individual jewelry pieces were visible adorning her naked body. Gold and red, gold and black and silver and black, all of them spectacular. I'd never seen the like before. Marcia was a beautiful woman even without make-up and her hair styled. Seeing her with those things was amazing. I couldn't help myself. My cock began to get hard, which being under Julia, she noticed immediately. 

"She is absolutely stunning, isn't she, Master?" Julia said. 

"Gorgeous," I admitted. 

"These two pieces are sitting in Jack Nicholson's house," Sam said, showing a picture of Marcia in a gold torso and girdle piece. "The head mask was sold to someone else. But we have a reproduction of it which she received for participating in the auction." 

Sam went through all of the pictures, by which time my prick was hard as a poker. 

"Would you like me to take care of your erection, Master," Julia asked, my shaft prodding her nether regions. 

"Would you mind?" I asked the others. 

"Not at all," Sam said, the opinions of slaves being of little consequence. "I told you I had the same problem every time I see these pictures." Indeed, his cock seemed as rigidly hard as mine. "How about a little contest?" 

"What kind of contest?" I asked. 

"We both seem to have sexually responsive slaves," Sam said. 

"You're not suggesting a test to see who cums faster," I said. "It's likely Julia will cum as soon as I enter her." 

"No, the opposite," he replied. "We need to make it harder for the slave. Who can hold out the longest. In fact, let's make it a double contest. Whichever slave holds out the longest is one contest and then once the winner of that contest is determined, whichever slave cums the most frequently in ten minutes once the orgasms start will be the next contest. That's assuming you can hold out for ten minutes yourself. If not, we can do some lesser amount of time." 

"I've climaxed twice this morning. I should be good for ten more minutes after the first contest is decided," I replied. "What are you suggesting as the prizes for each of the contests?" I wondered if he wanted to claim fucking rights, which I would be opposed to, or something else. 

"For the first contest, whichever slave is able to hold out longest, her Master may give the losing slave a spanking of thirty swats. For the second contest, the slave with the fewest orgasms in ten minutes will lick the winner's cunt, cleaning it of all the cum." 

I thought about Sam's terms. I'd spanked Marcia's bottom yesterday when she'd insulted me. Thirty swats that time and I wouldn't mind laying my hands on her ass for an additional thirty if it came to that. Nor was I averse to giving Sam the same to my wife if she lost. Fair was fair and a spanking wasn't fucking. Watching one beautiful woman pleasure another wasn't something I objected to either. I didn't mind Julia paying the debt for either of the contests. 

"It sounds as though we have two contests," I said. 

"We'll have to trust the slaves to be honest about their orgasms, but I believe both slaves to be trustworthy," Sam said. 

"My slave will be honest about her orgasms, won't you, slave?" I asked Julia. 

"Yes, Master." 

****** 

JULIA 

That is how I found myself over Sam's lap undergoing a spanking and licking the cum from Marcia's cunt a second time. She won both contests. 

"You understand you must keep from having an orgasm as long as you can once we start fucking?" Master asked. 

"Yes, Master, I understand. You know how difficult it is for me to keep from climaxing?" 

"I do understand. I witnessed Sam spank Marcia's ass yesterday and it was a very hard spanking. If you lose, he'll be spanking yours thirty times. Perhaps it will give you incentive to hold out." 

"Yes, Master." 

"Sam, for the contest, should the slave be facing out or facing in?" Master asked. 

"Your choice," Master Sam replied. 

"Let's have the slave facing outward," Master said. "May the slave or Master help the slave in cumming for the second contest?" 

"Like rubbing the clit or something?" Sam asked. 

"Yes." 

"Your choice again," Sam replied. He seemed very confident to me. Of course, Marcia had been his slave for close to three years, though never full time. I was sure he understood his slave quite well. 

"We can rub the slave's breasts, but neither the slave nor Master can touch the clit or genitals," Master said. Master knew I had very sensitive and responsive nipples, so he thought I might have the advantage there. 

"Done, and the slaves have to move on your cock, at least ten times up and down every minute," Sam replied. "Chantelle, the women are sure to enjoy this contest. Why don't you see if you can round up a few to watch." Chantelle left quickly in response to his orders." We don't have to wait to start," he told Master. "I'm sure they'd be more interested in the cumming portion of the contest than the not cumming part." 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
Master handed his watch to Lisa. "You need to keep track of the time, slave. You'll start the ten minute timer as soon as one of the slaves cums." 

"Yes, Master," she replied. 

Some of the slaves started wandering into the room even before the men finished discussing the rules, Zoe among them. When they dated in college, Master had fucked her. Now she'd be witnessing me fucking my Master. The thought sent shivers running down my spine, which didn't bode well for lasting long once the fucking started. Hopefully I could win the second contest, even if I lost the first. Marcia and Chantelle regularly used their tongues on one another. I wouldn't mind having such an experienced tongue licking my cunt. 

Neither one of the Master's had lost one whit of their hardness while the terms of the contest were discussed and as a slave, I was always ready to fuck, my cunt practically dripping as they carried on their negotiations. Both Masters had their slaves put their legs on either side of theirs and their cocks at the entrances of our pussies. 

Master called out, "On three. One, two, three, fuck!" 

I sank over his shaft, nearly cumming when I did, so aroused was I. I was aware of the increasingly greater numbers of slaves showing up to witness our fucking. With my legs on either side of Master's, my cunt was split wide and everyone could see his cock penetrating my cunt, my hard clit on display in my bare slit. I needed to stop thinking about it. It was exciting beyond belief to have everyone witness my fucking. 

Master reminded me I had to move and I started sliding up and down his shaft, going as slow as I dared to delay my orgasm. Ten times up and down a minute, was one stroke every six seconds. It had been ten seconds before Master reminded me to move at least, so to be on the safe side, I did one every four seconds to catch up for the first minute, then slowed down. 

"I'm not going to last long, Master," I moaned, squirming. 

"Marcia is having the same trouble as you are, slave," Master said. "Look at her." 

I glanced at her, and she did seem to be having the same difficulty as I was. She was fidgeting on Sam's lap as badly as I was, a beautiful slave in the throes of slave heat, panting and shaking. Her eyes were closed, a look of ecstatic pleasure on her face as she fought the sensations of the cock in her cunt. 

Looking at her was a mistake, I think. Watching this gorgeous creature skewered by her Master's cock with the look of dreamy pleasure on her face suddenly seemed to double my own arousal. Fuck!" 

I gave it my best shot, looking at the others watching me, but even that was too much. 

"I'm cumming, Master," I moaned, surrendering to the sensations sweeping through my body. 

"Start the timer, Lisa," Master said, starting to caress my breasts and nipples now he wanted to make me cum. Hearing me surrender allowed Marcia to give up as well and she orgasmed within seconds after I did, her cries of passion loud and fervent. 

I was hotter than a volcano and started bouncing rapidly on Master's cock, his hands helping me by teasing my taut nipples. The fact we now had a substantial crowd watching helped as well. Chantelle was back. Brianna, Monique and Zoe were all there. I saw Riyuki and several of the women I recognized from around the pool. Only the women looking after the children appeared to be missing. 

Marcia moaned, "I'm cumming." 

How could she be cumming. She'd just cum. I glanced at her. Her Master wasn't even playing with her tits. He was leaning forward whispering something in her ear. I could see her pussy palpitating Sam's cock. She wasn't lying about her orgasm. It was almost a minute later before I climaxed again, and Marcia moaned immediately afterward, cumming again. 

I started fucking Master faster, though Marcia didn't appear to be fucking more than I was, just more successfully. All in all, during the ten minutes I fucked my Master, I orgasmed five times. Marcia orgasmed eight. Sam's cock was thick with her cream. She hadn't lied about a single one of her orgasms as far as I could tell. The evidence of her pleasure was right there, covering his cock. Of course, our Master's kept fucking us after the contest ended, wanting to reach their own release. I climaxed once more before Master sent his cum deep in my cunt, groaning vociferously as he did. Sam didn't last much longer, but still Marcia orgasmed twice more at the end of the contest. Ten times she climaxed in roughly the same time as I did six and I thought I was orgasmic. 

Sam said, "I suggest your slave clean mine before we start the spanking, so we don't mess up the couch. Our other slaves can clean us up." 

"Thank you," Brianna said. "You men are so messy when you cum." 

So while Lisa cleaned our Master and Chantelle licked Sam, Marcia sat with her cunt at the edge of the couch, her cum and Sam's in white rivulets slowly leaking from the bottom of her pussy towards her awesome ass. I got on on floor and dipped my face between her legs and started licking her clean for the second time that morning, tasting both her and Sam, this time on my own without Lisa's help. I was used to the taste of cum by this time. I'd swallowed enough of it during the past three weeks, but the fact I was tasting the cum of this couple was stimulating in and of itself. Marcia was running her fingers through my hair and over my face, not holding me against her cunt, merely stroking me contentedly as I eagerly licked their cream. 

It must have stimulated Master as well because despite the fact he'd just cum in me, he quickly grew hard in Lisa's mouth and had her mount him to fuck him again. As I licked Marcia, Sam continued to whisper quietly in her ear and she came twice more on my tongue, adding to the cum I was cleaning up from between her legs. Finally, she was tidy and I could stop. I'd liked doing it though. I was such a slave, and Marcia so lovely. I'd wanted her to lick me, but licking her was almost as good. 

I sat back on my heels and said, "How do you want to spank me, Master Sam." 

"Over my lap," he said, sliding down to give him more room from my Master. 

Before climbing over his lap, I said, "I didn't realize anyone could cum more often than I do, Master Sam, Marcia. I noticed you weren't even playing with her breasts as my Master was. They're very sensitive. I believe Master thought it would give him an advantage in that portion of the contest." Master started paying attention to our conversation despite his fucking Lisa. He wanted to know Sam's secrets as well. 

"Do you remember us telling you about the slave, Alicia, at the Las Vegas convention?" Sam asked. 

"Yes, Master Sam. You said she taught you about engaging the brain in the sex act." 

"You made a mistake when Scott told you to look at Marcia. You looked, and when watching her excited you, you began looking at the others watching you. In addition to the physical sensation of your fucking, by watching Marcia, you began to engage your other senses in the process. You noticed she had her eyes closed. Marcia was trying to avoid what you were doing, engaging her other senses in her fucking. She's orgasmic as it is, and observing others watching her fuck makes it worse, as she's an exhibitionist anyway. 

"After you climaxed, she opened her eyes to speed up her orgasms. The brain is the biggest sex organ in the body. You read sex slavery novels, so you're aware of how just your imagination can stir your arousal. I helped her after she opened her eyes by whispering in her ear. I told her she was a beautiful slave and everyone was watching her fuck me and wishing it was them fucking her. I told her she would soon have a sexy new slave licking her cunt, cleaning up our cum. As she's seeing these other people watching her fuck, my whispered words are engaging the part of her brain involved in hearing, but also, her imagination. I'm making her picture you licking her cunt, even while my cock is plunging into her. She can almost imagine your tongue licking her clit at the same time." 

"It's true," Marcia said. "Even before your first lick of my pussy, I'd imagined your tongue stimulating my cunt and clit because Master was making me imagine it. Essentially, you probably made me cum twice with your tongue before you ever touched me, even if only in my imagination." 

Master had stopped fucking Lisa so he could concentrate on the explanation. "You mean while I'm fucking Lisa, I can make her cum more by reminding her of her surroundings and that she's being watched by others?" 

"Especially if she's got an exhibitionist streak like Marcia and she's really looking at them at the same time," Sam said. "It's like when you're licking one slave's cunt and you have your other slave lick their breasts at the same time, or a double penetration, stimulating both their pussy and ass at once. You're increasing the number of hands, or tongues, or cocks or dildo's and the nerves being stimulated, and if that weren't enough, you can make them watch you do it and listen to a description at the same time. The brain become your biggest orgasmic tool. Try it. I'll try to do the same while I'm spanking your slave." 

Master made Lisa change positions, turning around so she now faced her watchers instead of her back to them. She climaxed almost immediately, just changing positions and seeing her watchers scrutinize her being fucked. 

"Thank you for explaining, Master Sam." I climbed over his lap, my bare bottom on his right side as I assumed it was his dominant hand, now exposed to those standing around me. Master and Lisa especially could see my ass, now aimed at them because Sam was to their left. Marcia was sitting to her Master's left, so I was facing her. She stroked my hair. 

Sam rested his hand momentarily on my naked ass. It felt warm and comforting despite my knowledge it would soon give me pain. 

"Both of my slaves enjoy a good spanking, slave. They have quite a high pain tolerance. Do you have any particular limits or a safe word you wish to tell me?" 

"My safe word is Alpha, and if you strike me much harder than I'm accustomed to, I'll ask you to ease up a little. Last Thursday, I was spanked quite hard by Mistress Sarah, who was practicing her newfound skills as a Mistress, so I hope I'm prepared for whatever you dish out, Master Sam." 

"Before we begin," he said, "I want you to look at all the people watching you right now." I looked around me, everyone observing me. I was a slave, one who was to be punished. His hand slowly rubbed my bum. "Some of them like to be punished, spanked like this, and they wish they were over my knee like you are. Others are afraid of the discipline, and tremble at what is to befall you, knowing how it will hurt. They're all fond of women, and staring at your bald cunt, and brown one-eyed ass and imagine their tongues licking at the juices flowing from your pussy or over the crinkled sphincter of your asshole, soothing the pain you're about to feel. They're going to see my hand falling on your soft ass, turning it red." 

I heard Lisa cumming behind me, her moans pathetic and needy, like mine. I looked around again, with a new, keener eye, seeing what Sam saw, the slaves intent, some of their faces looking hot and eager, anticipating the coming swats. Others, smiles friendly, a hand caressing their own breasts or cunts, watching. I shivered. Already I knew I would cum when he spanked me, no matter how hard he hit me, profoundly aware of the eyes burning into me. 

His hand rose and fell. Smack, the sudden burn, the shockwave of his hand landing causing my bottom to jiggle, the sudden gasps of several women watching. Marcia caressing my face still, stroking my hair. Mercy. I loved it. I loved the sharp pain, the watching eyes, the way I squirmed when his hand landed. I fucking loved it. 

Smack, smack, smack; his hand rising and falling, as hard as any hand I've ever felt, almost as bad as the Enforcer. The warmth spreading from the impact point, dispersing towards my holes, my puckered asshole, my wet cunt, my needy clit, up my back and down my legs. Smack, smack, smack, my nipples turgid points, aching to be touched. I moaned, as much from the pleasure of it as the pain. I kissed Marcia's hand, the only one I could reach. I would have kissed Sam's for the pleasure I was feeling. Despite my pleasure, tears of pain ran down my cheeks. 

Smack, smack, smack. "Your ass is a lovely shade of red," Sam said. "Do you know how many people want to touch it now, to feel its warmth, to bury their faces in it?" 

"Master Sam, I need to cum," I pleaded. "Please let me cum." 

"Five more strokes and you can cum, slave." Groaning miserably at having to wait; wanting to cum now. 

I waited impatiently for the last five to fall, Sam slowing as I'd slowed when spanking Chantelle last night. I was whimpering and shivering uncontrollably before the last one dropped on my burning buns and I was finally allowed to orgasm. I squirmed on his lap as I climaxed, a needy slave cumming for a Master. Oh, how I loved being a slave. 

I climaxed once more before my spanking ended. Cum was dripping down my legs. I'm sure my pussy was a soupy mess by now, nine climaxes of my own as well as Master's cum filling it. Master was still fucking Lisa. I got off Sam's knees, my ass on fire from my spanking, yet I welcomed it. I knew I was a slave and slaves are punished. Marcia kissed me, her lips parting mine so her tongue could slide in and taste me, probably herself and Sam as well. 

Zoe knelt at Master's feet. "Master Scott, this slave requests permission to take your wife to my room and pleasure her until lunch. I shall ensure her cunt is licked clean of all the cum inside it right now." 

"You just want to fuck both sides of a married couple, don't you, Zoe?" Master said, laughing. 

"I've already done both sides of a married couple," Zoe said, looking pointedly at Sam and Marcia, "but I'd enjoy doing it again." 

"You've fucked Zoe?" Sam asked. 

"We dated in college before she discovered her sexual inclinations and I married this one," pointing to his beloved slave, me. "It's how we know her." 

Sam and Marcia laughed, as did many of the others. 

"Go ahead, Zoe, but I don't want anyone to clean their faces afterward so I can see for myself the pleasure you've given each other." 

"Yes, Master Scott," she said, taking my hand and pulling me to my feet. She led me to her room. 

"I told you how delicious I found you and I would fuck you this trip," Zoe said. "There's nothing I like better than a new, freshly fucked and spanked slave girl." 

She drew me into her bed and I was freshly fucked all over again, first with her lips and tongue, then with a strap on, cunt and ass both. She really did enjoy new slave girls. Our faces were bathed in cum when we returned to my Master. 

****** 

SCOTT 

I'd learned more in this one weekend at Brianna's than in three weeks of Julia's slavery and all the books of hers I'd read. I had my two slaves again, fucking one and sending the other with my old girlfriend to fuck. Strange. Lisa had cum like crazy, the recommendations of Sam and Marcia working as they'd said. I finally squirted my cum up her cunt, climaxing for the fourth time this young day. 

"Scott, why don't you come out by the pool while we wait for lunch," Brianna said. "I imagine you'll have to leave afterward. It's a long drive to Fresno. If there are any further questions you might have of us, we'll be happy to answer all that we can." 

"Thank you, Brianna. I appreciate the offer." 

We all wandered outside by the pool, the lovely female bodies slipping into the pool, wet and utterly awesome. I sent Lisa to join them. Monique was under the shade again, closely watching the five older children with, I believe it was Adele. Riyuki was feeding Hideko, her little mouth latched onto her lovely nipples. 

"I don't know how you do it?" I said to Sam. 

"Do what?" 

"Walk around here without a constant hard-on." 

Sam laughed. "Well, Brianna is right about one thing. Men are not super-powered. Believe me, it's a lot easier to survive this place with two sexy slaves who are both willing and eager to make sure no erection goes unused for long. If I should manage to get one, one of them is ready to make use of it. It never lasts long enough to get any wrong ideas. Perhaps it helps to see naked women every day. It is possible to get somewhat used to it. Plus, it helps knowing most of them aren't interested in me and have no regard for my dick." 

"You still get an erection looking at pictures of your wife," I said. 

He hugged her briefly. "Wouldn't you." 

"In all probability," I admitted. 

"I think your slaves are amazing women as well," Sam said. "You're a very lucky man to have two such remarkable slaves. I think most of your problems are behind you. You seem to love and care for one another a great deal. You merely have to work out the details. If your hearts are in the right place, it shouldn't be terribly hard." 

"I didn't get into this thinking about the future. I assumed it would end in three weeks. Lisa was a total surprise, as was their desire to remain slaves. I see what you mean about thinking long term. If this is something we want to keep doing, we have some things to work out." 

"Master Scott," Marcia said, "I don't know you that well, and I apologize again for the way I behaved when you started telling us what happened. I do believe you're a good man and good men make good Masters. A lot of the dominants we met when we started out seemed in it for the sex, or the power exchange, but the really good ones care as much about their slaves as they do themselves. From what little I've seen, you care a great deal for your slaves. They spoke highly about you when they justified their reasons not to stay here. You've earned their trust and their love. A lot of Master's I've met wouldn't have let their slave wander off with Zoe, because they feel the need to keep them under their heel. Obviously, you know Zoe, but it was a kind thing to do, for both of them. They like each other, you recognized it and aren't threatened by it. It isn't costing you anything to give them some time together, so you let them. You have very happy slaves, who love their slavery. It says as much about you as it does them." 

"Thank you." 

"You're welcome, Master, and I say Master now with all the honor and respect you should have received initially." 

"That means a great deal to me. I have maybe one more question you could answer for me." 

"What's that?" Sam asked. 

"You've made reference to this Caribbean cruise you went on, and a lot of things in your life seemed to be focused on that cruise. It seemed to be a turning point of some kind. How did you ever end up on a cruise together?" 

Every one of them laughed. 

"Marcia's body parts weren't the only things auctioned off at the Nude for the Homeless auction. A Hollywood producer auctioned a week for four on his personal yacht, which he rents out for cruises when he's not using it to wine and dine actors and actresses," Sam said. "I bid on it and won the auction, though we still had to share the cruise with two other couples." 

"We knew the producer from the Las Vegas convention and captain and first mate from the same place. They were one of the first people we met at the convention," Marcia said. "I was wearing this horribly sheer black romper and we're going down the elevator with George and Dina, who had on sheer red Gorean slave silks, and another couple who were into pet play. All she had was gray tabby body paint. Seeing someone else as exposed as I was helped me get over my jitters." 

"Marcia had already agreed I could have a child with Sam and I'd promised them contact with the resulting child, like mutual family vacations," Brianna said. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"Plus in planning it, we didn't know if our first attempt caught," Sam added, "and the cruise was during Brianna's next fertile cycle, and a chance to see if we could get along on a family vacation, so we invited her and a slave to be the third and fourth." 

"Which was me," Monique said, "because if Master still needed to get Mistress preggers, he had one of Mistresses slaves with her to overcome her discomfort with cock. Although, Mistress did get pregnant the first time because Master left enough cum in her to impregnate half of the estate." 

"And Chantelle, who wanted to visit her family on Guadalupe, so she actually worked as the cook for her berth," Marcia said. "Then when Master allowed me my hall pass with the person on the cruise, I invited Chantelle and the others to have sex with him so he wouldn't be alone on the cruise." 

"Which is when Sam first got his hooks into Chantelle," Brianna said, "or should I say cock. Actually, he ended up fucking all of us, the devious bastard; even Monique had to see what all the fuss was about because everyone else was enjoying his fucking prick, even me." 

"Hey," Sam protested, "I never made a single one of you fuck me. You volunteered for the duty, probably as much to get in Marcia's knickers as mine. Figured you'd earn her gratitude by taking care of me." 

"True," Monique said. "Everyone wanted in Marcia's knickers." 

"Which is when we all became fairly regular bedmates," Marcia said, "and the only ones Master quasi-regularly slips the sausage to. Since we all ended up sleeping together on the cruise, and we wanted to try to limit the number of people we were boinking, Monique, Brianna, Chantelle and I are the only ones who may regularly sleep with my Master. Of course, the others are mostly only interested in him if Chantelle or I are also in the mix. Chantelle and I want him for the cock." 

"Which is the punishment I get for sleeping with a bunch of lesbians," Sam said. 

By this time, I'm laughing my ass off, the story getting batted around like a ping pong ball, going from one to the other, and all with their own spin on it. 

"And you later decide Sam can, in fact, impregnate the whole estate?" I asked. 

"By the time Mistress is having the twins," Marcia said, "Monique, Adele, Ingrid and a few others decide they want kids too. Master is already semi-regularly sleeping with the four of us, though mostly Monique is there for her Mistress or one of us, but she's one of those wishing a child. She was easy to add. She just had to come off birth control. 

"The others were a little harder for me. At first, we tried to keep Sam unaware of who he's fucking, to avoid adding more people to our menagerie, but Sam's mother points out to us that as soon as someone starts showing, Master knows she's one of the ones he fucked..." 

"Wait! Sam's mother knows you're a part time sex slave, that he's fucking other people and having children with them?" 

"Yes," Sam replied, "and she was remarkably accepting of it, though she got a little crazy at first and ordered Marcia to lick Brianna's and Monique's cunt. Had to nip that in the bud straight off. We've told her about Chantelle since. Actually, Mom slept with Chantelle before she became our amour. Didn't you mention your folks know about your situation?" 

"Fuck! Your mother slept with Chantelle?" 

"With Chantelle, me and several others, including, I think, everyone Sam has impregnated," Brianna said. "We invited her down after the twins were born. When we explained most of the women here were lesbian and submissive, she wondered what it would be like to have sex with a woman, so several of us introduced her to sapphic love. It was quite interesting. She hasn't been back since, though we've visited her once with the children. She won't be able to sleep with Chantelle anymore, but it happened once. What about your parents?" 

"Goodness. You've had some wild ass adventures." This brought about a smattering of laughter. "Yes, my parents knew, though they supposed it was ending on Friday. I don't think they're expecting it to continue, especially with Lisa in the mix." 

"Well, I did mention how any decisions you make now affect both your parents and your children," Sam remarked. "You need to figure out how much they'll accept the new reality and break it to them gently. Theoretically, any children you might have with Lisa are their grandchildren, and as far as the kids are concerned, they might have three sets of grandparents. They'll certainly see it that way even if you don't. 'How come Jason has a Grandpa so and so and I don't'." 

"This is more complex than I realized. Do all of your parents know what's going on?" 

"They all know parts of it," Brianna said. "You don't keep pregnancies secret from anyone. Only a few of the most accepting ones know all the details. A few know very little. As far as they're concerned, the slave is the mother, and I'm the father who arranged for the sperm donor. I'm financially responsible for the child, so Sam's participation doesn't have to be known. He'll end up being the father figure for all of them, and he'll be a good one. Some parents don't accept their children as lesbian, and more don't accept their submissiveness. I believe it's their loss. Every one of these women are people I'm proud to know and would gladly call friend. They don't know what they're missing." 

"As Mistress said, you can't keep a pregnancy secret, especially when you're living here," Marcia said, continuing. "It's when we got real technical with our rules. Master can have sex with anyone desiring a child during her fertile cycle, but never with me present. If we both don't sleep with her at the same time, no one else can get added to our bed. He never sleeps with anyone else except Brianna and Monique, unless they're trying to get pregnant and only when fertile. If I'm not a slave, I'm not having sex with anyone but Mistress, Monique, Chantelle and Master. Of course, as the second lowest ranking slave here, I have very few limits on who has sex with me as a slave, but never with Master participating and never when I'm not in slave mode. As a slave, I can have sex with Julia or Lisa, as you witnessed, but never another male, nor with Master participating. This means though, we've both had sex with Zoe, for instance, we've never both had sex with her at the same time and she will never be a permanent member of our bed. Actually, Zoe's a bad example. Both Riyuki and Zoe are slip ups we've conjointly had sex with them before we fully developed our rules, but never since. Of course, when Master is here, any women slaves must seek his permission to have sex with me. Even Brianna, as Mistress, usually asks Master's permission, but it's a little looser with her. She has ordered me to have sex with her, and unless Master countermands the order, I'm fucking her. It sounds complicated, but it seems to be working." 

"Your life is much more complicated than mine will be," I said. "Hopefully I won't be getting anyone pregnant but Julia and maybe Lisa." 

"It's still complicated, Master," Marcia said. "People are messy and illogical, emotional creatures. As much as you care for one another, stuff will crop up. It's why we stress communication so much. When Master and I started, we talked every day of my slavery about what we did and how it made us feel. Adding Chantelle made communication even more important. We've gotten better at non-verbal communication, but it doesn't obviate the need for regular verbal chats. It's why Mistress has her meetings every Sunday. When stuff crops up, you can't always talk about it in the moment, but you can certainly ensure you set aside time to deal with it later." 

"I think communication was the biggest mistake we made," I said. "I wish now we'd done better at it. It might have eased some of the pain we experienced." 

"Your communication is something which can easily be fixed," Brianna said. "Nothing you've done so far is a deal breaker. Three weeks doesn't allow a lot of resentments to build and fester, but going forward, it will be critical." 

Chantelle came out to tell everyone that dinner was served and a parade formed of people waiting to dine. We gathered the children up and joined the group, although everyone quickly gave way for their Mistress and guests. Lisa joined me. We still hadn't seen Zoe and Julia since they left for Zoe's room. I sat down with Lisa in my lap. It was Julia's turn, but she wasn't here. 

"What are we having today, Chantelle?" Brianna asked, taking a seat. 

"In honor of our guests, today we are having avocado and lime grilled salmon and a grilled peach summer salad, both with and without chicken for our Vegan slaves. We also have a grilled vegetable medley, and a few other salads as choices for lighter fare on the sideboard, which people can help themselves to if they desire." 

"It sounds absolutely delicious, Chantelle. Thank you," I said. 

As they'd done yesterday, several of the slaves served themselves and disappeared to wherever they ate when they couldn't dine at the table, which only seated twelve. Chantelle and the other cook served those who remained, taking orders for the food they wanted. I had the salmon, peach salad with chicken, vegetable medley and fresh cut fruit salad I used as a dessert instead of the chocolate cake. Lisa had the same except she went for the chocolate cake. I fed Lisa, playing with her as I was wont to do while feeding my slaves. 

About halfway through the meal, Zoe and Julia hurried into the dining room, their faces still covered with girl cum as I'd asked them to be. They both showed themselves to me, then Zoe hurried to her Mistress and knelt down. There were no chairs left, Marcia sitting next to me on one side and Monique on the other. Julia grabbed one of the cushions assigned for the purpose and knelt at my feet beside Monique. 

"Scott," Brianna said, "since Zoe monopolized your slave's time this morning, she owes you. If you wish, she will suck your cock while you eat." 

I looked down at Julia with Zoe's cum still smeared all over her face. "I'd like that very much, Brianna, thank you. Julia, please give your cushion to Lisa. You can grab some food and eat over in the corner." I pointed to the nearest one. 

Brianna snapped her fingers and pointed to me and Zoe crawled to my chair. Julia got up and Lisa took her place beside me so I could continue feeding her. Zoe started sucking my cock. It had been over a dozen years since I'd had sex with Zoe. Not since we dated. She had sucked me off a couple times when we dated. She was substantially better now, which surprised me given I doubted she'd had much practice sucking cocks since. She was deep throating me as easily as my own slaves did. 

"Excuse me, Brianna. I'm surprised Zoe is as skilled a fellatrix as she's currently demonstrating. I would think she wouldn't get much practice sucking cocks, and she's much better than she was in college." 

Brianna laughed. "All of the slaves who wanted Sam to father a child had to learn to suck cock to get Sam hard again for another dose of baby batter." 

"Who taught them?" I asked. 

"I did. I had some experience prior to having Sam impregnate me, but Marcia insisted I become better to serve her Master and she quickly taught me what pleased her Master. I passed those skills to my own slaves." 

"You're an excellent teacher," I said, moaning. 

"Thank you." 

I'd cum four times already today, the last two not much more than two hours ago, so Zoe, bless her heart, was going to work for this one. I calmly ate and fed Lisa as she worked herself up and down my cock. The state of her face led me to believe her tongue and jaw received a good workout before she started on my cock and would likely be quite sore stretching around my girth. Both Lisa and I were done eating before I exploded in her mouth. Zoe swallowed every drop. 

When I was clean, she released me, massaging her jaw slightly, working it around before saying, "Thank you, Master." 

"Thank you for what, Zoe?" Thinking she was going to say my cum. 

"Thank you for the use of your slave this morning. Try not to punish her too severely, as it's my fault she was gone so long. Punish me if you must, but please spare Julia." 

I looked at Julia kneeling quietly in the corner eating her dinner. There were tears in her eyes. I looked back at Zoe. 

"As much as I'd love to smack your beautiful, bare behind," I said, "I think Julia's been punished enough. It was her turn to be fed. You can clean off your face now." 

"Yes, Master Scott." She crawled back to her Mistress. Marcia put her hand on my arm and squeezed it. Apparently, she approved of my handling of slaves. 

I pulled Lisa back up into my lap and finger fucked her to cumming, twice, her panting gasps and moans audible to the entire room, including the forlorn little slave sitting in the corner. 

****** 

JULIA 

It was so odd to be fucking someone Master had fucked when he was in college. There was something wickedly delicious to be licking the cunt of Master's old girlfriend. When they knocked on Zoe's door to announce dinner, we were in the midst of a sixty-nine close to cumming. Of course, we ignored the summons so we could cum, and it was so good, we had to go for another after it, and one more after that. When we arrived, everyone was halfway through the meal. Zoe hurried to her Mistress and I hurried to my Master. Lisa already had taken a place on Master's lap. It was expected, I guess, even though it was my turn. I hadn't been there when everyone sat down to dinner. I grabbed a cushion and knelt beside my Master. 

My day took a distressing turn for the worse when Brianna offered him the cock sucking services of Zoe in return for her monopolizing my time this morning. Master accepted her offer and had to relinquish Lisa from his lap in order to give Zoe access to his cock. He gave Lisa my cushion and sent me to eat in the corner. It was fair, Zoe sucking his cock, but I felt like an abandoned child when sent to the corner, tearing up at my humiliation and despondency at being sent from my Master's side. So, Master was sucked off by his old girlfriend with my fresh cum on her face. It took quite awhile before Master was able to cum despite Zoe's apparent skill at sucking prick. Everyone finished eating before he coated her tonsils with his cum. Zoe thanked him. 

"Thank you for what, Zoe?" 

"Thank you for the use of your slave this morning," Zoe said. "Try not to punish her too severely, as it's my fault she was gone so long. Punish me if you must, but please spare Julia." 

I hadn't thought I might be punished. Being banished to the corner was bad enough. It was the first duty of a slave to serve her Master and I'd been gone for quite some time, even past the time we'd been called to dinner. Master would be within his rights to punish me. Zoe was kind to offer to accept my punishment. 

Master looked at me and turned back to Zoe. 

"As much as I'd love to smack your beautiful, bare behind," he said, "I think Julia's been punished enough. It was her turn to be fed. You can clean off your face now." I still had Zoe's cum on my face and I wasn't given permission to wash it off. 

"Yes, Master Scott." 

Zoe crawled back to her Mistress. Marcia squeezed Master's arm. I wondered if Master had fucked Marcia while I was gone. Sam had said he didn't like his slave fucking other men, but perhaps he made an exception for Master. Why else would she be squeezing his arm? She was so beautiful. My tears increased. Lisa resumed her place on Master's lap and Master finger fucked her to two orgasms. 

When he was done, he called me back to my cushion. I was sitting beside Monique as well. 

"Monique," I asked. "I wished to inquire about slave jewelry and bearing children. What can you tell me about vaginal and nipple piercings as it relates to having children?" 

"It takes anywhere from eight to twelve months for piercings to fully heal, where the piercing is not totally at risk of closing if you have to remove your jewelry for significant periods of time. I would strongly suggest you not receive any piercings near the vagina and nipple prior to your delivery as the risk of infection does pose risks to both you and the baby. Depending on the piercing, you'd have to remove most vaginal jewelry." Monique showed me a clitoral hood piercing she had. "I had to remove this for delivery as child birth does pose risks of tearing and the tears could be aggravated by jewelry. Ones like Marcia or Chantelle might be able to stay in, but I wouldn't. Nipple piercings might affect the milk ducts in nipples. You have to remove jewelry every time you feed the child and it is possible milk flow could decrease due to damaged ducts or might flow out of the piercings in large amounts. Mine have been healed for a long time, and I didn't notice any particular problems with my milk delivery when breast feeding, but you need to be aware some problems can occur. As you'll be delivering in around seven months, I wouldn't recommend piercings unless it's some location other than nipples and vagina. You could get a septum piercing or other nose piercings, ear piercings, eyebrow or navel." 

It appeared I would be receiving any piercings this trip. "I'd been hoping for ones like Marcia's," I said. 

"Hers are lovely, but I'd wait until six months after delivery, and to be on the safe side, two years before having more children." 

"I was hoping for something to signify my service to my Master." 

"You could consider tattoo's or even branding," Monique said. "Neither of them is likely to be near your vagina or breasts. Tattoos heal relative quick. Branding can take as long as piercings to fully heal but the location, usually on your buttocks, wouldn't be the issue piercings are." She showed me the tattoo over her mons that read 'Property of Brianna'. 

"What do you mean when you say branding?" I asked. 

"I mean a red hot piece of metal burning into your flesh, although it's possible to use super cold or lasers," Monique said. "I'd get one for Mistress, but she doesn't want our skin marred like that." 

"People actually get brands," I asked, horrified, yet also intrigued. I'd read about it in my books, but assumed it was a fictional plot device. 

"It's more common than you think. A lot of people who are into tattoos are now doing brands. It's another form of scarification. It's not uncommon for slaves to be branded in the real slave trade, though usually not as carefully as when it's done by an expert. They might be branded like cattle are, with a hot iron. You're marked for life and it's hard to escape when everyone can see your slave brand. Some submissive's readily submit to branding by their Master. As I said, if Mistress allowed it, I'd take a brand for her. Mostly, brands are done now with a surgical cauterization tool." 

"Doesn't it hurt?" I asked. 

"So does childbirth, yet you're having a child. I'm not sure one is any worse than the other, or tattooing for that matter. There are websites which discuss the process and I saw a video of a man being branded with a cauterization tool on YouTube. If you are pierced, we give you antiseptic and analgesic creams to apply to the piercing site. The same would happen for a brand." 

"You've done branding here?" I asked. 

"A couple. Mistress is not crazy about doing them as there is nothing more permanent. Zoe has to do some serious research into the person requesting one, their mental health status, their relationship to their dominant, whether it's abusive or not, then they have to sign a contract and a waiver. Only then will she consider it, and it's usually after a lengthy personal conversation with the submissive before she'll give her consent to the procedure." 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
I looked at Master. He and Lisa were engaged in a conversation with Marcia on the other side. I doubt he'd heard a word of my conversation with Monique. I was persona non grata at the moment. A brand would signify my total love and devotion to my Master in a way nothing else would. I sighed. I doubted Master would ever give me permission to be branded. I leaned back on my heels and thought about what I'd want my brand to say or to be. 

Twenty minutes later, Master told us if we wanted to shop for jewelry, we should do it now as we had to leave soon. He also told us to find the clothes we'd removed when we went into the pool yesterday, but leave off our underwear. Slaves needed to be available to their Masters. Master's clothes were in the bedroom we'd slept in last night. Monique told us our things had been laundered and placed in a cabinet out by the pool. Usually clothes were placed near where they were dropped, so the owner could find them easier. Monique offered to show us where before taking us to some of the jewelry designs they kept here. We went out to the pool and found the clothes as Monique said we would. There was a towel cabinet by the pool and our freshly laundered clothes were in the cabinet on a lower shelf, along with other clothes left by people by the pool. We took them out and put them on, sans underclothing. Both of us had chosen to wear skirts yesterday, so Master wouldn't have any difficulty fucking one of his slaves as he wished. God, I was so wet. I could hardly wait to don my collar again. 

Next, Monique led us to some of the jewelry stock they kept on hand. There were several pieces designed for piercing I would have loved. Instead, I got some earrings that looked like slave manacles. Master thought Lisa should have some jewelry like mine which identified her as a slave, but didn't announce it to the world for when we went out. Monique showed him several pieces which would do the trick. Master put them on her himself, since she didn't have her regular slave collar, a wide gold and red necklace and matching bracelets. They looked good on her, especially with the red, which matched her normal leather collar and cuffs. Master told Monique that he no longer had a standard leather collar and cuffs for me except ankle cuffs. He'd given them to Mistress Sarah for her slave. I'd forgotten I didn't have them anymore. 

"What color is her collar normally, Master Scott?" 

"Black." 

"Obviously, we don't carry leather collars and cuffs because you can buy them anywhere, but I have this piece I think you'd appreciate for your lovely slave." 

She opened up a drawer and pulled out this exquisite stainless steel and black enamel collar, with the matching bracelets to go with it. 

"These lock and can't be opened by the slave. The locking mechanism is internal, so it won't stand out like an external lock would. It won't rust, so it can be worn in the shower and has rounded edges so it can be worn for long periods of time without hurting her neck. If you push down on this piece right here," she pushed down and a ring which looked like a circle on the collar, popped out, "you have this ring to which you can attach leashes, or chains to her nipples or these bracelets which have a similar device. It's strong enough you could suspend her from them, though we don't recommend anything but suspension cuffs for a true suspension. Then the ring can be pushed back in so it isn't so obvious what it is." She popped it back in. 

"I'll take it," Master said. 

God, my pussy gushed when he said it. To think I'd be wearing a metal collar really made me wet. Master didn't put it on me though, like he did with Lisa. He put it in a bag and carried it out to the car. He went inside Sam's to get his clothes and anything else we'd left in the bedroom last night. 

We said our goodbyes to everyone. Zoe's, Marcia's and Chantelle's were particularly affectionate and loving to all of us. Chantelle winked at me as she rubbed her nude body all over Master as she kissed him. She'd promised me she would if she had the chance to do so. I kissed her as well. She was lovely and I was glad she wasn't going home with us for Master to fuck. Marcia also rubbed her nude body against Master as they kissed goodbye. She whispered something in Master's ear as their kiss ended. I detected Master's pants bulging as he started to get erect. Master and Sam shook hands. Master promised he'd send a picture of our bondage furniture and told Sam and Brianna he already had some ideas for some things which would double as bondage furniture yet look like something else. I was told to get in the back seat and Lisa was told to get in the front. Apparently, I was still being punished for my infraction. Master hadn't even told me I could wash Zoe's cum off my face. 

As we navigated the heavy traffic around LA, Master told Lisa she could masturbate for her pleasure. He said she could cum four times. I was told nothing. 

"I'm sorry, Master," I said from my gulag in the back seat. 

"What are you sorry for?" Master asked. 

"For spending so much time with Zoe, sir." 

"I gave you permission to be with Zoe." 

"Yes, Master, but I was gone a long time, even halfway through lunch." 

"And why would that be a problem for me?" Master asked. 

"The first duty of a slave is to ensure the pleasure of her Master. I was not available to you, sir. I was gone longer than you expected." 

"How do you know how long I expected you to be gone? Did I give you a time limit?" 

"No, Master. But you seem to be angry with me." 

"Have I spoken a single harsh word to you?" 

"No, sir." 

"Then why do you believe I'm angry with you?" 

"Because I was sent to a corner to eat, you've not given me permission to wash Zoe's cum off my face, because I'm in the back seat and Lisa is in the front, and because she's been given permission to cum and I have not. If that weren't enough, she's wearing the slave jewelry you purchased her and I'm not wearing anything. Because you've not once spoken a word of affection to me nor petted or caressed me since I came to lunch." 

"I would guess from the amount of cum smeared on your face and Zoe's, you orgasmed plenty while with Zoe. I'm merely letting Lisa catch up to you." 

"Yes, sir." He didn't really address any of the other concerns. 

I was silent for twenty minutes without another word being spoken. The only sounds those of Lisa's fingers sluicing into her cunt and her sighs and moans of pleasure as she climaxed. 

"Master, did you fuck Marcia?" I asked finally. 

"Why would you think I had?" Master asked. 

"There were signs of affection between you," I replied. 

"What signs of affection?" 

"She squeezed your arm after Zoe sucked your cock and she rubbed her nude body against you while she kissed goodbye, and whispered something in your ear." 

"Sam wouldn't let me fuck his wife," Master said. Not that he didn't fuck her, only that Sam wouldn't let him fuck her. 

Five more minutes of silence passed. Lisa must have had four orgasms. Even she wasn't making noise anymore. 

"What did she whisper to you as you left?" I asked. 

"She apologized again for her rudeness yesterday, told me I had a very strong hand and I should have little difficulty in keeping two slaves in line and I was a lucky man for having two such beautiful slaves." 

I was unfamiliar with her rudeness as it happened when Lisa and I were in the pool, but Master said he'd spanked her and I could vouch for his strong hand. I did not think Lisa and I were as beautiful as Marcia and Chantelle, but I supposed we were pretty enough. 

More silence followed. A lot more silence, tense with apprehension. 

"Do you want to go back?" Master asked. 

"What, sir?" I asked. "Go back where?" 

"Do you want to go back there? Back to Brianna's estate and get fucked for three weeks? I can turn around." 

"No, Master. I have no desire to go back there. I want to go home with you and Lisa." 

"Are you sure? You certainly seemed to enjoy your time there." 

"I did enjoy my time there, Master. It's a slave's paradise. But my place is with you. I don't want to stay at Brianna's." 

"You certainly enjoyed your time with Zoe. Are you sure you don't want to go back?" 

"You're not jealous of a woman, Master? Zoe's no competition for you." 

"Why gone so long then?" 

"Because Zoe was the woman before me, Master. She was the one you loved or cared deeply about before we met. Inside the slave part of myself I imagined her cum smeared on your face, your cock fucking her cunt. There was an extra thrill in fucking your old girlfriend, Master. More than almost anyone else, she'd be the one I most wanted to fuck, because you did. You know who else gives me an extra thrill, Master?" 

"No." 

"Lisa. It gives me an extra thrill fucking Lisa, because in addition to being my best friend, we're both fucking her. When I see your prick sliding through her wet pussy, I can almost cum from watching it. It's just twisted enough to satisfy the darkest part of myself. When I convinced you to fuck Rose, it made me feel good, because I was giving you something you'd deny yourself. I wanted Gwen to suck your cock under the table at Luigi's. I wanted her to prove she was worthy enough to fuck my Master. There is nothing I wouldn't give you, Master. Nothing. I want to be branded. I want you to mark me as your permanent slave. I love you so much. I belong completely and totally to you and I want to prove it to the world." 

"You want to be branded?" Master asked. Quickly echoed by Lisa, as astounded as Master. 

"Yes. Something to signify my ownership by you. Monique told me I can't get the piercings I want until six months after I deliver and I couldn't have another child for 24 months to ensure I'm healed before delivering again. I could get a tattoo, but it could fade or be covered up. I want to wear your brand, something even plastic surgery couldn't erase. I'm yours. I'll never belong to anyone else." 

"I thought you regretted not taking Sam's offer to stay for three weeks, that you loved it too much to leave." 

"No, Master. I will never willingly leave your side. Get it through your thick skull. I am now and forever will be yours. Nothing can tempt me away from you. Now, answer my question. Did you fuck Marcia?" 

"I told you Sam would never let me fuck her." 

"Which is not the same as saying 'I did not fuck Marcia', sir. Did she suck your cock? Did you fuck her ass? Did you lick her cunt?" 

"No, I never did any of those things. We kind of agreed I would never fuck anyone you weren't allowed to fuck." 

"I'm allowed to fuck slaves and I sucked Sam's cum out of her cunt twice today, which means you could fuck her. We also agreed that I would not restrict my Master from fucking other slaves if it would be a lesson or punishment to his own slaves. Perhaps you wanted to punish me for being with Zoe for so long." 

"Master didn't fuck anyone, Julia," Lisa said. "I wasn't with him the entire time you were gone, being in the pool much of the time, but he never left and no one fucked anyone else." 

"Would it make you jealous if I fucked Marcia?" Master asked. 

"She's the most beautiful woman I've ever seen, Master. I would be jealous of her, especially if I weren't with you. You started getting another erection when Chantelle and she kissed you goodbye. You orgasmed five times this morning by lunch and they were making you hard again as we're leaving." 

"They are lovely, Julia, but I don't love them. I would far prefer to stick my cock in you than anyone else in the world." 

"Thank you, sir." 

"And for your information, I don't know why she touched me at lunch, but I believe she squeezed my arm because she approved of my handling of you by not punishing you for being gone so long. I didn't ask her, but it seemed like she agreed with me. I didn't set a time limit, so it would have been wrong to do so." 

We were both silent again for quite awhile. 

"We really do need to work on our communication skills," Master said. 

"I don't know, Master. Perhaps. However, it seems to me most of our problems in so called communication exist because you don't believe I'm irrevocably yours. If you believe that, I'm not sure we have a communication problem. I will never, ever, from this moment until the day I die, belong to anyone other than you. You are my true and natural Master, my husband, the father of my child, my lover, and the only person I desire to spend my nights in bed with other than those you choose to give me to. That will never change; it's as indelible as if engraved in stone. If you truly believe it, nothing else matters. If I spend a few extra minutes with someone you give me to; or I cum when someone else you've shared me with gives me pleasure, it only matters because you gave me to them. I do not want to exchange places with anyone else. I do not want to be anyone else. I don't need to be with anyone else. You are all that's important to me. I would like to share you with Lisa, because I love you both, but if it meant losing you, I'd surrender her too. You and I, Master, and the child we'll share, are all that matters most to me in the world. There is no more important communication than that." 

Master was silent again, absorbing everything I'd just said. 

"Would you like to exchange places with Lisa and suck my cock?" Master asked. 

"Nothing would please me more, Master," I said. 

He pulled off the highway and slammed on the brakes. Finally, I had my Master back. 

****** 

SCOTT 

I was shocked as hell when Julia said she wanted to be branded. I couldn't imagine applying white hot metal to her beautiful skin and listen to it sizzle and watch it smoke. The thought of it disturbed me, yet she was so sure it was something she wanted to do; that somehow, it would prove beyond all shadow of a doubt she was mine and mine alone and forever would be. Merely the declaration she'd be willing to do it made my heart pound. It seemed something unequivocal in her declaration of love and submission. 

She asked me a second time if I'd fucked Marcia. I answered her question once, though when she made her point in asking a second time, I could see the distinction between the two answers. If I'd fucked Marcia behind Sam's back, it wouldn't have been an honest answer. I had no intention of fucking anyone behind someone's back, but my answer could have been clearer. 

I found both Marcia and Chantelle attractive; there was no denying they were sexy as hell. Goodness, all the women at Brianna's were eights and above, from their Mistress on down. Intelligent, funny, attractive; almost anything you might look for in a woman was there. Zoe was a nine. So were Brianna, Monique, and Riyuki. But so were Julia and Lisa. Not everyone could be a ten, but it wasn't solely physical appearance which made a woman special and shine. And they were all different; black, white, Asian, tall, short, dark, light, a world traveler's dream. But they weren't mine. Part of what made Julia and Lisa so special is they were mine. 

Once again, it seemed I didn't understand my slaves. Or I did understood the nature of their desire for slavery, but bungled entirely the depth of their feeling for the one who owned them; me. Confusing the nature of their passion for their submission. I don't think anyone could have made it clearer than Julia when she declared her devotion and love for me, to the point of being willing to give up Lisa if it meant holding on to me. I could not imagine two friends closer than they were, and if Julia would surrender that friendship for me, then I was an idiot for ever thinking she wanted something from her submission other than exactly what she was saying. She wanted to be owned and possessed by me. It was all that was important to her and as long as I understood that one fact, I could never misunderstand anything that was said, or done by her. I thought I believed her before. I knew I believed her now. 

When I asked her if she wanted to change places with Lisa and suck my cock, she said, "Nothing would please me more, Master," as if sucking my cock was the most important thing in her life at this moment. I pulled off the highway and slammed on the brakes. I was getting ready to tell Lisa to get in the back and I realized I was an idiot. To hell with a blow job, I wanted to fuck my slave in the worst possible way. 

"Lisa, you drive. I'm going to join Julia in the back." 

"Yes, Master." 

She smiled at me and climbed into the drivers seat when I vacated it for the back seat. 

"I'll drive carefully, Master." 

"You do that. No one's going to be wearing a seatbelt. Let us know if any police come near." 

Julia welcomed me with open arms, pulling me into a close embrace, raining kisses on my face and neck. Before Lisa pulled back on the highway, she had my zipper open and my cock pulled out. I was already hard, she didn't need to suck me at all. Rucking up her skirt, my cock slid right up her wet cunt. We didn't have a ton of room in the back seat, but I pulled her over so she straddled me. I had to bend my legs so I would fit, so she couldn't slide all the way down my pole, but she got far enough to make it worth our while. 

"Master, I'm going to cum soon," she moaned. 

"Not until I give you permission, slave." 

"I love you so much, sir," Julia whimpered. 

"I know you do. I finally understand how much. I love you too, slave." 

Julia tried to slow down, delay her orgasm, the wet, sloppy sounds of our fucking dwindling away to almost nothing. 

"Please let me cum, sir." 

"Not yet, my wonderful slave," I panted. 

Lisa passed a huge semi truck and he could look down in our back seat and see us, my cock plunging into Julia, her bare ass, and he blew a long note on his air horn. Julia orgasmed, writhing on my shaft, knowing she was being seen, unable to resist any more. I was startled too, though not so much I lost control, though her clinging cunt nearly did the job. 

"I'm so sorry, Master," she gasped. "I couldn't control myself anymore." 

"I know. I wanted an excuse to punish you." 

"Please punish me hard, sir. I want you to. As hard as you've ever punished me. Prove to yourself you own me and I will never belong to another." 

Julia was still pumping herself up and down my prick, riding out her orgasm. It felt so good. 

"I don't think it's necessary to do so, slave. It took awhile but you've finally managed to convince me." 

"Master, I don't just want you to know and understand on an intellectual level how much I belong to you. I want you to know it on an emotional level. I want you to believe it in a gut wrenching, stab in your heart, you can't believe it's happening, down to your DNA level. It's why I want you to brand me. If you do, you'll never again be able to disbelieve the depth of my devotion to you." 

I stopped fucking her. 

"I can't brand you," I said. "You're my wife. You're carrying our baby. The trauma could kill it even if I wanted to do it, which I don't." 

"Yes," Julia said, "you're my husband, but the bond I share for my Master is deeper than the one I have for my husband. You can divorce your wife, cast me aside, but even if you divorce me, I'll still be your slave. Your brand shows the world that. If you want to wait for the baby to be born, I'll wait, but I want to do this." 

"Julia, don't ask me again. I won't brand you." 

"Your wish is my command, Master." 

Good. Thinking about it was giving me a headache as well as a stomach ache. The very idea was nauseating. I resumed sliding into her. The next time Julia needed to cum, I let her. I already knew I'd be punishing her. More would be overkill. I orgasmed with her the third time she climaxed, sending my cum deep into her cunt. As soon as my pulses stopped, she dropped down to take my cock in her mouth, cleaning me off, before tucking my prick back in my pants. We finally put our seat belts on. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
"May I please have my collar now, Master?" 

"Yes, you may; and I'm sorry I didn't give it to you earlier." 

I took out the bag and took out the collar. 

"Bend your neck please," I said. 

She lowered her neck and pulled up her hair. The collar went around her neck with a solid locking click. 

"Master," she whispered, "I know you just orgasmed in me and I did three times, but if you were to touch me now, you wouldn't believe how wet I am." 

"You like your collar then?" 

"Yes, sir. Please put the bracelets on." 

I took them out and locked them on. She kissed me, then settled against my side. We were seated next to each other and she leaned her head against me, eventually falling asleep. 

"Lisa," I asked quietly, "when we get home, do you want to go home and think about your decision to accept my collar?" 

"No, Master. If we intend to discuss things soon to determine how best to do this, I have no need to stop now. If you decide not to speak of it, I might eventually have to consider my alternatives, and depending on what we decide, I may have to anyway, but for now, and the next few months, I'm perfectly content with how things are." 

"If I'm not going to flaunt your slavery, there's no reason for you not to play poker on Thursday. Do you want to play?" 

"Of course, sir. It was one of the most enjoyable parts of my week, pre-slavery. I'd like to continue playing." 

"Do you think it will be different playing with the boys now? Will they give you a hard time?" 

"They always gave me a hard time, sir, just because I was the only woman playing. I don't expect it to change because they've all fucked me. It might even get better. So much was teasing innuendo before. Not much innuendo required after it's happened." 

"I could say something to them if they get out of hand," I said. 

"Please don't, Master. I'm a big girl. I chose to do this and I can fight my own battles. Besides, I assume we're going to tell everyone I'm your marriage plus one. We'll be saying we're in a polyamorous relationship regardless of what they believe about my slavery. Insulting me would kind of be like insulting your wife. I don't expect the ribbing to be too bad as a consequence." 

"It will piss me off if it is." 

"Don't make too much of it, sir. The more people see something gets your goat, the more they want to tug on its beard. Let me handle it." 

"I wonder if Regina will continue playing?" I wondered aloud. 

"You mean without slaves to play for, and only for money, sir?" 

"Yes." 

"I don't know Master. We'll see if she shows up on Thursday." 

The rest of the drive was made in silence as I thought about everything leading up to this point. Obviously, we had to address the issues raised by everyone at Brianna's. They had already dealt with a number of these issues before and had excellent insights into the potential problems. They'd raised some good points about children and the effect of our relationship on kids, parents, and grandparents, once kids were involved. Lisa's and Julia's parents were pretty loosey goosey on whole sex outside of marriage thing, so I didn't think they'd have a problem with the three of us forming our own family unit. My parents had been more experimental than I'd ever expected, but letting Lisa join our marriage on a permanent basis would probably raise some eyebrows. I think they'd accept it as long as Julia didn't care. I knew they liked Lisa. That wasn't an issue. 

We'd already had a major meal today so I had Lisa swing through Wendy's for some dinner salads. Julia woke up to order hers, kissing me as she came awake. We grabbed the food and went home. As soon as they went through our door, their clothes came off and I stared again at the two incredible slaves I'd managed to acquire. Julia knelt on the floor at my feet. Lisa joined her. I looked down at them, my cock stirring again. I knelt myself in front of them. 

"My darling wife, Julia, the love of my life. I will gladly accept your submission to me and I promise to love and cherish you to the best of my ability, to be the best Master I can be and take you into my ownership as my beloved slave. I love you with all my heart." 

She prostrated herself, extending her arms in front of her, submitting. I ran a hand through her hair. "You are mine," I said. "Kneel again." She raised up, legs spread wide, sex visible, arms back, tits out and I kissed her, a slave's kiss, possessing her mouth as I now possessed the rest of her. As I did, I finger fucked her to orgasm until she was panting for me. I made her lick herself from my fingers. 

"Lisa, our friend, and now much more; lover, sister slave, submissive. I know we have a lot to discuss, so I will not ask of you your permanent submission at this time. I will ask if you're willing to accept my collar for the next two months. I will treat you as I treat my own wife, no better, no worse, for the duration of that time. I will love and cherish you behind only Julia and the child she now bears. You will be as dear to me as they are and I will consider you as co-slaves, neither with authority over the other. I promise to be the best Master I can and to love you as you deserve to be loved by those who care for you. Do you accept my collar for two months?" 

"With all my heart, Master." 

"Bow down," I said. 

Lisa prostrated herself as Julia had before her. "You are mine, slave. Please kneel again." 

When she did, I possessed her mouth as I had Julia, my fingers sliding through her wet slit until she moaned in orgasm as had her sister slave. After she licked her cum off my fingers, I said, "You may kiss each other, slaves, knowing you have joined yourselves to each other as you've bonded yourself to me." 

Their kiss was less demanding, but no less passionate than the one I took, their naked bodies pressed against each other. 

Giving them time to cement their relationship, I told them, "I would like to say we should probably celebrate this union with fucking all around, but I've cum six times today and I feel I might have one more fucking in me, but no more. How would you like to handle it? Julia?" 

"Master, it's Lisa's turn. You fucked me in the car, plus Zoe took good care of me this morning. You should fuck Lisa." 

"What do you think, Lisa?" 

"While I appreciate my fellow slaves generous offer. You are her husband and hers is the more permanent slavery. I believe you should fuck her in honor of the occasion." 

"It's nice to know my slaves can share and I won't be fought over all the time. It is time to eat, and Julia's turn to be fed. I shall ensure she takes pleasure in her feeding and I will fuck Lisa later while she pleasures my other slave. Who knows. Perhaps I have two more times left in me after all." 

"Thank you, Master," they both said. 

"Undress me," I ordered. 

"Of course, Master." "Right away, sir," my slaves said, springing to the task. 

I ended up feeding my beloved first slave, teasing her often during our supper, giving her two orgasms in the process. Each time she writhed in my arms, squirming delightfully in my lap. Panting heavily, she helped her fellow slave clean up, then led us to the bedroom and helped insert my cock into her sister slave's cunt, before lying down in front of Lisa with her legs splayed wide. While I fucked Lisa to five screaming orgasms, she licked Julia to four, Julia licking my cum out of her cunt and giving her a sixth, while Lisa licked me clean. After, we lay breathing heavily on the bed, well exhausted by our efforts, lightly touching and stroking whatever body part we could reach. 

"You know," I said. "A certain slave came without permission today in the car." 

"Yes, she did, sir," Julia said, grinning, "and disobedient slaves should be punished severely." 

She got up and procured 'The Enforcer', handing it to me before bending over my lap. "Whale away, sir. Punish me as you've never done before." 

I laughed and set the paddle down. "I want to use my hand and feel your tush grow warm under my loving touch, slave." 

"Whatever you say, Master. However, I remind you, Master Sam was the first one to punish me under my new slavery. He was quite masterful with his hand, leaving this slave unable to sit for awhile. If you don't want to be found lacking as a Master, I would suggest you put every effort into turning this slave into a crying bundle of tears." 

"A crying bundle of tears?" 

"Yes, sir. I want to have to sleep on my stomach I've been punished so thoroughly." 

"If you say so, slave." 

I proceeded to give her the hardest spanking I'd ever given her. She was sobbing after ten and I asked her if she wanted to say Alpha and have me stop. 

"No, Master. It's perfect. Please continue," she sniveled. 

Still I took a little mustard off, but she noticed and told me to hit her harder. I sighed and hit her as hard as I'd done before. After thirty swats, her buns were a deep, dark red. I was sure there might be some possible bruising. She got off my lap when I was finished, saw my cock was hard and said, "Fuck me, Master! Fuck me now!" She got on her hands and knees on the bed. 

To me, it looked like her ass had been tenderized and I couldn't imagine the pain she'd feel by my fucking her at this moment. Still, the delay made her impatient. She looked behind her, challenging me. 

"Fuck me, sir. Shove it up my ass if you want, but fuck me!" 

I wasn't going to fuck her ass, as red as it was, but I gingerly started to push into her pussy. Surprisingly, at least to me, she asked permission to cum. Hell, an orgasm would have to help the pain she might be in. I told her to cum. She did. Plus she orgasmed four minutes later, then eight minutes later, then thirteen minutes later. I finally orgasmed myself, but it was mostly for her. I doubt she got a thimble full of fluid from my balls the last time. She collapsed onto the bed and Lisa and I looked at each other, then her, sporting a flame red ass which had to hurt like a bitch. She sighed. 

"Perfect, absolutely perfect," Julia murmured. Then she curled up and went to sleep. 

Lisa and I took a shower and finally joined her, each of us lying on either side. Her ass was uncovered and the red had faded somewhat, so maybe it wasn't as bad as it looked. 

"What's going on, Master?" Lisa asked. "She wants to be branded?" 

"I'm not sure," I replied. "Can you sleep without covers? I don't want to pull anything over her yet; her bottom looks so sore." 

"I'll get closer if I need warmth. I'm sure I'll be fine." 

I went to sleep thinking about my slaves. 

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 23|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-23|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<em>Julia, Lisa and Scott develop rules to govern their relationship together. This chapter contains, oral sex, lesbian sex, anal sex, threesome sex and spanking in addition to good old fashioned fucking. No STD's in this particular fantasy world.</em> 

<strong>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 23 - Negotiating a Contract</strong> 

JULIA 

Master had to work in the morning and we sucked him off as we always did. I won his seed this morning, gratefully swallowing his release. Master told Lisa and I to begin writing down everything we wanted out of our slavery, our needs, desires, anticipated problems. He would do the same. After two days to think about all we expected, we'd discuss everything on Tuesday night and decide how we would work things out. Master would take the day off Wednesday, for my ultrasound. He reminded us not to discuss or confer about our lists as we made them, but strictly account for what we, as individuals, wanted out of our relationship. 

Lisa and I went to the gym after he left, letting it all percolate before we attempted to write things down. As much as I tried to concentrate only on what I wanted, thoughts and images of what the others might want kept popping up and I realized it would be difficult to be specific as to my own wants as I kept thinking of the others needs as well. A slave constantly desires to satisfy her Master's needs, it being an important part of her slavery, and I also wanted to ensure Lisa was satisfied with her slavery as well. But it was the purpose of the discussion needed to be about, because I was only guessing at what she might want out of her experience. 

As we exercised, I explained the dilemma I was experiencing, trying to separate myself from Master's and Lisa's needs. 

"I'm having the same difficulty," Lisa said. "I think I'm just going to write everything I'm feeling and thinking down, then look at the list again and start crossing off things more related to you and Master than me." 

"It sounds like a good plan. I might have to use it." 

We stopped on the way home for groceries so we wouldn't need to go out again, planning for supper. Stripping off when we got home, I realized how much I enjoyed being a naked slave. Could there be anything more freeing than slavery? I understood the contradiction in terms, but I felt more free as a slave than I did when not. We showered together, careful not to arouse each other as we didn't have permission to cum. After a quick salad, I took a notebook out on the patio by the pool and started writing. Lisa stayed inside at the dining room table, wanting to make sure the lists were our own and not a mishmash of each other's ideas. 

I started writing everything down, and I mean everything. What part did I see for Lisa in our life, in our child's life? Did I care if she wanted children and would I have a problem if her children were fathered by my husband? If she had children, what part would I want to play in theirs? Did I want her living in my house? Should she keep her own or sell it? How much did I really enjoy having sex with other people and did I want it to continue on some level? What about my Master? How upset would I be if he had sex with other women not named Lisa? How much sex did I want with other women, not named Lisa? Did I want more control over my own orgasms? Did I want to set limits on my punishment? If last night was any indication, I might even enjoy harsher punishments. 

What did I want to tell my parents, Scott's parents and Lisa's parents? Did I even care what they thought? It was my life after all, and I shouldn't try to live it through the expectations of others. Our king size bed was probably big enough for three, but the Alaskan King of Brianna's was fantastic, especially once I got king sized from the baby. A larger bed to sprawl around on might be nice. Something had to be done about sucking Master for clothes each day. I had no problems at all sucking him anymore, but clothes were clothes, and if I needed to go out, I'd need to wear them and didn't want to suffer without because he somehow got neglected in the morning, nor suffer punishment or humiliation later to earn sluttier versions of what I needed to wear to go shopping or out to dinner. This was no longer a three week experiment; this was the rest of my life. Obviously, I'd go naked most of the time around the house; I preferred it so, but what if we had guests. I imagined it would be uncomfortable being naked in front of any of our parents again, though as to others, I'd be willing to compromise. I believed Lisa and I should remain clothed and uncollared amongst the poker group, at least until they lost any expectations they might still harbor for sex with slaves. 

I'd filled about five pages front and back with my scribblings by the time we needed to prepare supper. I wondered how the others were doing. I wondered if Master had time to even work on a list while he was at work. 

****** 

SCOTT 

It was going to be a busy day today, the first day of the work week always was, but I'd thought of something while lying awake last night. I needed to talk to Zoe again. I sent a quick text to call me when she had a minute and she called five minutes later. 

"Hey, Master Scott, what's up? Trouble in paradise?" 

"No trouble, but I did think of a couple questions which need legal answers. Sam, Marcia and Chantelle told us we needed to start looking at the long term ramifications of our polyamorous relationship in regards to children, parents, or grandparents in the case of progeny, etc. What's California law state on the subject?" 

"California law doesn't address polyamory at all. Anything not addressed has no standing before the courts." 

"I was thinking of some types of legal protections for Lisa. What have we got?" 

"Bigamy or any type of polygamy is illegal in California, and every one of the other fifty states of the union, but that's defined by marriage, which usually involves a marriage certificate, or it could include common law marriages where those were established in another state where they're recognized. Common law marriage is not recognized by California unless it was established in some place like Colorado, where it is. You can't marry Lisa without first divorcing Julia, which I assume is out of the question." 

"Of course." 

"There's nothing prohibiting Lisa from living with you as long as you don't marry. Even having children with her is not illegal. But even if you go to some country where polygamy is legal, and marry Lisa, you're violating the law if you live in California, so forget about marriage. You can accomplish some protections, such as hospital visitations and other rights with things like power of attorney's or something similar, but essentially, third persons have no legal standings and are not entitled to things like equitable property division or parental rights to the children they've raised together. And only one of them can have a decision such as end of life issues like whether to pull the plug or not." 

"Shit! What would happen regards your child in the event you would split up with Brianna? Would she have any rights at all, and what about Sam?" 

"I'm not married to Brianna, only Monique is. Technically, Brianna would have no rights at all regarding the children. Sam, as the biological father, has more rights than Brianna, despite the fact she's taking financial responsibility for them. If you father children with Lisa, you maintain rights as a parent, but Julia has no rights at all. She could be fully immersed in their care and upbringing, but she doesn't necessarily qualify for visitation or any other rights regarding Lisa's children, though you could still have them." 

"What about wills or life insurance?" I asked. 

"A will would be followed if you have one and you can designate any beneficiary in a life insurance policy, so if you wanted assets to be split up that way, they can be, but if you were to die intestate, Lisa may not have any rights to property, although her children by you might." 

"I don't want that. If we're going to do this, I want to do it so we all have rights regarding property, children, assets, everything. What can I do?" 

"You could do a contract, spelling out certain things in the contract. Unless the contract is found to be illegal or unbinding, all the parties would be bound by the terms of the contract, regardless of the state of their relationship." 

"Okay. Can you work on a contract and a will for me?" 

"I'm sure Mistress would give me permission, Master Scott, but I may need to research this further. It will take longer than the paperwork I just completed." 

"I understand. Lisa's committed herself for two months, but I'm sure she'd extend it for a good purpose such as this." 

"Two months is plenty of time, sir. I should have it done in a month." 

"I'd like to ceremonially establish a commitment between us. Since we can't get married, do you have any suggestions?" 

"When Mistress married Monique, it changed the relationship she had with all her other slaves, effectively saying Monique was the most important, but she can't, by law, marry anyone else, so to memorialize and commemorate the bond she had with all of her other slaves, Mistress had a bonding ceremony. I understand Master Sam, Marcia and Chantelle also had one. It was private, so I don't know what it consisted of, but you could ask them. I think it would be a wonderful gesture if you both would do the same with Lisa." 

"Thanks for all your help, Zoe." 

"I owed you for monopolizing your slave all morning yesterday, sir. I want to thank you so much for the opportunity. It's not every ex-boyfriend who would let you have sex with their wife. I enjoyed her company. She's very sweet." 

"In the personality sense or the taste of her cunt sense?" 

Zoe laughed. "Both, Master Scott. Both." 

"I'll tell her you said so. She said it was part of the thrill she got from having sex with you. That you were the previous love of my life and we'd made love before she and I met." 

"It was part of the thrill for me too; her being married to you. It was quite a rush. We'll talk later. Goodbye, Master Scott." 

I texted Sam, sending a picture of the bondage furniture he'd requested and asked about the bonding ceremony he had with Marcia and Chantelle. He texted back he could tell me what it consisted of, but it would be better if we spoke from the heart, rather than use someone else's words. A wise man, Master Sam. 

I gave Jerry the paperwork for the sale of the company; told him to spend the next couple days looking it over, let an attorney take a look, and we'd talk next week. I'd answer any questions he might have and give him Zoe's number in case his attorney or he had questions for her. The rest of the day I devoted to work, so I was behind the eight ball when it came to working on my list, but I thought I'd dealt with the most important parts of what I hoped to accomplish in our new relationship. 

My slaves had a nice dinner prepared, grilled petite fillet steaks, baked potatoes with all the fixings, wok fried green beans with lemon. They both offered to suck my cock when I got home, but I said I'd like to eat first as I'd skipped lunch and then work on my lists. I didn't even feed one of them, wishing to get on task quickly. 

"Master, surely I don't need to remind you your slaves haven't cum yet today and we get surly if not pleasured at rather frequent intervals," Julia said. 

"I understand, so if you want to pleasure each other after clean up, I have no objection. You may cum as often as you wish." 

"You do understand we're in this relationship primarily for dick and not pussy, right Master?" Lisa asked. 

I laughed. "I do understand, but this is important and I'm doing you both a disservice if I neglect my responsibility to think about it as diligently as you have. You can always use a strap-on." 

"It's not the same, Master," Julia replied, "but we do appreciate you need to work on this. If we should happen to fall asleep before you come to bed, please wake us both up and fuck hell out of us." 

"Who's the Master?" I asked. 

"You, sir," Julia replied. 

"I'll do what I want, when I want." 

"Of course, sir. My apologies for assuming otherwise. I did say please." 

"I'll think about it," I said. 

Of course I would fuck hell out of them. It was beside the point. Boundaries had to be established. 

"Thank you, Master," Julia said, smiling sweetly at me. She knew I was going to fuck them. I'd be a fool not to. 

We had a pleasant meal and while they cleaned up afterward, I started working on my list. I sat down in my office and started writing. What were the things I wanted? The relationship had to be fair. Everyone had to benefit from it. I was the dominant and could expect them to do as I wanted, but they needed to have their needs met. It would be good looking at their lists when tomorrow evening arrived so I could be certain of what their needs were, but we needed to be equal partners as far as everything else went. Equal in terms of child care and tending. Equal in responsibilities. If Lisa was going to move in, she didn't need her house anymore. She could sell it and bank the proceeds for her. I'm sure her ex, Jack, would love to stop paying alimony, but if she wasn't getting married anymore, he'd always be paying. To be totally fair, I should take financial responsibility for her and let Jack off the hook. She was just one person at the moment, but if she wanted children, there'd be others. I was willing to give Lisa children if she wanted them, but Julia would have the ultimate say in that. She was my wife and my marriage was the prime consideration for me, more so than the slavery/Master gig. 

So, the bondage furniture business. I was thinking of handling it the way Brianna ran hers. The money could be used to help support two slaves and offspring and money set aside for the future in the event Lisa or Julia ever wanted to leave. I hoped not. I could not imagine a life without Julia. I loved Lisa, but I could not imagine a bond with her as close as the one I currently had with Julia. On the other hand, Sam seemed to have one with his two slaves, so there was no telling what the future held. 

What did I want? Essentially, I had what I wanted, a wife, a child, another lover I'd be sharing with my wife. Neither of them would I have to share with anyone else unless I wanted to. I could have sex with either of them whenever and wherever I wanted without problems, any type of sex I wanted, and it wasn't just the sex. It was the love, the devotion, the desire to be pleasing. Any one who'd ever laughed at the idea of having a sex slave didn't understand what it meant. Sure, taking someone against their will was wrong and people who did it should be shot, but these two women were volunteering for the job and enjoying themselves in the process. Still, I wrote down all the things I hoped to enjoy with them. 

When I went to the bedroom, both of them were asleep, wrapped in each others arms, dried girl cum around their faces. I undressed, brushed my teeth and slipped into bed behind Julia. I already had an erection. I spooned her and she stirred. 

"Hello, Master. Is that for me?" 

I kissed her neck. "We only have time to do this once," I said. "Another day at work tomorrow." 

"Fuck us both, sir, but cum in Lisa. I was the last one you fucked last night." 

"Is it all right if I start in you?" 

"Yes, Master," she said, lifting her leg, opening herself for me. "I'd be disappointed if you didn't." 

"You can cum any time you're ready," I whispered. 

Easily sliding into her wetness, I started playing with her breasts and kissing the back of her neck, which always gave her goose bumps. She moaned. Lisa woke up. 

"Good evening, Master. About time you joined us," Lisa said, sleepily. "It's not the same without you." 

"Why don't you take the front of her body while I take the rear, Lisa. When she's had an orgasm, I'll finish in you." 

"Of course, sir." 

She kissed Julia's lips then started sliding lower. Since my hands were occupying Julia's breasts, she drifted further South, trailing kisses along her stomach, over her mons, before settling on her clit. 

"Not too fast," I warned. "We have a little time." 

Lisa nodded, and she carefully monitored Julia's moans, twitches and wriggling to ensure she took it slow. When my fucking started to make Julia pant uncontrollably, Lisa latched onto Julia's clit and sent her over the edge. 

"Oh, God, I love this," Julia screamed, cumming wildly and sending another spate of cum onto Lisa's lips. "It's so fucking wonderful." 

Her hips were bucking toward Lisa's mouth, not enough for me to come out of her, but enough to make it interesting. I continued thrusting through the end of her orgasm, dragging it out for her. 

When it finally ended and the last few tremors had exhausted themselves, she said, "Now, Master, fuck Lisa." She rolled away from me, freeing my cock from her cunt and pushed Lisa's legs apart. I got between her legs. Lisa was as wet as Julia had been and I slammed into her, rocking her body. 

"Oh, fuck, Master!" She exclaimed, wrapping her legs around my ass. "Fuck me! Fuck me hard!" 

Lisa clung to me as if she were trying to shove my entire body up her cunt. Wasn't going to happen, believe me. She was too tight. As I pounded her, Julia kissed her and I heard her whispering to Lisa. 

"Do you like fucking my husband, having his big cock punishing your cunt?" 

"Yes," Lisa moaned, "I love it. I love it." 

"Do you like him fucking your ass, slave?" 

"I do," she moaned. "I love your husband fucking my ass." 

"Beg him to fuck your ass, Lisa. Beg him to shove his cock right up your ass. I'm sure he'll do it. He loves a tight ass like yours." 

Lisa moaned again. "Master, please fuck your slave's ass. Fuck my ass, sir." 

"Sex position," I ordered. I pulled out and gave her room and she assumed the position with her ass up off the bed and her arms crossed before her prostrate head. "Hold her hands down, Julia." 

"Yes, Master." 

I slid into her pussy a couple more times to make sure I was thoroughly lubricated, then put my prick against her puckered star and pushed against her resistance, the ringed muscle parting before my assault and sliding into her back door. 

"Oh, fuck!" Lisa moaned. "It hurts so good." 

Slowing down, I didn't thrust nearly as fast and hard as I'd ravaged her cunt. 

"He's fucking your ass, Lisa. Your Master is fucking your ass. Thank your Master." 

"Thank you, Master for fucking my ass, sir. Oh, yes, thank you." 

"Are you going to cum, slave," Julia whispered. "Is my husband going to make his slutty slave cum fucking her ass." 

"Yes. He's going to make me cum." She pushed back against me, trying to drive me deeper. "Please let your slave cum, Master." 

"Not yet, slave. Wait for me," I ordered. 

"Hurry sir. I can't wait much longer," Lisa whimpered. 

"You'll wait as long as need be." 

She groaned, deep and gravelly, from the base of her diaphragm. "Oh, please, sir. Let me cum." 

"Hold it," I warned. 

I hadn't orgasmed since my morning blow job, so I wouldn't last much longer. A half dozen more strokes deep in her bum and my churning balls sent a flood of cum into her bottom. "Cum now, slave," I ordered and she was quaked with a powerful orgasm making her shudder uncontrollably. The grip of her rectum was exquisite on my pumping shaft. 

"Fill her full of cum, Master," Julia said, "so full it leaks out of her ass for a week." 

I didn't know how much cum that would take, but I doubted my balls held enough to do the job. She might leak for the next day, however. Julia released Lisa's hands and kissed me. "I love you, Master." 

I waited for all the pulsing to stop before pulling out. A small trail of cum following my cock, a string of it running from the head of my cock to her ass. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"If we'd cleansed her ass, I'd be sucking your cock and her asshole, Master. As it is, I guess a washcloth will have to do." 

Julia got up and soon returned with a warm washcloth, carefully cleaning us both. I told Lisa she could relax and she settled onto her belly. 

"Just perfect," Lisa whispered. "Thank you, Julia, for sharing your husband." 

"Thank you for fucking him so nicely. From the look on his face, he enjoyed himself immensely." 

"I did. I couldn't ask for anything more than I have right now," I chuckled. 

"Remember that if you see any other cute slaves you'd like to fuck, sir," Julia said. "We're more than enough for you to handle." 

"You certainly are," I laughed. "Any more might kill me." 

"I'd like a cuddle now, please, sir," Julia said. 

"Me too," Lisa added. 

Hey, I'm a big guy with two healthy arms. I lay down between them and pulled them in tight, kissing both of them. Julia pulled the covers over all of us and that's the way we went to sleep. 

****** 

JULIA 

We shared Master in the morning before he went to work, Lisa collecting his offering today. We went to sleep for another hour afterwards as we didn't have to go to the gym today, which saved us traffic time. After came yoga and laps, and a light lunch, then back to the lists again. I took the kitchen table today, Lisa took the couch. By three, I'd pretty much finished my list except for one thing. I wanted Master to brand me. He told me he didn't want me to ask him about it anymore, but this was my fucking list, what I wanted in this relationship, and I wanted to be branded. If it's what I wanted, I was going to put it down and he could shoot it down or not, but it was going in there. Monique had mentioned some websites where it was talked about and a YouTube video of a guy getting branded with a cauterizing tool. 

I looked up the information, finding out everything I could about it. Actually branding seemed to be fairly common anymore. Not as popular as tattooing, but more and more people were doing it, and most were not submissive. They were doing it as a form of body decoration. I watched the video and it showed a previously tattooed fellow getting his brand on his leg. When it was finished, he said the pain was different from a tattoo, but no worse, just different. You weren't capable of the fine design work of a tattoo, more like a general outline, but I didn't want a picture. I wanted something to show my ownership by Scott. I wrote down the information so Master could check it out himself if he didn't dismiss it out of hand. I also made a mental note to speak to my obstetrician tomorrow. If she didn't have an issue with it, it would be harder for Master to write it off. 

Since we had to talk tonight, we cut up the leftover steak from last night and put it in a salad. Easy to eat and clean up afterward. Master got home at quarter after six. We offered to suck his cock, but Master said we had a lot to do today, and he'd prefer to get on with it. Sex could wait until afterward. 

"Master, your slaves haven't cum since last night. We are becoming quite desperate." 

"Fine, you may each masturbate to orgasm three times during supper. I'll need one hour after eating to finish up my stuff. We'll begin our meeting at eight. Good?" 

"Yes, Master. Fine. But there had better be some fucking tonight," Julia said. 

"And what did I say last night about my slaves trying to decide when and where we have sex. For that, you may reduce your number of orgasms by one. If you have more to say, it won't be any." 

I gave Master a look which could peel paint, but quickly said, "Yes, Master." 

"I'm sorry, but we need to get this done and we have an important reason for doing so." 

"What would that be, Master?" 

"Your ultrasound is tomorrow. I believe Lisa should come with us and be involved in all baby activities from now on, but this is a decision involving all of us and it should be made tonight before the appointment." 

"You want me to come to the ultrasound tomorrow, Master?" Lisa asked. 

"I think it's appropriate. I think we should be a full blown family, but it's not solely up to me. This is why decisions need to be made." 

"I'm sorry, Master. I wasn't thinking," I said. "You're right, of course, and I agree. Lisa should attend with us. I apologize to you both. We need to get this over with." 

"I'm also giving you a quick spanking of six swats, three per cheek. You need to stop questioning my decisions." 

"Yes, Master. Right now, or later?" 

"Right now. I want you uncomfortable eating," Master said. 

So I placed myself over his knees and he gave me six of the hardest spanks I've ever received. Harder than the one Sunday night, though far fewer. Then he told me to sit down and it was extremely painful, and I ended up rocking from one side to the other, trying to avoid putting my weight on both. Lisa served us all. Master told me my orgasms might help with the hell I'd experienced on my bum, so I spent the first part of my supper cumming as quickly as possible. Whether from the time passed or the orgasms, I was able to sit more comfortably after my climaxes. Lisa ate first before she masturbated, licking her fingers off afterward. Master ate quickly, then disappeared into his home office again while we cleaned up. Then we got our own lists and waited for him on the couch, a much softer surface for my pained posterior. 

****** 

SCOTT 

I went to my office, mostly to touch up what I'd put together. I know this was supposed to be what I wanted out of this relationship, but I couldn't separate my responsibilities as owner of two delicious slaves from simple wants and needs, most of which seemed well satisfied anyway as long as it continued. It didn't take too long. 

I found my slaves waiting for me on the couch. Before we started, I asked them if they wished to have a drink and I would make them. 

Julia said, "A cup of hot tea for me, Master. No alcohol, remember?" 

"Of course, thanks for reminding me, Julia. Lisa, what would you like?" 

"I should have tea in sympathy with my sister slave, Master, but I'm so nervous. Can I have a glass of wine?" 

"Of course. I'll have wine too." 

I made a pot of tea and opened a bottle, bringing them to the living room and sitting on the couch with them, pouring their beverages and handing them a glass with their choice. Lisa took two quick swallows. 

"Lisa why don't you start as the relatively new outsider to this relationship, and we'll question and comment as we go along. Circle everything we all agree on, put a box around anything two out of three agree on, cross off anything two people can't agree on. Agreed?" 

"Yes, Master." She cleared her throat. "I want to be a full time member of this relationship. I'd like to move in permanently. I know you're married to each other, but as much as can be expected, I want to be a part of your lives." 

"What say you, Julia?" I asked. 

"I agree whole heartedly, Master. She should be a full member of our lives together." She squeezed Lisa's hand. 

"You may circle this item, Lisa, as I'm also in total agreement. From now on, you'll be a full partner in our relationship, as much as the law allows. I talked to Zoe about this. No state of the union allows bigamy. Neither I nor Julia can marry you while we're married to each other. There's nothing prohibiting you from living with us forever. It's even possible to have children with you without violating the law. My suggestion would be to sell your house, put the money into an account for you alone, but giving us certain rights to the money if you become incapacitated or die. It would have to be a joint survivorship account so it doesn't have to go through probate as a will, where it will get taxed again. Because we can't marry you, you don't have the rights Julia has as my spouse, but I'm willing to make you a beneficiary of my will and life insurance, and sign a contract expressly giving you some rights. Hopefully, the contract will consist of some of what we decide here tonight. We'll make you a signatory on our checking and savings accounts. Since it's unlikely you'll get married as my slave, I think I should take responsibility for your upkeep and tell Jack he's off the hook for further alimony." 

"You've already thought of this, Master?" Lisa asked. 

"Of course, Lisa. You're both my beloved slaves. You should be treated as such, as much as we can. Zoe mentioned Brianna had a bonding ceremony with her slaves after she married Monique to memorialize her continuing commitment to them. I understand Sam, Marcia and Brianna did the same after they became a throuple. I'd like to do the same with you both." 

"A throuple, Master?" Julia asked. 

"It's a term that's sprung up in polyamorous relationship involving three people, a three person couple, or throuple. It's essentially three couple relationships, one to each of you and one to each other." They looked at each other. "I don't expect you to use the term, but it's quite descriptive in a short word. What's next?" 

"Children," Lisa said. "I'd like to be a full partner in raising your children; I'd like to have my own, and I'd fully expect both of you to be a full partner in their upbringing. I know it's a lot to ask, Julia, but I really want a child or two of my own." 

"I'm willing for Scott to give you children, Lisa. In for a penny, in for a pound. If I'm going to share his cock, I should be willing to share his seed. It sounds as if it wouldn't be a problem with California Law, so I'm all in. Master?" 

"Circle that one as well, Lisa. We're all in agreement." 

"I was so worried," Lisa said. "I distressed about this the most, wondering if I was asking too much." 

"I would only have one restriction on children," I said. "Don't all get pregnant at once. Spread it out a little. You can decide between yourselves who gets a bun in the oven when, but let's not overburden ourselves with multiple rug rats at once. The contract will also spell out visitation rights with mutual children. I always have some as the father, but you two could conceivably lose rights to the others children. By contractualizing it, hopefully it never becomes a problem." 

"You've already started a lot of work in formalizing this, Master. I'm impressed. Lisa should get the next baby, and maybe two if she wants them, because she's older, but I'd like two as well," Julia said before kissing her sister slave. 

"I have no problem with four or five kids," I said. "We can discuss more once we know what we're getting into. But speaking about kids brings up another point. I'm selling part of my business to Jerry. You two want to run a bondage furniture business. If I'm going to add Julia and multiple children, I think we should run the bondage business like Brianna does. Mistress Dark takes what she takes for selling, and the supplies come out of the balance. I keep 50% of the profits for supporting two slaves and children. The remainder goes into investment accounts for you two. If, and I use the word with great regret, if something should happen to our happy relationship and it breaks down, you have the money set aside from the business to set yourself up. Lisa, you'd also have the money from the sale of your home, and Julia, you'd also get community property assets if we divorce, which could include our home. If we truly work on this, hopefully it will never happen, but we are doing something new for all three of us and I don't want to make assumptions as to how well it works. Would you agree?" 

"I don't see any problem with that arrangement, sir. It's prudent and financially sound," Julia said. "If you agree Lisa, circle it, else box it. What else, Lisa?" 

"I want everyone to know we consider ourselves a 'throuple', was it? Our parents and friends should all know we're doing this and establish ourselves as such." 

"I don't care if the whole world knows. You can stick it on your FaceBook page if you want, Lisa. I'd leave off the slavery details, but we can definitely be an item," Julia said. 

"Agreed, circle away," I said. 

"In light of that, I'd like to do everything together as a throuple. Go out to dinner, the beach, vacations, everything except when someone is working or ill," Lisa added. 

"I'm willing to do so as long as it's just us," I replied, "but I'd like to make a suggestion about having kids. Lots of times, some romance is lost in the hustle bustle of raising them. Since there are three of us; once children are born; what I'd like to do is have one person stay home with the kids on a Friday or Saturday night, while two of us had a date once a week. Julia and I would go out one week while Lisa watches the brood, Lisa and I would go out one week while Julia watches the kids, and you two slaves would go out one week while I watch the little ragamuffins. Everyone gets a chance to romance everyone else, to keep their romantic bonds alive. Then once a month, we'd hire a baby sitter and go out as a throuple." 

"I'm with Master on this, Lisa. His is the better idea." 

"It is. He is the romantic among us. I will change my list to conform to his suggestion and circle it. That's really all I had. They were all big asks on my part as I'm jumping into your marriage." 

"Remember, it's been suggested to us, this is not holy writ," I reminded them. "It should be a living document we should be able to change. We need to keep expressing our thoughts and desires to each other and make changes and modifications as needed. Julia, what would you like to add?" 

"I had all the items Lisa had in one form or another, and I'm perfectly content to go with her versions for now. There are a few other items I'd like to add, though not necessarily all contractually." 

"We're listening," I said. 

"I think every slave Master has sex with is worthy of having sex with us and vice versa. They don't have to happen all at the same time. Master will be in control of our sexuality and I will stop arguing with him regarding this control as I did tonight. If he doesn't want me to orgasm for a week, that is his prerogative and I'm willing to abide by his decisions. But, I do feel some equality needs to be maintained in regards to sex to avoid resentment festering. So if a slave is good enough for Master to fuck, she should be good enough for us." 

"I would tend to agree with Julia, Master. If it's going to be a communal thing, then what's good for the gander should be good for the geese. The times and locations should remain under his control." 

"I can agree with that. You may circle it. We may not always have sex with them at the same time for whatever reason, but once I've fucked someone, they should be available to you too." 

"This specifically includes your old girlfriend, Master. Zoe is a slave and available to fuck if her Mistress allows it. I want to fuck her too, if you do. I know you had a romantic relationship previously and despite being a lesbian, she's shown a willingness to accept cocks for specific purposes. If she wants yours, we, as your slaves, should be present and participating on a somewhat regular basis." 

"I don't anticipate much of it since she lives 3-4 or more hours away." 

"She's doing a contract and other paperwork. It's not beyond the realm of probability we'll meet again. I'd certainly like to get together again just to visit after we've all had our children. I enjoy her company, and I don't mean just sexually. I consider her a friend." 

"I understand. What else?" 

"I know sharing your slaves with men is not in your plans for the future, Master, and I have no problem with it if you don't. But if things should change and you consider it again, I want you to give it a week of deep thought from the time you talk to us about it before making any decision. I know you have nothing to fear from it, but I'm not sure you understand as well as you should. If you think about it a week and still want to do it, I'm game, but otherwise I'll say Alpha. You are more important to me than anyone. Until you know it in your heart, I'm refusing any other men." 

"I would agree with Julia, Master," Lisa said. "We're both satisfied with you as our Master and don't need other men, but it's your choice to share us and if you should choose, you should think long and hard about it before doing so." 

"I don't see too much of a problem with this. I'm not planning on sharing you with any other male." 

"You said yourself our relationship is not engraved in stone like the Ten Commandments and is subject to change. Sam doesn't like sharing his wife with men either, yet by his own admission, has shared his wife with two and half men. I want to allow for the possibility of change, should you, as our Master, want to change it." 

"Circle it then. I'll agree and so does Lisa. What else have you got?" 

"I'd like to get an Alaskan king sized bed like Brianna. Not only does it comfortably allow for four people, I'm going to take up more space the deeper I go into pregnancy, plus if we're going to sell our bondage furniture due to the baby, I'd like you to design a bed frame which we can secretly use as bondage furniture." 

"I would agree to that. Brianna was wishing for the same type of furniture. There might be business sales opportunities in doing so. Lisa, what say you?" 

"Circle it, Julia. Even if we never used it, which I don't foresee happening, it might be good for the business." 

"Next, I want to stop sucking Master every day for clothes. It was a good way to teach me to swallow every day, but that's no longer an issue. As Master, you can still require us to suck your cock every morning and I have no objection to that. Our clothes should not be dependent on it. As your slaves, we know your taste in slave clothing. Let us wear what's appropriate for the tasks at hand, shopping, having company, without having to earn it. I don't want my shopping to be dependent on how tired I am in the morning. Master may always change the clothing we wear, but if he's got no problems with our attire, leave it alone. As Master is reluctant to share his slaves services, we should dress appropriately to every occasion he doesn't want to flaunt our slave status, which may include wearing underwear, like to the gym. We can still make sure we're instantly available when Master is around to use us." 

"I want to agree with Julia's suggestion, sir. I'm willing to suck you every day, but for the most part, leave our clothing up to us, so we may dress appropriately for any need. I know you like us naked around the house, which we both love, so I don't anticipate our nudity at home changing except for company." 

"Circle it. I'm willing to abide by this suggestion." 

"No more fucking Lisa's parents or her fucking mine. I wouldn't normally anticipate your willingness to do so, but if we're doing this relationship as we expect, they're going to feel more like in-laws, not neighbors parents. I won't fuck yours, so I shouldn't have to fuck hers either, nor should she ever have sex with yours. You can't marry Lisa, but your parents become her children's grandparents, so no fucking way." 

"I wasn't planning on it, but it should be written down. Lisa, I'm assuming you agree as well." 

"Yes, Master. Julia can circle that one." 

"As long as Master remains unwilling to share his slaves with men, Lisa and I should remain clothed and uncollared around the poker group until such time as they no longer have expectations of sex with your slaves. Depending on our attire, this may include underwear. I do not want to flaunt my slave status around people who have previously fucked us, so they don't take liberties Master is unwilling to grant. I want Master to know I intend to comply with his desires for us to remain solely his, and it will be easier not serving others as naked, collared slaves." 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"Sam and Marcia said the same thing," I said. "I would agree to this that until we all agree we no longer anticipate problems with the poker group, you remain clothed and without collars." 

"Circle it, Julia," Lisa said. 

"I only have one more item on my list, sir, and I know you've told me not to ask anymore, but this is my list and I want it on here. I would still like to be branded, Master, as your slave. It would not be a cattle type brand, sir. It's done with a surgical cauterizing tool. It apparently hurts no worse than a tattoo. I've listed websites where the topic of branding is discussed, including medical websites which discusses general scarification. I've got a YouTube video of a man undergoing the procedure who says it hurt differently from, but no worse than the tattoos he's had. I will also speak to the OB about it tomorrow to ensure there are no consequences to our baby. If you remain adamantly opposed to branding, I would be willing to consider a tattoo, but I want this, Master." 

"Why?" 

"Yes, Julia, why?" Lisa asked. 

"There is nothing else I can do to show my Master in a more permanent way that I am completely and utterly his. I'm not entering into a lifetime of slavery for sex with others. I'm entering it because I love and find myself totally submissive to my one true Master, not only my dominant, but everything else in the world to me, husband, father of my children, lover, friend, giver of the greatest gift anyone has ever given me, his love and my slavery. Despite knowing how awful it would be for him, he shared me with others to offer what he believed I wanted. I know of no one else who would have made the sacrifice he did. I want to show him how devoted I am to him and him alone." 

"What do you think, Lisa?" 

"Unless you wanted me to be branded as she wants to be, I don't see this as affecting me, sir. I understand her viewpoint, but I admit I'd be scared to do the same. I'd be willing to look at the information she has to consider it for myself, but I'm more inclined to a tattoo than branding, even if the pain is similar. I think tattoos are prettier for one. I'd probably wait for a year to see how this goes before I got one identifying me as your slave, sir. You were correct in saying this is new to all of us and we didn't know what would happen, but I can see knowing with more certainty if it's going to work in a year." 

"I think a tattoo could be lovelier as well. I'm more inclined to grant that request, and would even consider joint tattoos for all of us in a year to further cement our relationship. As for a brand, I'll look at the information you put together, but make no promises." 

"Thank you for considering it, Master. That's all I have. Do you have more for us?" 

"Actually, I believe all of my items were covered by you two, and what I said in addition to what you had. Selling Lisa's house, moving in, becoming a throuple, sharing everything, handling finances, the nights out. I really want a bonding ceremony, perhaps at the time we sign the contract. Think about what you want to say to one another at the ceremony. If everyone is in agreement about the circled items, give them to me and I'll combine them together, send them to Zoe, so she can look at adding them to the contract, power of attorney or whatever we need. After our ultrasound appointment tomorrow, we'll go to Wells Fargo and have Lisa added to the savings and checking account so she can buy things we need, do grocery shopping, whatever. Tomorrow night, we'll inform the parents of our new status and let Jack know he can stop paying alimony beginning with his next check. Does this sound agreeable to everyone?" 

"Master, I think the bonding ceremony should be performed in front of others," Julia said. "Our parents, perhaps our friends, which means we can't be naked for it, but I'm okay with that. Perhaps we should go to supper at Luigi's afterward, or even hold the ceremony there." 

"Do you agree, Lisa?" 

"Yes, Master, almost like a wedding." 

"Done. Perhaps some suggestive clothes, but nothing too revealing, and your finest slave jewelry." 

"Perhaps Master could have Master jewelry done. A necklace with a whip attached to it with an M for Master," Julia said. 

"I'll ask about it when I send this to Zoe. Please give me your lists and I'll type them up and send them off." 

They both gave me their lists. 

"You may go to bed now if you wish. You may give each other two orgasms. I shall be to bed shortly. I shall only fuck Lisa tonight because Julia attempted to control her Master earlier." 

"I apologize, Master. It was improper of me. It won't happen again." 

"Understanding you're a needy sex slave, you're still my sex slave and subject to my wishes, not yours," I said. 

"Yes, Master," she lowered her head. "I understand." 

While they went to bed, I did my best to place our consolidated lists in some type of order, nicely typed. I sent them to Zoe and asked her to try to incorporate what she could in any contract, or perhaps an attached Memorandum of Understanding, Power of Attorney, Will or whatever else she could think of to reflect our commitment to one another. I also told her I'd be interested in any Master jewelry they carried and asked if she had a catalog I could peruse to find what I was looking for. 

****** 

JULIA 

I was disappointed I would not be getting Master's cock tonight. It was improper of me to demand sex as his slave and I was paying the price for it. Lisa commiserated with me on the topic and gave me two lovely orgasms with her tongue before Master came to bed. It would have to do. It took Master around ninety minutes to finish up. He came to bed after. We removed his clothes, took turns sucking him until he was hard and then I helped him put his cock in Lisa's cunt and watched them fuck. She had three wonderful orgasms on his prick before Master deposited his cum in her. Sometimes, the life of a slave is hard when a slave has disappointed her Master. I cleaned them both off, tasting their cum on both. Master let me sleep between the two of them, and they both slept with their arms curled around me. It took a while for me to fall asleep I was still so desperate to be filled by Master's cock, but eventually I slept, secure in their arms. 

Master tried to make it up to me the next morning, and I would have gladly taken him up on his offer if I didn't have an appointment with my obstetrician today. I'd feel sleazy seeing her with Master's cum in me, so he brought me off with his tongue twice, which was considerate of him. When Lisa and I sucked him, I received his gift, which made me feel better. We had time for a nice breakfast together before we had to go to our appointment. Master fed me, which I also appreciated, but no time to make me orgasm again, and honestly, would a cunt full of my cum be better than one of his. 

Since this was a professional visit, both Lisa and I wore underwear for the second time in a week. When the nurse called me back for the ultrasound, all three of us went with her. She tried to protest, but Master said he'd discuss it with the doctor and so Lisa came with us. The nurse took my blood pressure, temperature, and gave me the flimsy little gown that opened in the back. 

"Are you sure you wouldn't like more privacy to change into your gown, Mrs. Rivers?" 

"I'm perfectly comfortable undressing in front of Lisa," I said. "She shares a bed with my husband and I." 

She looked at me like I suddenly grew a second head. "Excuse me!" 

Master said, "We're in a polyamorous relationship. We all sleep with one another. Ms. McManus will be like the child's second mother." 

The nurse couldn't get out of the room fast enough. I admit it was a little on the strange side, but we couldn't have been the first people to ever have one of these relationships. They were making movies and tv shows about it now. Perhaps we were going to be more open about it than most, but it couldn't be the first time she'd run across one. I sat down on the table and Master took my left hand and Lisa my right and we waited for the doctor. 

When the doctor came in, the nurse stood against the far wall like we were contagious, for God's sake. 

"Hello, I'm Doctor Dorothy Sturgis and I'll be delivering your baby unless I'm on vacation when the baby comes due. How are you feeling today?" 

"Fine, Doctor. Doing well." 

"Taking care of yourself and the baby?" 

"Yes." 

"My nurse tells me you folks have an unconventional relationship." She glanced quickly at Lisa. 

"Yes, this is my husband, Scott, and our mutual lover, Lisa McManus." 

"Scott, Lisa," Doctor Sturgis said. "Good to meet you. How's this working out for you?" 

"It's fairly early in our relationship," Master said, "a little more than three weeks, but we've been friends for years. I have every expectation it will work out well." 

"We've got a list of items to look out for during your pregnancy, some maternity vitamins for you to take. In the meanwhile, why don't you lie up here on the table and let's see what we can see, shall we?" 

I lay down and the doctor smeared some gel on my stomach, still pretty flat, then wheeled the sonogram machine over to the table. Lisa had to give way to give her room, but she moved to Master's side, and took his other hand. The doctor turned everything on and ran the metal head of the sonograph head over my abdomen. We were all staring at a large TV screen and then all of a sudden, there was this tiny little flutter on the tube. 

"That's the baby and baby's heartbeat," Doctor Sturgis said. Master squeezed my hand. 

"How big is it now, Doctor?" Master asked. 

"Roughly an inch long, still very tiny, but beginning to grow organs, limbs, and the face begins developing features. I'll print out a copy of this to take home." 

Master looked down at me with such love in his eyes. "Our baby, my love. I can't thank you enough for this." Lisa stroked my hair, smiling at me. "Doctor, since Lisa is going to be a full partner to both of us from now on, we'd like her to be with on any subsequent visits, notified as if she were me, and present in the delivery room." 

"We might require some additional paperwork, HIPAA warnings or whatnot, but I'm sure we can accommodate you." 

"Are we the first ones to come in here with this type of relationship, Doctor Sturgis?" I asked. 

"I suspect the first to be so blunt about it, though not the only ones I suspect," the doctor laughed. "We've seen a bit of everything. Nurse Jones will give you everything you need to bring home with you. Make sure you read it all. They offer birthing classes here at the clinic." She was wiping the gel off my stomach as she spoke. 

"Doctor, I'd like a moment alone with you if I could," I said. 

"Of course. Please excuse us. Nurse, escort the others to the waiting room." 

She waited until everyone was gone. "Are you really doing okay?" Doctor Sturgis asked. 

"Yes," I replied. "Better than you'd believe." 

"I wondered because you're going to be gaining weight and feeling ugly and ungainly anyway, and with your husband having sex with another woman, I thought you might be feeling insecure and unloved." 

"No, Doctor Sturgis. That part of my life is incredible. As you might imagine with two lovers, my sex life is very rich and rewarding. I feel very loved and desired, and I don't anticipate any changes. My husband loves me an unimaginable amount. I wished to talk about something else entirely. I'd like to commemorate our relationship together with the two of them and I was thinking of getting a tattoo or a brand; but don't want to harm our baby in doing so. I wanted to check with you to make sure it's okay. My husband is hesitant about my getting a brand, which is something I really want. He's willing for me to have a tattoo, but I want to make the case for branding, so I wanted to see if it would be harmful." 

"A brand, like a cattle brand?" 

"Yes, though not done the same way. I understand the most accepted method is with a medical cauterizing tool, although I hear some are done with liquid nitrogen or lasers." 

"I'd have to say no one has ever asked me that question before." 

"I have some links to websites which talk about the process, but nothing addresses having it done while pregnant," I said. "I'd like to know." 

"I can look at them and form a medical opinion, but why not just get the tattoo your husband is willing to accept? Done under sanitary conditions, it's perfectly safe to do while pregnant." 

"Tattooing can be covered up or removed. I'd like a permanent reminder of our love together." 

"Mrs. Rivers, - can I call you Julia?" 

I nodded. 

"Julia, your child will be as permanent a reminder of your love together as anything. With any luck at all, your child will last long after your brand is moldering in a grave. There is no greater sign of love than creating new life together, when done in the right way. Despite your unconventional relationship, it appears you have. I'll look into it for you, but I don't think you have anything to prove to anyone about your love together, not to you or anyone else. The decision to have a child and raise it together demonstrates commitment to one another every day." 

"I'll take it into consideration, Doctor Sturgis, but please, do look into it for me." 

"Okay, call me in about a week, and I should have something for you then." 

"Thank you. That was all really." 

"We're done here. Get dressed. The waiting room is down the hall on your left at the end." 

"I'll see you in another month then," I said. 

"Earlier if you start having any problems described in the literature we're giving you." 

She left, closing the door behind her and I got dressed and found Master and Lisa. I got my next appointment card and all the literature the doctor promised, plus my first bottle of maternity vitamins. While we were at the doctor's office, we signed up for birthing classes, the evenings so Master could attend without missing work. We had lunch first, then went to Wells Fargo where Lisa was added to our accounts. They said she'd get her debit card in seven to ten days. Since we still had lots of time, Master took us to a large mattress store nearby to look at Alaskan king size mattresses. 

What we found is no one stocked Alaskan king mattresses. None of the big manufacturers even made them, it would be a specialty item from someone who made to order like McCroskey Mattress here in California or Portland Mattress Company. 

"Nine foot by nine foot mattresses are tough to stock since most people don't buy them," the sales person said. "Have you considered a Wyoming king?" 

"What's the difference?" Master asked. 

"The Wyoming is seven by seven, or a foot wider than a California King. We don't normally stock those either, but we have one somebody ordered and never picked up. I don't have a bed frame for it, so it's not on display, but I can show you how it compares." 

"What's the difference between a California king and regular king size which is what I have now?" 

"A California king is four inches longer and four inches narrower than a king size, built for taller people, I'd say. The Wyoming keeps the extra length and adds an extra foot in width." 

"Show us one of your California kings and I'll imagine the extra foot of space on the side." 

He showed us one of those Mattresses and all three of us got on. The salesman kind of gulped and pulled at the neck of his collar. He suddenly realized why we might be looking at larger mattresses. 

"What do you think, ladies?" Master asked. 

"The extra length is good for you, sir, but I hate the narrowness of this, and I don't even think the extra foot wide would be helpful once I'm really starting to show," I said. 

"I agree with Julia," Lisa said. "Way too crowded for the three of us. The Alaskan king gives us three feet of space per person. If we're all going to sleep together, I think we need the Alaskan." 

Now the salesperson's face grew red and he started to perspire, just thinking of it. He loosened his collar so more. He should wear one of mine; which locked tight. 

"Can you order an Alaskan king for us?" Master asked. 

"Uh, yes sir," he said. "Probably be around two to three months for delivery." 

"Fine, I'm going to need to design and build the frame for it anyway. I'd like a combination coil and foam mattress; would that be a problem?" 

"It shouldn't be, sir. Portland Mattress takes special orders." 

"Get the paperwork started," Master said, "we'll take one." 

Of course, both of Master's slaves had to kiss him once we knew we were getting a new bed. The salesperson developed a hard-on. He pictured three relatively young naked people cavorting on a large mattress and his pants became uncomfortably tight, which he tried to hide behind a binder he was carrying. Both of Master's slaves smiled smugly to themselves, thinking of it. Every time I even started to think about sex, I grew wet. 

While Master and the sales clerk filled out the order, Lisa and I sat down and talked about the visit to the doctors and I told her about my conversation about being branded. 

"I wish you'd reconsider branding," Lisa said. "I'd be willing to get a tattoo with you, but the more I think of it, the less I would consider more than a tattoo, other than piercings, of course. I'd be willing to get some of those, as well." 

"She said I could call her in a week, and I will consider the alternatives, just for you and Master." I kissed her. "It would be fun to do something like get a tattoo together." 

"Please. I don't want a brand, but I'd really be happy to get a tattoo." 

It took Master about twenty minutes before he was done. 

"I'm taking you to Luigi's tonight," Master said. "If we're going to consider having our bonding ceremony there, we should see if they have a meeting room or if we'd have to rent out the whole place." 

"It's only been two and a half weeks, Master. I'm sure Sharon won't have forgotten us," I said. 

"Unlikely since she licked you to orgasm, slave," Master replied. 

"Will we be taking advantage of their long tablecloths tonight, Master?" Lisa asked. 

"Not today," he replied. "Not if we're hoping to use it in the future." 

"Too bad," I said, grinning. "There was something decadently wicked in sucking you off under the table, with the possibility of being seen by others." 

"Another time, perhaps," Master said, grinning back. 

When we got to Luigi's, Master asked if Sharon was working. Upon finding out she was, he asked to be seated in her section. Seeing us seated together, Sharon asked if she should look under the tablecloth for anyone else. 

"Not today," Master replied, smiling. "All that might happen today is a meal and finding out who we need to speak to about renting a room or more for a celebration in a couple months. 

"How many people?" Sharon asked. 

"I hadn't considered how many we might like to invite," Master said. "Ladies, what do you think." 

"Our parents, that's six," I said, "We should probably invite our poker group too, which would be five more." 

"MD, Rose, and Slut," Lisa said, "would love to come." 

"Slut?" Sharon asked. 

"It's not her real name," Master said, "but it's the only one we know. We're up to fourteen now." 

"I think we should invite Gwen, Sherman and Reneé," Lisa said, "making seventeen." 

"Since the people at Brianna's were instrumental in making this happen," I said, "Brianna, Zoe, Sam, Marcia, Chantelle, and Monique would be appropriate. That's twenty-three. Sarah and Ron would be possibilities, but I don't know if they'll be off the Trail in two months." 

"We could check," Master said. "We could possibly delay the celebration until they were done. That would be twenty-five. Are there any others you'd like to invite?" 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"Those would be the only ones who already know and understand, sir," I said. "Anyone else can find out the normal ways; social media or phone calls, casual conversation." 

"What are you celebrating?" Sharon asked. 

"We're becoming a throuple," I said. "Lisa is going to be joining our household in a polyamory relationship. Neither of us can marry her but we'd like to signify our bond with each other in a ceremony expressing our commitment to each other." 

"The three of you, together. One big happy family?" Sharon asked. 

"Four, including my baby," I said. "I'm pregnant. Had our first ultrasound today." 

"You're having a baby and letting another woman into your marriage?" 

"Yes," I said, taking Lisa's hand. "My best friend, lover and sister sex slave to my Master." 

"Are you hypnotizing these women?" Sharon asked, speaking to Master. 

Master laughed. "No, but I'm happy they're willing to join with me." 

"Just need to know if I need to avoid looking into your eyes. What happened to the other woman who was here last time?" 

"Happily renewing her relationship to her husband. She was married." 

"You were with a married woman?" 

"It's a long story," Master said. "She wasn't doing well with her husband at the time. We might have helped their marriage." 

Sharon raised her eyebrows. It was complicated explaining how when he realized he could fuck a lowly slave, he could also fuck his own wife the same way. 

"We do have a room available which can do up to forty people comfortably," Sharon said. "The manager is off today. I'll let him know you're interested in the room and let him talk to you. Let me have your phone number please." 

"Thank you, Sharon." Master gave her his number, writing it down on a blank sheet in her order pad. We ordered for today. Master skipped the wine because I couldn't drink. 

We had a lovely meal, and no one went under the table this time. We returned home and immediately stripped off our clothes. They were becoming amazingly uncomfortable to be wearing all day. 

"Let's get our phone calls out of the way before we have sex. Lisa, you're up for a fuck." 

I started to say something but shut up before a word crossed my lips. Demanding sex from my Master was what got me into trouble with him last night. 

"You fucked me last night, Master. It's Julia's turn." Thank you, Lisa. 

"I offered to fuck her this morning and she declined," Master said. "It's your turn again." 

"She didn't really decline, sir. It was impractical. I wouldn't want to go for an OB/GYN appointment with a cunt full of cum either. It would be embarrassing." 

Lisa understood these things. She was a woman. 

"Nevertheless," Master said, "she had an opportunity and she refused it." 

"It's not fair. Say something, Julia." 

"My Master is in charge of my sex, Lisa. If he says it's your turn, it's your turn. I'm but a lowly slave who must do as her Master commands." 

"Fuck!" Lisa said. "This will never work if Master's unfair about it. I refuse. I won't have sex with him either. He can have sex with you or no one." 

"You're his sex slave, Lisa. You can't refuse to fuck him. He's your Master." 

"I don't care. He can punish me if he wants. I want our relationship to work and if he treats either of us unfairly, it won't. It's your fucking turn for fucking. Spank me if you wish, Master. I won't open my legs for you if Julia doesn't get fucked first." 

"It's okay, Lisa; really. I'll be fine. It's not like I'll die if I don't get fucked tonight." 

"I know how much you need it, Julia. The same as I would." 

I glanced at Master and he had a big smile on his face, grinning from ear to ear. Lisa saw me looking and turned to him too. 

"Looks like one of my slaves learned her lesson about who's in charge here. The other one still hasn't. I guess she has to do without any orgasms tonight. I'm happy to see you're willing to look after each other, though. Makes me quite hopeful about the future." 

"It was a test?" Lisa asked. 

"One which you both failed and passed, Lisa. Failed because you still question your Master's decisions and passed because you are caring for your sister slave's welfare. For the first, no orgasms tonight. For the second, your punishment won't be worse. You may have them again tomorrow." He kissed her, softly, then hard, a slave's kiss, caressing her cunt, though not enough to let her cum. Just enough to leave her hungry for more. "Good girl," Master said. Then Master fed me his fingers, slick with her fluids, before kissing me, while he stroked my cunt to orgasm, his slave, shuddering through her passion on his strong digits. "Good girl," he whispered as I writhed on his hand, panting. 

I was such a slave. In less time than it took to say it, he'd made me cum. When he'd finished with me, leaving a gasping, weak kneed slave girl who wanted nothing more than to drop to the floor and suck his cock, he released me. I reached for Lisa's hand and squeezed it. "Thank you," I mouthed, not even a whisper. She squeezed my hand back. "You're welcome," she breathed back. I had no doubt in my mind at that moment how much I loved them both. 

Master called his parents first. 

"Do we tell them about the baby?" Master asked as the phone was ringing. 

"We might as well, sir," I replied. "It's part of the news." 

"Hello, son," Dan said when he picked up the phone. "What's up?" 

"Hey, Dad, we've got some big news. Is Mom there so we can tell you together?" 

"Sure, give me a minute to round her up." He set the phone down. 

A few minutes later, he said. "We've got you on speaker and she's with me." 

Master took a deep breath and said, "Julia and Lisa are with me. In roughly seven months, you can expect another addition to the family. You're going to be grandparents." 

"Julia, you're pregnant? That's wonderful," Sandy said. 

"Yes, Mom, I am." 

"Do you know if it's a boy or a girl yet?" Sandra inquired. 

"Too early to tell on the ultrasound today," I said, "but you have another member of the family as of yesterday." 

"Did you adopt, too?" Dan asked. 

"Not quite," Master said. "Lisa is going to be joining us as an equal member of our relationship. She's selling her house and moving in with us." 

"Lisa is moving in with you?" Dan asked. "Equal member, what does that mean?" Sandy added. 

"We're all going to be together," I said. "One family, three adults and one child. And Lisa wants to have children too. So you may have grandchildren from more than one source." 

"Is that even legal?" Dan asked. 

"According to Zoe," Master said, "it is, as long as neither one of us marries her. We'll be having a ceremony of some sort to commemorate our union. Plus, both of them intend to remain my submissives, which will be part of our bonding ceremony. We will be changing the dynamics of the slavery, however. No sharing for the most part. Nothing like Memorial Day again." 

"Zoe, your old girlfriend?" Sandy asked. 

"Yes, the attorney." 

"I hate to be a wet blanket," Sandra said, "but isn't this pretty strange. You're having a baby and moving another woman into your house. No offense, Lisa. You're a lovely woman, but this is kind of crazy. You're not worried you're going to fuck up Scott's and Julia's marriage?" 

"I suppose it's possible, Mr. and Mrs. Rivers, but if that starts to happen, I'll remove myself from their lives. This is not only something I wanted, it's something Julia wanted as well. Scott was the most reluctant of all to do this because he didn't want to jeopardize his marriage, but if the other two parties are convinced we can make it work, he was willing to proceed under adjusted rules." 

"Julia," Sandra said, "are you certain? This is a big step for you, having children and opening your marriage up to others." 

"Yes, Sandy. I've never been more certain of anything in my life other than marrying your son. It feels very right to me. These are the two people I care about more than anyone. We actually spent the last three days working out how we can best make this work. I'm not only fine with it, I want this." 

"Well," Dan said, "I can't say you chose poorly when you decided to add Lisa. She's a lovely woman. I hope it works out for you." 

"Thanks, Dad, Mom," Master said. "We're happy to share the news with you. We're thinking a couple months, three months for the ceremony. I hope you'll be there." 

"Come hell or high water," Dan said, "we'll support you on this. We love you. Take care of yourselves." They hung up. 

"That actually went easier than I expected," Master said. 

"Might have been easier to accept after Memorial Day, Master," I said. "Anything had to be less strange than that." 

"You may be right. Who do we call next?" 

"I'm not sure it makes a difference. Given what we know about Lisa's and my parents, I think both of them will accept it. Your parents were the ones I worried about the most. Could call mine first because of the pregnancy, but I'm sure it won't be an issue." 

Master handed me the phone. "You're up then." 

I dialed my parents. 

"Hey, pumpkin, what's up?" Harold said. 

"Is Mom there. I have some news for you both." 

"Your Mom is on a date. I don't expect her back until tomorrow morning. I was just getting ready to go out myself. You can tell me the news. I'll let her know when I see her tomorrow." 

I looked at Master and he shrugged his shoulders. It was up to me. 

Might as well tell him. We could always talk later. "A couple things really," I said. "You're going to be a grandfather." 

"Honey, that's marvelous news. We were wondering when you were going to have kids. It is Scott's right? None of the stuff you were doing during your slavery had anything to do with it?" 

"No, Dad. It's Scott's. I was pregnant before I started playing with slavery. It's why I had to do it then." 

"Oh, good. That's a relief." 

"Bringing up the second bit of news. Lisa is going to be joining us on a permanent basis. She's moving in with us and will become our lover and co-equal in our relationship." 

"Co-equal, you say? Like a triad?" 

"Yes. Scott calls it a throuple, but yes; one, big, happy family." 

"I've got to say I never expected this from you. You were always so straight, so serious. Not saying it's bad or anything, but out of character for you." 

"Any more out of character than finding out you and Mom are in an open marriage, Dad? I can't even give both of you the news because Mom's on a date. My marriage is more restrictive than yours. I won't be having sex with anyone regularly except my husband and friend. Do you even know who Mom's having sex with?" 

"Not really. None of my business, but I think it's a woman tonight. Your Memorial Day barbecue might have loosened the knots a little. Like I said; I'm not saying it's a bad thing. Lisa's a wonderful girl and you guys have always been close. I'm happy for all of you and wish you well. Just unexpected like. Course, I didn't know about the submissive thing either. Sounds like it sort of came up suddenly. Anyway, I'll tell your Mom. I'm sure she'll want to talk to you, especially about the baby. We'll probably call tomorrow. I wish you the best. Take care, pumpkin. I love you." 

"Bye, Dad. I love you, too." 

We hung up. 

"You sounded a little defensive," Lisa said. "I don't think he was criticizing. Actually seemed to take all the news quite well." 

"I know. I'll apologize when we talk again. I still have a hard time believing they're in an open marriage. Mom's on a date and it might be with a woman?" 

"You opened that door first," Master said. 

I kissed Lisa. "I did, though I seem to recall it was with a huge push from you, sir. Having me trained to please a woman because you weren't quite ready to share me with a man. I'm not complaining. I love my life right now. Just hard to believe how different everything is from a month ago." 

"We're not moving too fast for you?" Master asked. 

"No, sir." I kissed him, then Lisa again. "I'm perfectly content." 

"Your turn, Lisa." Master handed her the phone. Lisa dialed and put it on speaker. 

"Hello, Scott," Marjorie said. 

"It's not Scott, Mom. It's Lisa. I'm calling on Scott's phone." 

"Lisa, honey; we haven't heard from you since the big shindig last week. Is everything okay?" 

"Great, Mom. Better than great. Is Dad around? I wanted to talk to him too." 

"Sure. Give me a sec." She held her hand over the mouthpiece, but we still heard her calling, "Reggie! Lisa's on the phone. Pick up on the extension." 

About ten seconds later, we heard Reginald say, "Lisa, baby. How are you? What can I do for you?" 

"Mom, Dad, Scott and Julia are on the phone with me. I wanted you to know that I'm going to be moving in with them. We're going to become what Scott calls a throuple. I'm going to sell the house and we'll live together." 

"I can't say I'm surprised," Marge said. "Are you surprised, Reggie?" 

"Not much," Reggie said. "They've always been pretty close. After Memorial Day, I kind of expected it. They all seemed pretty close and into the whole thing." 

"You're not upset?" Lisa asked. 

"Hell, no!" Reggie replied. "Both of them are decent people. I always liked Scott better than that damn husband of yours who always struck me as a shifty bastard. Julia's a sweetie. If you're going to do something like this, no one better to do it with." 

"Like Reggie said, honey," Margie added. "I know you'll be happy. Scott and Julia are very nice. I'm sure you'll get along." 

"Another item to tell you," Lisa said. "Julia's pregnant and due in like seven months." 

"That's wonderful news. Congratulations, you two," Marjorie said. 

"We wanted you to know that since we're going to be living together as a family unit," Master said, "we'll consider you to be grandparents as much as Julia's and mine are. Additionally, Lisa has expressed an interest in having her own children and we're willing to accommodate her wishes." 

"Thank you, Scott," Reginald said. "We appreciate that. It's the reason I feel good about you doing this together." 

"By law, neither of us may marry your daughter without becoming bigamists, but we intend to have a ceremony commemorating our union together in the near future," Master said. "We hope you'll join us." 

"We wouldn't miss it," Margie said. "I feel a whole lot better about Lisa now than I did a month ago. She was quite unhappy with her circumstances. Thank you." 

"Goodbye, Mom, Dad. Thanks for understanding," Lisa said. "Take care." 

"You too, honey. Give everyone a kiss for us." 

"Don't worry. I'm sure I'll have many to give them." 

Reggie laughed. "You bet. Especially that cutie, Julia." They both hung up. 

"Only one more," Master said. 

"Jack," Lisa responded, "and I'll use my phone to call him." 

Lisa took out her phone and made the call. 

"What do you want, Lisa? I'm not going to give you any more money this month," Jack said. 

"Hello to you too, Jack. Actually, I'm calling for a totally different reason. You've given me your last dime. I don't need you to pay alimony anymore." 

"Why? Are you getting married again?" 

"In a manner of speaking." 

"What's that mean; a manner of speaking." 

"Means I'm not exactly getting married, but you're off the hook, finito, done, keep your damn money and I don't need to speak to you again. Have a good life, Jack. Goodbye." 

"Wait! What's going on? Why don't you need money anymore?" 

"Because I'll be taken care of by someone who loves me, and you don't need to know more than that. You can stop sending money. I'll be good without it and you. Don't bother contacting me again. We're finished." 

Lisa ended the call. Have I mentioned their marriage didn't end on the best of terms? 

"Oh, that felt good," Lisa said. "I've never felt as good about a phone call in my life. He took pleasure in my misery, you know. Always twisting the knife when we spoke. He was married again and I was sitting at home miserable. I'm not sure he's all that happy, but he made sure to tell me how happy he was." 

I knelt down at Master's feet. "Master, forgive your slave, but I humbly beg you to fuck Lisa tonight, or at least let her have an orgasm. A phone call like that one deserves a climax." 

Master pulled me to my feet and kissed me. "You're right; it does. You may give her an orgasm, slave, while I fuck you." 

"Thank you, Master," I said, melting into him. "Don't forget, sir. You and Lisa are playing poker tomorrow night." 

"I haven't forgotten. It's been a long day. Let's take a shower before going to bed." 

"Yes, sir. Thank you, sir," Lisa said, realizing she would get to cum tonight; on my tongue instead of Master's cock, but it was better than nothing. 

We took a lovely shower together, lovingly soaping and rinsing everyone as a team. Master didn't let us cum, but he brought us close each time. To the point we were desperate when we got into bed. While Master fucked his lowly slave, I ate out my sister slave, giving her many orgasms on my tongue. Everyone was sated with pleasure when we stopped. Lisa and Master licked her cum off my face and Lisa and I licked my cum and Master's from his cock. I was a very happy slave girl when we finished. 

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 24|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-24|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<em>Our three protagonists begin establishing their relationship together with other people. This chapter contains oral sex, anal sex, lesbian sex, multiple partner sex, orgasm denial, double penetrations, and spanking. No slaves were injured in this chapter. As with all chapters in this series, no one needs to be concerned with STD's.</em> 

<strong>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 24 - Establishing a New Reality</strong> 

JULIA 

After Master's blow job in the morning, he told us to work on Lisa's life; getting it moved from her house to ours. Mail, bills, address changes, driver's license; they all had to be done. Anything she wanted to keep had to be moved to our house, then a real estate agent contacted to put her house on the market. Master said it would probably take several days of activities to get arrangements made for everything. He would take care of whatever he had to do to integrate Lisa into ours, adding her to our life insurance, medical insurance, dental. He would look at adding the bondage furniture business to his, or incorporating a new business and making us employees, though he was leaning to a new business because of the business model, as he wanted it to support us as slaves. 

After our exercise routine of yoga and swimming, we set up appointments with three real estate agents we'd speak to tomorrow, then we started going through her house and collecting everything she wanted to keep from her old life as a non-slave. Some clothes, photos, knick knacks, jewelry, a few furniture pieces which would go well in our home, some of her favorite music and DVD's; the list was small. There was surprisingly little she felt the need to keep. Naked slaves didn't need much in the way of clothes. A lot of the photos were of her marriage without children, so she kept only photos from her childhood or other people she cared about. We made piles of things to move, things to throw away or donate, things to sell. It was a surprisingly small pile of things to keep. 

"My old life doesn't hold much interest for me anymore," Lisa said. "Everything I want is directed toward my future with you and Master; children, a loving relationship, my sex slavery." 

I hugged her. "I understand. My old life has fallen away and only the future beckons me now." 

"Should I sell the furniture with the house or have a big garage sale?" 

"I think ask the real estate agent first, but I'm inclined to go with garage sale, then donate, and sell the house empty. Most people want their own furniture anyway unless it's newlyweds." 

"We have a lot of work to do, don't we?" 

"Working together, it will get done." 

Going home in time to make a salad for Lisa and Master to eat before they headed to Edward's for poker; eating light because of the snacks. Master fed me during supper, giving me my first orgasm of the day; one I desperately needed. Slave girls need to cum often or they get cranky. 

****** 

SCOTT 

Tonight was the poker game. I would have loved to skip the game and fuck my slaves instead, but that would remove Lisa as well. I was unsure who they had to play and might need one or both of us to make five or six. I showered and put on some leisure clothes, Lisa showering with me. I let her suck my cock just to take the edge off, then fingered her to an orgasm. It had been longer for her than me. 

I fed my other slave during our brief supper, giving her an orgasm as well. She greatly appreciated my attentions, cumming quickly with a great deal of vocal satisfaction expressed. Lisa dressed with me for the game, going so far as to wear underwear until we discovered how her new status was going to be accepted. We still hadn't told anyone about her joining Julia and I in a relationship, except for our parents, and that was last night. I was unsure how far the news might have spread. As far as I knew, it was the first time most of us had seen each other since Memorial Day, so I wondered if it would be at all uncomfortable seeing each other since that wild party. 

It wasn't unexpected to see Rob there when we arrived. The twins frequently visited one another, and they probably ate together before the game. Nor was it particularly surprising to see Regina there. Now everyone knew she was a poker player, and a damn good one at that; I wouldn't be surprised to see her fairly often. It actually made for seven at the table tonight as Ed said all the others were coming as well, though they weren't there yet. Nor were they surprised Lisa came with me as we frequently arrived in one car as we lived next door to one another. They greeted Lisa normally, with the little bit of teasing she'd come to expect, but nothing referencing how she'd fucked them all as a sex slave. I decided to wait until everyone arrived before making our announcement. 

Chen arrived first, greeting everyone. He was as cool as the others, expecting Lisa was now just another poker player and not a plaything. Jerry was the last to arrive and everyone was surprised to see Reneé with him. He hadn't said anything to me at work today. Reneé was dressed when she arrived, though skimpily as I'd expect a slave girl to be dressed when in a car. She was happy to see Lisa and I, warmly huggeing us before she greeted everyone else. The others were as surprised as I was, not knowing she was coming either. I asked Jerry and Reneé to step outside with me for a minute so we could talk privately. 

"This is a surprise," I said, once outside. 

"It was to me too," he replied. "Reneé called me like an hour ago, asking if I was still interested in a sex slave. She spoke to Mistress Dark and both of her slaves on Monday evening. They suggested a trial period and she thought about it and decided to do it today through Sunday. She still has to work tomorrow and Saturday, but when not at work, she'll spend the time with me." 

"Listen, I'm going to let everyone else know in a few minutes, but Lisa is moving in with us and both Lisa and Julia will be continuing with their slavery, but with altered parameters. I'm not going to share them anymore. They'll be off limits to everyone else. I made a mistake sharing them with everyone in the first place. I know Reneé isn't your wife, but if you share her with everyone, she'll become a whole lot less special to you in the long run. Just the opinion of someone who's been through it." 

"Lisa is moving in with you!" Reneé exclaimed. 

"Yes. We're going to see if we can make it as a polyamorous threesome. It felt right after the last three weeks." 

Jerry thought about it for a few moments, thinking about it. "I think it will work out for you. I know Lisa was doing poorly before, though she put on a good front. You went well together. I always wondered why you shared Julia. Seemed pretty strange to me." 

"I was operating off the types of things Julia liked to read, not really giving much thought to what it was she really wanted from the experience. I've recently seen how important the submission is, and how much less important the sex with other people is. Since I'll no longer be sharing either of them with anyone else, they can continue in their slavery, I can continue have two beautiful women who want to serve me, and not the whole world. Before you start sharing Reneé, think about what you want out of the experience, not about what you saw me doing before, because given what I know now, I'd never do it the same way. You might want to ask Reneé what her expectations are. While it's unlikely she'll complain if you were to share her, it may not be what she expects." 

"Reneé, is this true?" Jerry asked. "What would you prefer?" 

"I think Master Scott is correct, sir. While I enjoyed the experience of Labor Day and happy I tried it once, I'd prefer not doing it on a regular basis. I'd much prefer learning to satisfy one Master completely than serving many less well. One of the things I learned from Slut and Rose is though they are used in their Mistresses business as training aids and therefore used by many other people, they much prefer serving their Mistress than the others they are required to have sex with. After the party, Rose spent the night with me and she enjoyed herself, but not half so much as she enjoyed coming home to her Mistress. They both said there is a someone out there for whom I would be most suited as a sex slave, what they called their one true Mistress. Mistress Dark is that person for them. I am far more interested in learning to serve you well, than haphazardly having sex with many others. I believe I might find in you my one true Master, the one person I am most comfortable submitting to. When Scott told me you might be interested in me, I got a thrill just thinking about it. If you should choose to share me, I'll accept it, but it's not what I desire out of my slavery." 

"It seems you're right, Scott. I was planning to let her serve the poker game as Julia and Lisa did. I'm not so sure anymore. I think I'd like to keep this delectable morsel for myself." Jerry kissed her and her body plastered itself against her new Master, her lips parting under his assault. 

"You might still use Reneé to serve food and beverages to the poker players, but no touchy, no feely. I'd even say she can serve naked, but since everyone is used to what naked slaves did for them, I'm not letting Julia or Lisa be nude or even wear their collars until expectations of what being a naked slave means to the others, which is essentially, she's their eye candy, but not their plaything. You're the Master. What your slave does from now on is up to you. I lost sight of that fact. Why don't we go back inside now and play some cards?" 

"How many do we have without me?" 

"Six." 

"Give my regrets to the others. I think I'm taking my new slave home and ravishing her." 

"Please, Master," Reneé said breathlessly. "Ravish me." 

He started heading back to his truck with his new possession clutched against his side. "Oh, by the way," I said. "Julia is pregnant and expecting in about seven months." He turned back suddenly and grasped my hand. 

"Congratulations, Scott. That's wonderful news. It sounds like we'll have a lot to talk about tomorrow." 

"It does indeed," I laughed. "You'll have to tell me how your new slave performs." 

He looked down at Reneé. "She'll perform perfectly. She has no choice. She's a sex slave now." 

Reneé lowered her head. "Yes, Master. Your slave." 

"Fuck her once for me," I said. 

"I'm not sure I'll have anything left after fucking her for myself." 

Reneé shivered. Poor little slave. I imagined she'd be well used tonight. They left and I went back inside. 

"Jerry extends his regrets," I said, "but he just acquired a new sex slave and he decided he had better things to do than play poker." 

"Reneé?" Chen asked. 

"The very same." 

"Why did you need to step outside to speak to them?" Edward said. 

"I had some advice to impart regarding his new slave," I said, "plus I had to give him some news, which I'm also giving to all of you. Lisa is moving in with Julia and I. We're going to be forming a polyamorous throuple." Their eyes pivoted to Lisa, who nodded shyly. "Now, Julia and I can't marry Lisa, but in all other respects, she'll be equivalent to my wife, so I expect you to treat her the same as you did Julia, pre-slavery. Both of my women are off limits from now on. A little good natured teasing isn't out of line, but if you're rude and insulting, I'll consider it an affront to me personally. I'd hate for our friendships to end because any of you got out of line. Playtime is over. Everyone had their fun, but things have changed and it needs to be recognized. Two, Julia is expecting a baby." I saw the men shoot worried glances at each other. "She was pregnant before her slavery started, so nobody has to worry. I'm definitely the father." 

"Congratulations to all of you, Scott," Chen said. "I know you've wanted kids for awhile." 

"Thanks. I'm going to sell part of my business to Jerry so I don't have to work so damn hard and can spend more time with my two women and children. It's likely Lisa will be getting pregnant in the future. She wanted children as well, and Julia and I want to accommodate her desire to have them." 

"Going all in, are you, Scott," Edward said. 

"All in. It's going to be a hell of a pot." 

"Well, since you and Lisa are sharing your news with us, I suppose we should share our news with you," Regina said. "As you all know, my husband is also submissive. I determined I was unable to act as his dominant. He is currently walking up the Pacific Crest Trail with his new dominant, Sarah, from the Memorial Day party. In all likelihood, my marriage is going to end in a divorce. Ron and I agreed since he was serving his new Mistress sexually, I was free to seek the same for myself. Edward and I have been seeing each other since Saturday. We were having discussions with his brother, Rob, today, and they're both moving into my house starting this weekend. I suppose we're going to be a ...what did you call it, Scott ...throuple, too. Just two men and one woman as opposed to the opposite." Regina took one arm of each of the brothers in her hands and pulled them a little closer. "We'll see how it works out. The one thing I learned on Memorial Day was I liked being fucked by two men at once." 

The other three of us were staring at Edward, Rob and Regina like they'd grown extra limbs. Maybe they had. But no more than Lisa, Julia and I. 

"Am I the only normal one in this group?" Chen asked. 

"What's normal?" Rob asked. 

"Am I the only one not fucking more than one person?" 

"Are you fucking any person, Chen? Theoretically, neither Rob or I are fucking more than one person," Edward said. "We're just fucking one person together." 

"And that's a little less crazy than I said, how?" Chen asked. 

"My brother and I aren't having sex with each other." 

"Good to know," Chen said. 

"Maybe you are the only normal one," I said. 

"He's not normal if he's the only one not doing something," Edward said. "That makes him the odd one." 

"Only in our poker group, not society at large. Any more revelations, or can we start playing poker now?" 

"I got nothing," Chen said. "Let's play." 

I did tell Regina about an Alaskan king size bed if they decided on something permanent. Being nine feet by nine feet gave you a spectacular area for sleeping three or double teaming a woman. The three of them looked at each other speculatively as they considered the possibilities. 

It was a lot different poker game than the last one we played. No naked serving slaves, no raunchy shenanigans, nothing but money to be won at the end. Lisa and I sat next to each other. Chen was next to Lisa and Regina sat between Rob and Edward, who was next to me. Despite not having sex slaves serving us, Rob, Edward and Regina were plenty distracted by each other. I could easily have been distracted by Lisa, but deferred since Chen was right beside her, and I didn't want to start treating her like a sex slave again in front of the others. As it was, we were the top three winners, given the other three were more interested in each other than their cards. At the end, Edward said we could show ourselves out and the three of them disappeared into his bedroom. We let ourselves out. 

Chen shook his head. "I've got to find myself somebody. You've got two, Jerry's got one, and I guess Ed and Rob each have a half. I don't know. A half is sounding pretty good to me." 

"Your life is out of balance, Chen," Lisa said. "You work hard, but except for poker, you have no social life. I would think you understood the concept of balance better." 

"Because I'm Chinese-American?" 

"The Chinese invented the concept of Yin and Yang, harmony through balance. I don't think it makes me racist to point that out." 

"I don't like meeting women in bars." 

"Don't. The only women in bars are drunk hook-ups. You'll want something more substantial," Lisa pointed out, "meatier. That's the primary reason I ever went to a bar; when I was desperate enough. You'd do better trying to meet someone walking a dog in the park than at a bar. Find something you're interested in and join a club, or you could do what I did and become friends with your neighbors. Who knows where it could lead," Lisa laughingly teased. 

"Later, Chen," I said. "Lisa's not wrong. You do need more balance. See you next week. It's supposed to be at Rob's but if he's moving in with Regina with Edward, maybe it's at Regina's. We'll have to find out when they're less busy." 

I went home and fucked hell out of my two slaves. 

****** 

JULIA 

I knew Master intended telling the others about our new status. What I didn't expect is the other things Master said happened at the poker game; Jerry with Reneé as his slave and not even staying for the game, and the Strong boys moving in with Regina this weekend. Of course, Master gave me this news as he was plowing my pussy as I ate Lisa and they kissed one another over my supine body. I had no opportunity to ask questions as a result, my mouth being otherwise engaged. 

We both sucked Master back to life so he could fuck Lisa while she licked me to orgasm. That gave me the chance to ask questions between my panting exhalations, and cries of pleasure. Master said Reneé had just called Jerry about an hour before the game and they were giving it a trial period through Sunday to explore her submission. He told Jerry to consider long and hard before deciding to share his slave with anyone else. Which is when Jerry left and took his slave home to inaugurate her slavery. I'd been on the receiving end of a double teaming by the Strong's and wondered if Regina knew what she was getting into when she decided to take on both of them. The only time I knew of her being double teamed, it was Chen and Lisa with a strap-on. Not quite the same thing as the two thick Strong pricks. 

As we lay languidly in bed, post coitus, we told Master we had three real estate agents coming tomorrow afternoon at different times. He said we were in charge of the sale and could do as we wished regarding the house. Master had been thinking about bondage furniture and how it could be incorporated into a bed platform. He had some ideas he'd like to play with. We snuggled up against him as we listened to his ideas. Listening to him, I became aroused again, thinking of bondage under the stern hand of my Master. So did Lisa, but Master wouldn't even try fucking us again, though he did tell us we could pleasure each other to two more orgasms tonight. While Master slept, Lisa and I lapped quietly at our liquid folds until we'd both cum twice. It wasn't enough, but it was all Master allowed, so I fitfully fell asleep while I dreamed of Master's cock and Lisa's tongue. 

****** 

Lisa won Master's reward the following morning, gratefully swallowing his seed when he released. She allowed me to taste him in her mouth, offering it for a kiss, which I took, tasting Master. From someone who'd detested the texture and consistency of cum, I was becoming a cum addict. I enjoyed tasting it all the time. Feeling Master pulse in my mouth as his hot, salty spurts of sperm filled my mouth second only to him filling my cunt the same way. Even sucking his cum second-hand from Lisa's cunt was high on my list of favorite things. 

We had many things to do today starting with the real estate agents coming. We went to the gym first and did our exercise for the day, then came home and showered together. Despite what one might think, Lisa and I becoming completely sexual creatures who constantly craved sex, we never took advantage of Master's absence to satisfy our sexual needs by squirming on the other's tongue. It wasn't the sexual free for all you might expect when he was gone. Our orgasms were owned by our Master and we didn't have his permission to cum during the day while he was gone. We recognized his ownership of such. Since we were so sexually needy all the time, we couldn't engage in sexual activities without risking orgasms. And while I felt a great deal of love and affection for Lisa and she for me, we didn't partake of each other's bodies unless Master was there to permit our release. Showering together was nothing more than an exercise to shower quickly without wasting water. I didn't touch her and she didn't touch me except to wash each other's back. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
Master's cock was the thing we truly adored and our cunts and mouths were secondary to his prick; required because he only had one to share between us and limited ability to remain hard as long as we needed to fuck us beyond our need to cum. Indeed, his desire to keep us sexually satisfied enough to keep us relatively happy depended on our ability to satisfy each other. He never let us cum as many times as we would like, keeping us hungry for more. Last night, Lisa and I could easily orgasm a dozen times each, but he allowed us two. Our sexual needs as slaves never completely indulged so we were always eager for more. The anticipation of the next time we'd be allowed to cum delicious torment. Memorial Day was the one time as a slave I'd ended the day totally sexually sated and disinclined to fuck again. This contrasted so much against my life pre-slavery, when I was easily satisfied and ready to stop. Master understood his slaves enough to realize we'd happily fuck all day long if left to our own devices, and so he imposed limits to our pleasure so we could get other things done. 

You might ask why we didn't do what we needed to cum anyway while Master was gone. How would he know his slaves were disobedient? Lisa had pointed out the answer a week ago when Sarah left us both panting with need. If we disobeyed our Master, we weren't really slaves at all and if we weren't slaves, then all we were was two fucking neighbors, one of whom was cheating on her husband. 

Showered, we dressed and ate a light lunch preparing to be inundated with agents. We stepped over to Lisa's house to meet them. Essentially, all three told us roughly the same thing. Her house could be sold for between 450-500k. One should leave enough items in the house so people could see the furniture in it, but very clean and uncluttered. The last one who came impressed us with her energy and enthusiasm, so we decided to go with her. 

"Will both of your names be going on the sales paperwork?" She asked. 

"No, this is Lisa's house only," I said. "I was her neighbor, but she's going to move in with my husband and I." 

"She can't maintain the payments anymore?" 

How much were we willing to share with the outside world about our personal life. Really, it was none of her business, but if we were going to be together, why not be proud of what we were and meant to each other? 

"No, she's our lover, and moving into our house, so it's stupid to maintain two houses next to each other." Lisa took my hand to show her appreciation for my honesty and willingness to be open. "We're what my husband calls a throuple; a polyamorous relationship involving three people." 

She scarcely skipped a beat. 

"Is there any other name on the paperwork then?" 

"Just myself," Lisa said. "My husband signed a quit claim deed when we were divorced." 

She got all the information for her listing agreement, three months long. 

"Your house will go on the internet within twenty-four hours and in the Realtors Book in a week. I'll take some exterior shots today and give you the weekend to get the house cleaned to your satisfaction, taking the interior photos on Monday." 

She asked a bunch of questions about the house, the neighborhood; then went outside taking photos with her smartphone. 

"Looks like we won't be able to spend much time with Master this weekend," I said, "if we have to get the house shipshape before Monday." 

"You could spend time with him," Lisa said. "It's my house to sell." 

I hugged her. "We're in this together. Perhaps we can get Master to help us one of the two days. If we clean while naked, we can probably get him to fuck us while we're cleaning." 

Lisa laughed. "You may be right." 

"We'll need his help moving some of the larger items out anyway. On Monday, we'll work on your address changes." 

She kissed me. "Thank you for admitting your relationship to me." 

"Like I said - we're in this together, all the way. I'm not ashamed of loving you. I'm 100% committed to making this work. We have over an hour before we have to start supper for Master. We might as well start cleaning now. You take the kitchen and I'll start on the bathrooms." 

"Actually, it would be easier if you do the kitchen. You can determine what of my spices and foods you want or need. We'll give the rest to a homeless shelter or food bank. I'll know what of my bathroom items I'll need." 

A lot of the items in her refrigerator was nearing or just past the expiration dates. I'm surprised it wasn't all expired, though she had been here a week ago after our slavery temporarily ended, so perhaps she'd cleaned it out then. Between the freezer and fridge, I came up with enough for a meal tonight, some chicken breasts, salad makings, frozen mixed veggies. Stuff close to expiration or past got sent to the garbage can. All the dry goods I wanted to keep went into bags for the house, including all her wine and liquor. The other things went into bags for delivery to the shelter or food bank including all the canned goods. Since she'd been living alone and preparing food for one, it was fairly sparse. An hour went by and I called Lisa and we carried over what I was keeping, mostly the frozen meats and some snack items and pastas. 

As soon as we were back in our house, we stripped off our clothes, glad to finally be done with the need for them. She started supper while I put the food away. When Master arrived, both of his slaves eagerly sucked his cock and this time, I got the prize. While we ate, Lisa sat in Master's lap to be fed and got her first orgasms of the day, two, squirming unashamed on his lap and eagerly licking her cum from his fingers. Hopefully, I'd get my own soon. I was becoming desperate now Master was home. We told Master during supper that Lisa's house was now on the market and we had to get it cleaned up this weekend for pictures on Monday. 

"I saw the sign in the front yard as I drove up," he said. 

"She works quickly," Lisa remarked, still panting from her last orgasm. 

"We'll need your help tomorrow moving things out of the house, sir," I said. "Perhaps you could take food items to a homeless shelter tomorrow morning, stop and get boxes on your way home and then help us move things out of her house which she's going to sell and donate. We might need to use our garage as storage until we can hold a garage sale." 

"I'll do what I can tomorrow," Master said, "but on Sunday, I'll be working on plans for our new bed. We'll need to get it built before our new mattress arrives and it's more complicated than the previous furniture." 

"Yes, Master. Perhaps tonight we can show you the furniture items Rose showed us, so you can see what's available now?" 

"Excellent idea," Master said. "You can show me while I pleasure you on the couch." 

"Thank you, sir. Your slave appreciates any attentions you might spend on her." 

Master smiled at me. "I know how badly you need to cum now, slave." 

"Yes, sir," I grinned back. "Very badly." 

I grabbed my iPad and I sat in Master's lap and showed him the sites I'd bookmarked. Lisa sat beside us. We not only showed him the furniture pieces themselves, but the accessories sold with them to make them more useful or fun for slave and/or Master. While we looked at them, Master caressed and petted me, stroking my breast and nipples, fingering my cunt. He didn't let me cum, keeping me on the edge of climaxing much of the time until I was a quivering mountain of need, pleading and begging for him to give me release. He'd laugh and kiss me and stop petting me until the worst had passed, then continue when I'd almost recovered. I was frantic by the time we'd finished looking, humping his hand like a total slut. Still he wouldn't give me permission to cum. I was in tears of desperation when he said it was time for bed. I'd promised myself I wouldn't demand sex anymore, but I was almost ready to break that promise no matter what the consequences were. Resisting my inclinations, I waited for him to tell us what he planned. 

Lisa was told to lie on the bed and Master tied her down spread eagled face up. Master had me get over Lisa in a sixty-nine, then tied me down over her, warning us not to pleasure each other yet. Just being tied down increased my wetness tenfold. I'm sure my cunt was pungent with arousal, and likely dripping in her face, I was so wound up. I was staring down at Lisa's pussy and it was only a little less ready than mine for sex as she'd not been played with since supper. We heard Master stirring about the room, with little ability to follow his actions. Finally, he climbed onto the bed behind me. He started smearing lubricating gel over my back door and I expected he might be preparing to fuck my ass. He hadn't fucked me there for awhile, so I was eagerly awaiting the feeling of his cock drilling my rectum, but he surprised me, pushing a plug in my ass instead. I nearly climaxed as it slid past the rubbery star. 

"As soon as I start fucking you," he said, "you may start licking each other. You may each cum at will." 

"Yes, Master," we both replied. 

I could feel Master lining his cock up with my cunt, the head nudging my folds. As soon as he penetrated me, I orgasmed, moaning. I felt Lisa's tongue dancing on my clit. The feeling exquisite as I shuddered through my pleasure. It took me a few moments before I could return the favor, dipping my head and tasting her on my tongue, her flavor as familiar to me as Master's cock. Master fucked me hard. With the plug in my ass, Lisa licking my clit and Master plowing into my pussy, multiple, unceasing orgasms started overwhelming my body. Oh, fuck! The fact Master hadn't let me cum while fingering me forgotten as I was lost in a sea of lust. Poor Lisa, I may have been drowning her in my cum. She faltered a few times trying to keep up with me. I made her cum too, not as hard or as frequently as I was, but I spotted her fluids running from the bottom of her cunt and down her ass. 

It took Master maybe fifteen or twenty minutes to cum himself and I swear I climaxed at least a dozen times waiting for him to finish, his thick cream filling my cunt, more to run out and fill Lisa's mouth as he fucked me through the pulsing of his cock. When his quasi limp dick came out, I felt the rush of cream following it and Lisa eagerly lapping every drop from my pussy. I closed my eyes; I was in heaven. Master started untying us and I rolled off Lisa's body, feeling limp and overcome with languor. 

Master slapped the inside of my thigh. "You're not done yet," he said. "Your sister slave needs to be fucked too. Go get one of the strapless dildos." 

"Yes, sir," I said, too tired to scamper out of bed, but jumping out anyway. I got one of the toys, a vibrating one, and returned to bed. Lisa was sucking Master's cock in an effort to get him hard again, half successful already. I joined her, sucking Master's balls until he was hard enough to fuck her. 

"I'm going to fuck her ass," Master said. "You'll be fucking her cunt." 

"Master," I said, "I have a favor to ask." 

"What is it, slave?" 

"I'd like to drive. Can Lisa mount you in a reverse cowgirl position so I can really fuck her, sir?" 

"I see no reason why not," he said. 

While Master laid on the bed and Lisa mounted him with his cock in her ass, I put the dildo in my cunt. The plug was still in my rectum, so I was still well filled; as full as Lisa was soon to be. I heard her moaning as she settled over his shaft. 

Wait until I push into your cunt, my dear, I thought, you'll be moaning like a banshee. 

She leaned back against Master and opened herself for me. I couldn't help but lick her some more until she climaxed again, wriggling like a worm on a hook on Master's cock as her spasms washed through her. I licked my way up her body, paying attention to the one nipple Master let me have while he fondled the other. I stopped and looked into her brown eyes as I positioned my fake cock at the entrance to her pussy and pushed in. Indeed, she groaned and moaned like a banshee as I thrust as deep as I could, joining Master's prick in her body, her eyes closing in ecstasy. The look of pleasure on her face was priceless. I turned on the vibrations and she shuddered through a powerful orgasm. I remembered the trick we'd learned from Sam and Marcia and put it in play. 

"Open your eyes and look at me," I ordered. 

Her eyes fluttered open. 

"Do you like having my husband's cock in you ass while I fuck your slutty slave cunt?" 

"Yes," she said, watching me. "I love it. I love being fucked." 

"Play with my breasts." 

She had to brace herself with one arm to keep from collapsing against Master, but the other came up and cupped one of my breasts, thumbing the puckered nipple. I moaned myself. I was as full and excited by the vibrations as she was. 

"I think Master and I should fuck you like this in front of all our friends so they know what a slutty whore you've become." 

Lisa moaned through another orgasm, squirming wildly. "Fuck me," she cried out. "Oh, God, fuck me!" 

"You're a helpless slave girl, aren't you? A slutty little slave girl who wants to be fucked in all of her holes?" 

"Yes, I'm a helpless slave. I love being fucked everywhere, in every hole." 

Her orgasm wasn't stopping, and another of my own started. I kissed her while rubbing my groin against her, as deep as I could go in her pussy. Her lips parted for me, my tongue ravaging her mouth the same way I ravaged her cunt, grinding, clinging, thrusting. I was in ecstasy. Could there be anything more wonderful than sharing another slave with my Master? Pulling back, I watched his face as we fucked his slave. His eyes were glassy as he strained to keep from cumming. The vibrations in Lisa's cunt combining with the contractions of her ass as she orgasmed spastically over and over bringing him to the edge of his own release. 

I wished we'd prepared Lisa's ass so I could suck Master's cock clean after his orgasm. I thought briefly of sucking him anyway, but couldn't get past what I'd be sucking off his cock other than his cum. Couldn't do it. It was too much. Perhaps we should prepare our asses every Friday or Saturday so they were available for his use. 

Master started groaning, his mouth open, panting, and I knew he was cumming, flooding Lisa's ass with his creamy discharge. Lisa's orgasm was still going. I'd love to have a real cock so I could feel her cunt flexing over it. 

"It's too much! Please stop," she pleaded. "I can't stop cumming." 

I slammed into her twice more, long enough for my own spasms to end, then pulled out of her. Thick drops of her juices were collected on her lips from the lengthy orgasm or orgasms she'd experienced, and I had to lick them up, gathering them on my tongue before suckling her clit, sending her off some more. 

"Please stop, Julia. I'm so sensitive right now," Lisa begged. 

Should I take pity on another slave girl. I suppose I should. It could easily be me in her position. I stopped. First removing the dildo, then going into the bathroom, I found a washcloth and wet it in warm water, and returned. Master's cock, limp again, was being squeezed out of her rectum. I gently washed it, then Lisa's bottom. 

"That was the best fucking I ever had," Lisa said. "Thank you." 

"You're welcome," Master said. I said nothing, but I kissed her again, affectionately. I was proud to have been one of those who fucked her so thoroughly. 

"Another busy day tomorrow," Master said, relaxing on the bed. 

"Too bad it won't be busy with fucking," I said. "Weekends should be filled with sex, not cleaning houses." 

Master laughed. "We have a lifetime ahead of us." He kissed me. 

I tossed the washcloth in the dirty clothes and joined them in the bed. Master had already taken the middle, leaving the left side for me. Did he realize it was the side closest to his heart? 

****** 

SCOTT 

My slaves sucked my cock the following morning, Lisa claiming my cum. I could never complain they neglected me. If I had even the hint of an erection, no matter the cause, one of them was offering to take care of it. We ate breakfast, and I fed Julia, giving her two orgasms to start the day. We dressed and brought several bags to Lisa's house. They loaded it up with food to go to the food bank. Julia asked me to bring a dozen boxes back. They started back into cleaning while I took care of the food and boxes. As soon as I got back, I helped carry some furniture items Julia wanted to keep for our house. Other items would be sold and we loaded them into our garage until we could have a garage sale, probably next weekend. When we were sure there didn't have to be further trips back to our house, they took off their clothes and did the rest of their cleaning naked. 

If you've ever seen two trim, beautiful women vacuuming, mopping, stretching, dusting, bending over and the like, you know how enticing they could be. Before we'd ended the day, I'd fucked both of them, once each, Lisa first, over the dining room table because she hadn't cum yet today. Julia I caught wiping down the baseboards and her lovely naked ass made a perfect target , though I aimed a bit due South of the target. She'd been concentrating on her task and surprised when I filled her cunt, though not so surprised she didn't immediately back onto my cock. 

"Fuck me, Master," she moaned as I bottomed out. 

"What do you think I'm doing?" I grunted. 

"Hopefully not teasing me." 

"No, not teasing. Definitely not teasing. Going in for the finish." 

She laughed, squeezing down on my cock in the process. She managed to cum twice before I emptied myself in her. I didn't only fuck my slaves, I vacuumed all of the carpets and washed all the windows. It was looking pretty good before we finished.  

"Let's get pizza tonight after taking a swim to cool off," I said as we dressed. 

"Out or delivery, Master?" Lisa asked. 

"Delivery," I said. 

"No tipping anymore?" Julia asked. 

"No tipping," I responded. "Are you disappointed?" 

"No, sir. Only that we'll have to put on clothes." 

"I can take care of answering the door. You can stay nude and remain out by the pool if you want." 

"Since I can't have alcohol, sir, could you order me a raspberry flavored Arizona Ice Tea to go with my pizza?" 

"Of course." 

As soon as we crossed the space between the two houses, my slaves were naked again, running out to the pool and diving in to cool off. I delayed joining them long enough to grab a robe to answer the door in. I ordered two large pizza's and a large antipasto salad to share as we'd skipped lunch. My doorbell was loud enough to hear when they arrived, so I went to join the women at the pool. We played for about a half hour before I heard the bell ring and I jumped out to answer it. I'd prepaid, including tip, so there was nothing to it. The guy who delivered was looking around like he expected something else and disappointed not to find it. I suspected I knew the reason, especially since he appeared to have an erection straining at his jeans. I imagined word might have gotten around the delivery community what had happened a few times. 

"What are you looking for?" I asked. 

He looked down, rather sheepishly I thought, and said, "I heard it was possible to get another type of tip here." 

"It was a short time deal which is now over. It's never going to happen again. You might want to spread the word to other delivery drivers. No more tips of another sort." Especially men. I might reconsider if it was a woman, but then I'd probably still have guys hoping. 

His face immediately turned from one of excited anticipation to extreme disappointment. 

"Yeah, sure. I'll spread the word." 

I brought the pizzas and salad out by the pool, removed my robe and joined the ladies at the outdoor table. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"It appears word had begun to spread to other establishments, delivery drivers might expect a different sort of tip at our house. Completely new driver looking for one of you to tip him. Poor boy had a hard-on in anticipation. Told him to spread the word not to expect anything other than money anymore." 

Lisa looked up from her everything on it pizza. "Was he cute, Master?" Teasing me, a smile on her face. 

"Not as cute as Marcus," I said, grinning. "Didn't seem as well endowed either." 

"Marcus might have been too big, sir. I prefer your cock to his," Julia said. "Even the Strongs are a bit too wide." 

"What do you think, Lisa?" 

"I agree with Julia, sir. Yours and Jerry's cocks are the perfect size for both length and width." 

"Mmm. Perfect you say?" 

"Yes, Master," Julia said. "At least, it's what I'm used to. I love your prick and I'm perfectly willing to prove how much by sucking you off right now." 

"You can eat first and I have something else in mind for my cum than your mouth." 

"Yes, sir." She started eating faster. 

"There's no rush, slave. It's still early," I laughed. "I'd like to enjoy my supper first." 

Julia visibly slowed down. "I prefer fucking to eating most times, Master." 

"We'll try to take care of all your needs tonight, slave. Lisa and I will double team you later." 

"It sounds wonderful, Master." 

Julia still ate faster than Lisa and I in anticipation. Since she finished earlier, she went into the spa to soak after working hard cleaning all day. When Lisa and I finished, I told her she could join Julia while I stowed the rest of the pizza in the fridge. The salad was gone. Half of one pizza was left. We'd all been hungry. Coming back outside, Julia started to get out of the water. 

"Not yet, slave. Your Master deserves a soak as well." 

She settled back down, a look of disappointment on her face, but she'd learned not to argue. I settled into the water and called them both over. Since Julia was the last one I'd pleasured, I had Lisa sit in my lap while we kissed and I fingered her. She climaxed quickly, so I continued until she had another, squirming frantically as she orgasmed. I did Julia next and she settled on my lap as I did the same for her. She orgasmed twice in six minutes she was so wound up. Then I leaned back and relaxed, a naked slave in each arm, lightly stroking their outside breasts as I soaked. Very relaxing. Relaxing, but also stimulating, with a handful of boob and hard, taut nipple of two beautiful women in each palm. In twenty minutes, I was ready to play. Drying off, we went into to bedroom where we had a repeat of last night, but in the opposite order. I tied Julia to the bed and Lisa over her with an anal plug inserted, and while I fucked Lisa, they licked each other, both of them with numerous orgasms before I emptied my balls in Lisa's tight cunt, made more so by her plug. 

Lisa was told to put on the strapless and offered the opportunity to fuck whichever hole she wanted of Julia's. 

"I want to fuck her ass," she said, "and I'd like to drive like she did yesterday." 

While Lisa got the equipment, Julia cleaned me off and sucked me hard again, receiving a little help from Lisa when she returned. It didn't take long. It had been fairly early in the day the previous times I'd cum today. Stretching it out over several hours usually worked wonders. Julia mounted me and bent over for Lisa to enter her ass, which she did after lubricating her bum and the vibrator. Lisa fucked her ass hard, plunging nearly the full length of the dildo each time with the vibrator on. Julia was cumming like crazy, the palpitations of her pussy doing most of the work in keeping me hard, along with the vibrations buzzing so close to my cock. We were kissing passionately while I thumbed her nipples and stroked her tits. She was moaning almost constantly, shuddering with each climax as Lisa reamed her. I finally surrendered my load and it was me calling a halt because my cock was so sensitive. 

"Fuck!" I said. "Unbelievable. I swear you're both going to kill me." 

"Promise me rigor mortis will keep your dick hard, Master," Julia said, laughing. 

"Not forever," I replied. "All good things must come to an end." 

Lisa licked my cock and Julia's cunt clean before washing the strapless, then joined us in bed. I told Julia she had to lick Lisa to two more orgasms so they each ended cumming roughly the same number of times, since I given Julia a couple orgasms during breakfast. My cum was still leaking from Lisa's cunt from earlier, but it did nothing to stop Julia from complying with my request. When she came up from between Lisa's legs, her face was covered in Lisa's cum and mine. We both licked it off her face, then Lisa's, still glazed from earlier. 

"Are you happy?" I asked my slaves as we settled in for the night. Lisa was in the middle of the bed as we'd just finished with her. 

"Yes, Master. I can't imagine being any happier than I am now," Julia replied. 

"I agree, sir," Lisa replied. "I've never felt better about my life than I do right now." 

"I'm glad. Let's hope the feelings we have for each other now will get us through some of the inevitable rough spots we'll face." I kissed them both, returned fervently by each of them. 

****** 

After emptying my cock down Julia's throat, I told them what would happen today. 

"You're going to wear the Slave Trainers today, all day long, while you're working. Bring the charger with you so when it dies, you can charge it, no more than a half hour outside of your body. Recharge and put it back in. It's to stay in until I tell you to remove it." 

"Are we being punished, Master?" Julia asked. 

"No. I simply want you as aroused as possible all day long." 

"Will you be coming over later to take care of us, sir?" Lisa inquired. 

"No, I've got things to do too. I'll see you when I get home tonight. Have supper ready by six. Any questions?" 

Two slaves answered, "No, sir." 

I watched them put on the Slave Trainers and made sure they were running before I left. They put skirts or sundresses on for the trip to Lisa's house, though they were told to work naked all day. My slaves would be dying to cum by tonight. I checked my app to make sure everything was copacetic. Didn't want them helping each other cum, though there was nothing I could do to monitor them during the time it was removed and charging. The honor system would be involved for charging time. 

We ate breakfast before they left and they ate on their own as I wasn't going to allow them to cum until tonight. As soon as they were gone, I dressed and left as well. I had to make a stop at Mistress Dark's before going to Home Depot and my office. 

"Welcome, Master Scott," a naked Slut said, welcoming me into their home. "How can we help you today?" 

"Lisa and Julia have decided to remain slaves under new guidelines to which I'm amenable to. I'm looking for things you would commonly use to pleasure other women," I replied. "I want to understand all the ways you use to pleasure one another so my slaves can have sex with one another." 

"If you would follow me, sir. I'm sure we have a few things which might suit." She led me through the house towards Dark's dungeon. "Of course you have both strapless and strap-on dildos and vibrators, don't you? I remember you having some on Memorial Day." 

"Yes, that's correct. I'm trying to see what else might be available since neither of them were exposed to female on female sex before becoming slaves, and I certainly don't know much about it." 

Slut opened the door to the dungeon and Mistress Dark and Rose were there with both a male and female slave undergoing training. 

Mistress Dark hugged me when she saw me, as did Rose. 

"Welcome, Scott," Mistress Dark said. "How are you doing?" 

"Very good. I've decided to keep Lisa and Julia as slaves, but I wanted to know more about how women can pleasure each other as they are quite the handful for me all by myself. I've decided I'm no longer going to share their services with others and doing it all myself is quite exhausting. They're sexually quite demanding." 

"Master," Rose exclaimed, "you're keeping Lisa and Julia as slaves? How wonderful! I know they'll both enjoy their slavery a great deal." 

"You can deny them orgasms. You are in charge." 

"I understand. They're undergoing orgasm denial all day with Slave Trainers today, but I want them to enjoy themselves as well, and by watching them engage in sex, it's beneficial to my own libido, but I'm looking for something other than oral sex positions to watch." 

"On Memorial Day, you saw a couple of the women doing what we lesbians call scissoring or tribbing with another woman," Mistress Dark said. "Tribbing is really any genital to genital rubbing, while scissoring is a specific form of it. I believe Lisa did it with your Mother, so I'm sure she understands the concept. You could tell them they have to make each other orgasm without using their tongues. I'm certain they would find all kinds of interesting approaches on their own; everything from finger fucking and sex toys, to scissoring and strap-ons. If they want to cum, they'll figure it out. "Have you ever seen the film 'Requiem for a Dream', with Jennifer Connelly and Jared Leto?" 

"No, I haven't." 

"Slut, please bring a double headed dildo and some lubricant please." 

"Yes, Mistress." She disappeared. 

"'Requiem for a Dream' is a movie about drug addiction and the dangers it poses. Jennifer Connelly becomes addicted and starts using her body to get money for drugs. At one point during the movie, she participates in a sex show with three other women for money. One of the scenes shows what appears to be her engaged in sex with another woman. I'll show you what the scene looked like using Rose and Slut." 

"Okay." 

"On your hands and knees, Rose." 

"Yes, Mistress." 

She got down on her hands and knees in compliance. I started getting an erection. Slut returned quickly and Mistress Dark told her to grease up the dildo and slide it into Rose's cunt, then put the other end into herself, then they were to fuck bottom to bottom. Slut lubricated both ends, slid one end up into Rose and the other into herself. She backed her ass up to Rose's and they started fucking, bouncing back and forth against each other, their bottoms bouncing off each other, the dildo quickly covered in their cream. 

"This is a recreation of that scene in the movie. It can be done inserted into their cunts, their asses or cunt to ass. They can also scissor with the dong between them. Change position to a scissors, slaves." 

They both lay down and their legs quickly maneuvered between each other until they could grind their cunts together with the double dong sliding back and forth on occasion. My cock was fully hard now. 

"Mistress, may I cum?" Slut asked, panting hard. 

"You decide, Scott," Mistress Dark announced. 

"You can cum, slave," I said. Slut immediately started shuddering through an orgasm. 

"Master, I need to cum as well," Rose whimpered. 

"Go ahead, Rose. You can cum too." 

She sighed and climaxed. When they finished their orgasms, Mistress Dark told them to clean up after themselves and they licked the dildo clean, then each other's pussies, slick with their juices. 

"I'll buy one of those, please." 

"Of course. I suggest you allow one of my slaves to take care of your dick for you before you do yourself an injury." 

"I don't think I should," I replied. 

"Nonsense, Scott. You're a Master and you should never go around without relief when you have a slave nearby to take care of it. Are you violating any agreement you have with anyone by emptying yourself in one of my slaves?" 

"Not really." 

"What does that mean; not really." 

"I can have sex with other slaves. I just expected I'd do it around mine so I don't feel like I'm sneaking around." 

"Don't sneak around. Tell them what you're doing. Hell, send a picture with one of their lips wrapped around your dick. It's not your secret because you're doing it here." 

"Okay." It made sense to me. I could have sex with other slaves. 

"Slut, drain Master Scott's balls," she ordered. 

"Yes, Mistress." 

Slut opened my pants and pulled out my cock, rigidly hard. She started sucking me off. I pulled out my phone and took a picture with my cock half buried in her mouth. I added text saying, <em>Had to stop by MD's for info and a gift. Got an erection in the process. Slut is taking care of it for me.</em> Hit send and sent it on its way. Before I orgasmed, Julia sent me a kiss emoji, red lips puckered with the message <em>Wish it was me</em>. My mind eased, I sent large jets of cum down Slut's throat. 

"Thank you, Master," she said, finishing up by cleaning me off. 

"You're welcome and thank you. For a lesbian, you suck cock very well." 

"Mistress ensures we're able to take care of any of her guests," Slut replied. 

"Thank you, Mistress Dark, for allowing your slave to take care of me." I held up the box Rose had put in a bag for me. "I'll make sure this is put to good use." 

"You're welcome. By the way. Your bondage furniture sold quickly, a Singapore buyer. We're boxing it and shipping it off tomorrow. Rose is trying to develop written instructions, but it would be better if you did it because you understand it more. If you email them to me, I'll forward it to the purchaser. It should get there before the package itself. If you come to my office. I'll give you your cut." 

"Wow, already? How much did it sell for?" 

"$5500. Your cut is 70%. The buyer is paying for the shipping." 

"Crazy. We'll probably sell ours, too. Sell it as used. You can send one of your slaves to pick it up on Wednesday. I'm going to build a new bed stand. We're getting an Alaskan king size bed, so we need something else. I'm going to add a punishment suite to the bed." 

"Really? What's an Alaskan king?" 

"Nine foot by nine foot. We used one at Brianna Worth's estate. It's well worth the money for the extra room it gives you." 

"You know Brianna Worth? Owner of Brianna's Baubles?" We reached her office and she sat down, pulling out a checkbook. 

"Not all that well. I mostly know her legal counsel, Zoe. I dated her at college. We spent last weekend down in LA at her place. The people there convinced me to keep Lisa and Julia as slaves." 

"I've wanted to carry some of her better items to sell myself. I was at a Nude for the Homeless auction a couple years ago. The stuff her model was wearing was incredible, and the model was beautiful. I wanted to fuck her in the worst way." 

"I met her too. She has that effect on people." 

"Is she still modeling? I haven't seen her in any of her catalogs." 

"It was a one time thing she did before she moved to California. She has a completely different job. You'd never believe it." 

"Try me." 

"Sheriff's Deputy." 

"That gorgeous creature is hiding behind a deputy's uniform." 

"Yes, she is." 

"What a waste. Unbelievable." She tapped out some numbers on a calculator. "It's $3850 for you. Should I make it out to you?" 

"Please, we haven't formalized the business yet." 

She finished writing out the check and handed it to me, saying, "Slut will see you out. Rose, I need you to take care of your Mistress." 

As I left, Rose was sinking to her knees as MD pushed her leather g-string aside for Rose to lick her cunt. 

At the door, I kissed Slut and thanked her again for her service. 

"Please let your slaves play with us sometime, sir, and we'll be amply awarded for our service to you." 

"I'm sure it will happen sometime." 

"Have a good day, Master Scott." She closed the door behind me. 

I put my package in the trunk and headed to Lowe's. I had to see if they had what I was looking for. I found everything I needed there, so it was only a question of designing what I wanted. For that, I headed to the office and the CAD program I had there. It was going to be a large bed with plenty of space. I just needed to make sure it was properly utilized. 

****** 

JULIA 

I thought we'd outgrown the Slave Trainer, being the properly trained slave sluts we were. Master had other ideas, however. Well within his prerogative, of course. Our orgasms did belong to him. Still, the Slave Trainer was so fucking diabolical. Every time we got close to an orgasm, it shut off, and we came close to climax multiple times during the day. It slowed our work, we became so desperate, yet we could see we would finish anyway. I wanted nothing more than for Lisa to get me off in anyway she could. We might have gotten away with it while the fucking Trainers were charging, but if we weren't obedient slaves, then all we were was neighbors fucking against my husbands wishes, a fucking lesbian slut. It was a neat moral box, made all the worse when I received a photo of Master getting his cock sucked by Slut during a visit to Mistress Dark's. 

"Fuck him. Slut is sucking Master's cock. We should be able to cum too," I said. 

"Think about what you're saying, Julia. Your husband is getting his dick sucked by another woman and the only thing you're concerned about is whether or not you should be able to cum as well. You're sharing him with your next door neighbor and friend and he's cumming in the mouth of another slave and you don't give a shit about it. Only whether or not we should ignore his orders and cum anyway. How twisted have we become?" 

I laughed. "Pretty damn twisted." 

"You know Master. He was probably offered Slut's mouth. He likely refused initially until Mistress Dark told him he was being stupid to ignore a waiting slave to ease his suffering. Dollars to doughnuts he's buying something to make our lives more enjoyable. She's a slave, so he's not cheating on our agreement. He's well within his rights as Master. Just grin and bear it. Tell him you wish it was you instead." 

So, that's what I did. Sent him a big sloppy red kiss emoji and said I wished it was me sucking his dick. It was true; I wished I was. I did wonder what he was doing there. We'd find out soon enough. The rest of the day dragged because we were so fucking horny and unable to do a thing about it. We finished at four and went home, showered, and started dinner. I was nearly dying when Master got home, I needed to cum so bad. He was carrying a bag. We begged for him to fuck us or at least let us take the Slave Trainers off and pleasure ourselves. He refused, even refused the blow job we offered him when he got home, saying he needed to save himself for later. Later couldn't get here soon enough for me. He didn't even feed one of us, leaving us on the Slave Trainers as we ate. 

At the conclusion of our meal, he said, "I have some good news for you slaves." I was hoping he'd tell us we could cum now, but what he told us was almost as good. "Our bondage furniture sold. After taking her cut, Mistress Dark gave us this check for $3850. After the expenses for the materials, $760, half, or $1545 will go to me for expenses and $772.50 for each of you. After you're done with the real estate agent tomorrow, I want you to deposit this check, and open up savings accounts for each of you to deposit your money into. I will be responsible for all of your expenses from now on, from clothes to food to toys, whatever we need. Your accounts are yours and I don't want any money removed from them for any purpose. You will let your money accumulate." 

That was extremely good news, one we were both happy to hear. 

"I have developed plans for a new bed frame for our new bed. The supplies will be delivered on Tuesday. You will start cutting the wood according to my plans on Tuesday, including sanding, staining and finishing. Next weekend, I will show you how it needs to go together. We'll be selling our other bondage furniture as used through MD, which means we probably won't get as much for it. Someone will pick it up on Wednesday. Whoever arrives to pick it up, you'll be allowed to pleasure to four orgasms. You may have none yourself. I expect you to wear the Slave Trainer's every day this week." 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
Shit. Master was taking complete control of our sexuality. Wearing the Slave Trainers for a week was going to turn us into slavering Pavlovian dogs begging to cum at every opportunity. Even Lisa looked upset and she usually took the news better than I did when Master wanted to deny our orgasms. She still had to work on a couple things involving address changes, including driver's license. She'd be doing all of this wearing her Slave Trainer. She'd have to carry a towel to wipe the juices running down her legs while she was out in public. I'd be working at home, other than tomorrow, and that was only at her house when the real estate lady came, so it wouldn't be quite so bad for me. 

"Why don't you clean up the kitchen and I'll show you what I bought from Mistress Dark." 

Finally, maybe some sex? I sure hoped so. 

"Yes, Master," I said, soon echoed by Lisa. 

We hurried. I mean fast. We still hadn't been allowed to cum since getting up and we'd been edged all day by the Slave Trainers. Both Lisa and I were dying to cum. We joined Master in the bedroom. He was undressed and his cock was enlarged, though not yet hard. Lisa or I could make quick work of getting an erection. When we were finally allowed to remove the trainers, Master made us lick the other one's clean before we could wash it and put it back on the charger. They were each coated in our love juices, so aroused were we from its affects. I'd have preferred licking the source, the underlying material having a rubbery taste to our snack. 

Then Master made us shower, further delaying our release. Lisa and I didn't dare touch one another as we were so ready to cum. When we returned, still damp, Master made us get some lube, so I imagined one of us was getting fucked in the ass. Instead, he handed us this long, thick, double headed dildo and told us to put one end in each of us and to hump each other, bottom to bottom. At this point, I would have humped a buffalo, I was so horny, so we put some lube, (unnecessary, I assure you) on each end, and got ready to put it in. 

"You must have my permission to cum," Master said. 

"Master, I'm sure I'll cum the instant I put it in me," I informed him, "so please give me permission to cum now." 

"How about you, Lisa. Is it the same for you?" 

"I believe so, sir." 

"Then you may each cum once, but you need to have permission to cum any subsequent time." 

I didn't wait. It was long and thick and I put it in me and orgasmed, moaning wildly. My climax went on for almost two minutes, and when it ended, I aimed my buttocks at Lisa. She reached behind her and put the other end against her cunt and slid over the end until our bottoms bumped and she was climaxing too, if the sounds emanating from her lips was any indication. Fuck we were desperate. I gave it a couple minutes with our asses kissing so she could work her way through hers, then started moving, back and forth. Heavenly. Three minutes later, I was ready to orgasm again, panting like a dog in August. 

"Master, may I cum please," I begged. 

"Not yet." 

I groaned. Master was too cruel. I had to stop moving or I'd cum again. I stopped, but Lisa didn't. She kept moving and I was ready to explode. 

"Master," I pleaded, "please let me cum!" 

"You may cum when Lisa cums," Master said. 

"Then she can cum now," Lisa moaned, "because I'm cumming." 

I wailed in relief and shuddered through a monstrous orgasm. 

"You didn't have permission to cum yet, Lisa." 

"Then punish me, because I couldn't wait any longer." 

Master laughed. "Don't worry, I will." 

Given we'd both orgasmed twice in a relatively short time, we were able to put off the next one for several minutes, but not indefinitely. Soon we were both begging again. Master laughed again. 

"Nothing I like better than desperate slaves," he said. 

Desperate is right. I tried to hold out as long as I could, maybe lasting about four more minutes, though it seemed more like four hours. Finally, I gave up the fight and surrendered to my need, whimpering like a baby. Lisa didn't last much longer. 

"That's thirty for you, Julia, and sixty for Lisa, thirty with The Enforcer. I'd like you to change positions now and scissors one another." 

I was familiar, it was one of the things Zoe and I had done in her bedroom. Without missing a beat, we moved until we our cunts were pressed together, almost as if glued there. We started rubbing, pussy to pussy, the genital contact mixing with the double dong to bring us rapidly to another crest. Fuck! 

"Please let me cum, Master," I implored him. 

"You may both cum as often as you like for the rest of the night." 

I was cumming before the word 'rest' left his mouth. Lisa was right with me. We quickly gave each other three more before Master fed me his cock. He didn't cum in me, just let me suck his dick for several minutes, then letting Lisa finish him off. It was his third blow job of the day and she still had trouble swallowing it all. He must be enjoying our performance. We were each allowed to cum three more times. It almost made up for wearing the Slave Trainers all day. Master made us lick the dildo clean before we were allowed to wash it. I licked Lisa's cum and she licked mine. It was even creamier than the Slave Trainer had been. Then we were told to lick each other's cunt, but no more orgasms while we did, so we had to be careful, but managed to avoid more punishment. 

"That was entertaining," he said, his cock still engorged with blood, lying limp upon his thighs. "Lisa, get The Enforcer." 

It was for me too. Nine orgasms so far, and if Master's cock was any indication, more would follow. While Lisa was up, Master tied me to the bed with a pillow under my hips, raising my bottom for his punishment. Being bound to the bed immediately ratcheted up my arousal again. Master waited for Lisa to return before starting, going slowly through all thirty of my spankings. He was getting harder with his spankings. We were growing into them together, his spankings now no worse to me than the first ones he gave me, even though they were harder. In fact, I orgasmed during my spanking. He'd told me I could cum as much as I wanted for the rest of the night except when Lisa and I cleaned ourselves off and I took Master at his word. Still I know my ass was glowing red before he finished. 

Master released me and tied Lisa down the same. He gave her the spankings by hand, hitting her as hard as he'd struck me. She took it as well as I did, though not cumming. When he was finished, he handed me The Enforcer. 

"You'll give her the remaining thirty," Master said. 

I stared at Lisa's bottom, still red from Master's spanking, her pussy glistening from her own need. I thought briefly of going easy on her, knowing how The Enforcer stung like a bitch, but knew Master would give it to me too, if I failed to give her one as hard as he expected. 

"May I give her another orgasm first?" I asked. 

"How?" 

"Either licking her or with this." I held up the handle of the Enforcer. 

He thought for a few seconds. "You can give her an orgasm with The Enforcer if I can spank your bottom ten times with it after you're done giving hers." 

My bottom still felt warm from his spanking, though it barely hurt anymore and ten times wasn't so bad. I could withstand ten more to give Lisa some relief. "Agreed," I said before pushing the handle into her creamy cunt. Lisa grunted and spread her legs wider, the handle quickly soaked in her juices. Within a minute, she was cumming, moaning as he body shivered through another orgasm. I continued fucking her until it was over, then licked the handle clean. I proceeded to give her the thirty swats, rather hard ones as I didn't want to add to the ten I was already getting. She was silently crying when I was finished, and I kissed the salty tears from the side of her face. Master released her and turned her over onto her flaming ass and ate her to two more orgasms, while I held her head in my lap and stroked her hair. 

When he was done, his face was covered in her cum. I licked his face, his whiskers long enough to rasp on my tongue. He kissed me, then ordered me over his lap. I obediently complied, my bum arched over his legs. 

"Why did you agree to be spanked to ease your sister slaves's pain?" Master asked. 

"I didn't want her to suffer through consecutive spankings without some relief, sir." 

"Thank you," Lisa said. "You didn't have to do it knowing you'd get ten of your own." 

"I wanted to. Ten isn't so bad," I said. "I can almost enjoy ten." 

Master laughed, then he struck me with the first. It was hard, harder than he usually used The Enforcer on me. I flinched, since it was harder, but it was only ten. I barely moved for the next nine, though my ass burned again, as much as it had after the first spanking. Master plunged the handle up my own pussy, giving me the relief I'd given Lisa, fucking me to an orgasm, the pain washing away in the pleasure. When my trembling eased, he pulled me to my knees and rammed his cock into me, his body smacking against my ass in a mixture of pleasure/pain. He fucked me until his cock spewed the contents of his balls into me, giving me four more orgasms in the process since he lasted quite awhile. When he pulled out, I cleaned up after myself, while Lisa cleaned me, giving me another. I was such a fucking slave slut. 

"By my count," Master said to me, "you owe your sister slave three orgasms. No more for you, however, if I'm to be completely fair." 

"Yes, sir." 

So as Master settled in to sleep, I licked Lisa to three more climaxes. We were as quiet as could be in order to avoid waking him, then Lisa licked my face clean of her cum as we settled into each others arms and fell asleep, feeling quite sated.  

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 25|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-25|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<em>Scott, Julia and Lisa find life unfolding in quite a pleasant way as they get deeper into their new life together. This chapter contains oral, anal and lesbian sex, normal sexual intercourse and a deepening love between the characters. As with all previous chapters in this tale, STD's are not a problem for the participants. </em>

<strong>Ch 25 - Life Unfolds</strong>

SCOTT

Life started taking on a certain rhythm. I started the day happily drained, went to work, and ended the day fucking two marvelous sex slaves who were becoming more loving and desirable over time. Since they were each wearing their Slave Trainers all day long, they couldn't wait to fuck, though I enjoyed making them wait. On Monday, Jerry told me he planned to buy into the company, but he would have to take it slow and steady. He and Reneé had agreed to extend their experiment another month as it had worked out fine thus far. If it continued to work out for another month, they planned on making it permanent. I asked Jerry if he and his new slave would like to come to dinner on Saturday night. He thought it would be fun. We both found out the next poker game would be at Regina's, though Rob would be the host.

The real estate agent finished the pictures, Julia letting her in as Lisa was finishing up moving her life from her old address to ours. I wondered if we were making a mistake by selling Lisa's house right off the bat before seeing how we all got along together, but it's not like we were all unknown quantities at this point. We'd known each other since we moved here. We were all friends, and Lisa and Julia were besties. They'd expressed how each of them felt sharing me, and it didn't seem to be jealousy as much as envy anytime someone other than they were getting fucked. Since I ensured they got fucked equally, they seemed content.

The materials for our new bed frame were delivered on Tuesday and Lisa and Julia started working on finishing the wood. Mistress Dark and Slut arrived the same day to take possession of our used bondage furniture. They were told I had authorized my slaves to provide four orgasms to whoever picked up the furniture. MD and Slut left having received two orgasms apiece from each of them. Mistress Dark told Julia she'd like to see the finished bed product.

Wednesday, we decided that Julia would come to the poker game. She could serve food and beverages to the group, but fully clothed and not available as a prize. Both Lisa and Julia would remove their Trainers before going, but it would further delay their release. I didn't know what Jerry planned doing with Reneé, or even if he'd bring her, but Julia could keep her company if he did. I picked out clothing for her to wear. It covered everything but was immodest at best, accentuating her lovely figure.

On the whole, the poker game went smoothly. Jerry did bring Reneé and she served naked, though she wasn't offered as a prize. Just once did Jerry have to remind Regina, of all people, Reneé wasn't communal property when she got a bit too handsy. She was given more latitude than the men anyway for the same reason I didn't object as much to females with my slaves, but when she shoved two fingers up her pussy, Jerry told her to back off. She apologized. Rob and Edward might have considered doing the same if they weren't currently living with Regina, but doing it in front of her might be considered a breach of etiquette. Everyone treated Lisa and Julia fine. I figured I would gradually uncover more and more of Julia each week and might eventually let her serve naked again if the behavior of everyone remained above board. Because Lisa was a player, I wasn't going to subject her to playing naked, though it might help her win if the boys paid more attention to her than their cards. I was willing to let her attire become more revealing.

Before we left, we told everyone we would be having a bonding ceremony and they were all invited to attend.

"What's a bonding ceremony?" Jerry asked.

"Because I can't marry Lisa in addition to Julia, we're signing a contract giving each of us certain rights and obligations should problems arise in the relationship. For example, if we're going to raise our children as a unit, Lisa would have no parental rights of visitation to Julia's children in the event of a dissolution, or vice versa. This despite establishing emotional attachments to the children over the course of time. The contract would spell out the obligation to allow visitation with all of the children produced by our union to all the parties. We could just sign the contract, but we'd like to ceremonially establish our union before our friends and relatives. In addition, we plan to memorialize their agreement to bond to me as submissive slaves and I as their Master."

"You plan to let Lisa have children with your husband?" Regina asked Julia.

"I do. It is our intent to become fully married to each other in all but name. We've talked about it and we're thinking four right now, two apiece."

"And that isn't against the law?" Chen asked.

"Not as long as no one is married to more than one person," I replied.

Jerry looked at Reneé and asked, "Does this sound like something you'd like to do?"

"If we agree to make our relationship permanent at the end of our month; I'd love to do something similar."

"What about you three?" I asked Ed, Rob and Regina. "Do you plan on just living together or making a more permanent arrangement? Marriage does provide certain legal protections to people which others don't have. Even things as simple as hospital visits become easier if you're a relative. Lovers don't have the same protections, plus taxes sometimes work out better."

"I'm still married to Ron. While I'm leaning to divorce, I haven't fully committed to it."

"Why not?" Lisa asked.

"Surprisingly, Edward suggested waiting to be sure of how I feel about it later."

We all looked at Edward. "Hey, they've been married a few years. From my understanding of the whole submission thing, she could still have sex with Rob and I. Isn't that how you work it?"

"It was different at the beginning than it is now. I made some assumptions about Julia I shouldn't have made which were quite painful to witness and the reason I only agreed to three weeks. It's been altered now. I don't want her having sex with any other men anymore, and probably only other women slaves as far as women go. I won't have sex with anyone other than another slave and only if mine are accorded the same privileges at some point. Let's face it, I don't mind watching my slaves with women, but by limiting it to slaves, we're not completely opening up our marriage to other people. I'd be somewhat concerned about Ron if you carry out your plan, at least based upon conversations I've had now with other slaves and other dominants. Part of the reason slaves agree to the power exchange, is an understanding their needs will be taken into consideration. My slaves trust me to take care of them. I have as much responsibility to them as they do to me. I do it because I love them and they love their slavery. If they're not met, why would they grant me this power over themselves?

"Despite knowing I'm going to have sex with other slaves, Julia knows she has as much right to them as I do. I'm not doing anything she can't do. For most people, even slaves, there is a component of their ego or some other facet of their personalities which recognizes the pain of your spouse having sex with others. Julia isn't immune to the pain of my having sex with other people, even Lisa. But at least she can too. If you don't think you can satisfy Ron, and offer him the same releases as you expect for yourself, don't hold onto him."

"You mean allowing him to have sex with Ed and Rob?" Regina asked.

"Possibly. At the very least, others. If you think he won't be negatively affected by watching you having sex with Rob and Edward, you're wrong. He may not be able to express his fears or anger or dissatisfaction, but it doesn't mean he's unaffected by it. If you're unwilling to be a good Mistress to him, let him go."

"Would you be willing to have sex with Ron?" Regina asked her two boyfriends.

"He does suck cock great," Rob said. "I'm not sure I'd want to do anything else with him. I definitely wouldn't want to suck his. Maybe I'd consider fucking him in the ass, but not getting fucked in the ass."

"I don't know," Edward admitted. "It was fine trying it once, but I don't think it's something I want on a permanent basis. I have what I want right here." He pulled Regina against his side.

"Will you continue having sex with him, Regina?" Julia said.

"I don't know. I have a lot to handle right now," squeezing the Strong men's hands.

"If you can't, let someone have him who will enjoy what he's offering," I said, "and take care of him. You know, it was the reading material of Julia's which prompted me to ask if she wanted to try slavery and share her initially. Almost all of them featured submission and she read a lot of reverse harem books where one woman is expected to service multiple men. You're the first real example I've seen of it in real life. I now know two women with multiple woman slaves and one other male with two slaves, but only you with two men. I know they're not submissive to you, but how do you like it?"

"I adore it," Regina replied. "While sex with Ron was never bad, it was never particularly good either. I know why now, but between them, these men can fuck all night long and I love it. I've never had such great sex."

"What about you two," I asked. "The reason I quit sharing my slaves is it was painful watching them with other men. What's it like sharing a woman between you. Do you get jealous of each other at all?"

Edward and Rob looked at each other momentarily, but Edward finally answered. "As twins, we've often shared things with each other, though never a woman before. To a certain, and I would guess unusual, extent, I don't feel jealousy watching Rob with Regina. It's almost like I'm having sex with her myself. It's not like I'm in his body. It's more like I'm outside myself watching me have sex with her."

Rob was nodding as Edward spoke. "I agree. Watching Ed fuck Regina brings me almost as much satisfaction as fucking her myself. Doubling up on her is the best feeling in the world, otherworldly, in fact."

Regina blushed as he spoke. Images of Regina impaled on the two Strong cocks floated through everyone's mind.

"Shit, I can't listen to this," Chen said. "I need to find someone for myself. Listening to you fuckers talking about your sex lives is driving me nuts."

"Master Chen," Reneé said softly, "I have a friend who just broke up with her boyfriend. She works at the mall like I do, though not at the same store. She's been intrigued listening to my descriptions of what I've done. I don't know if she's willing to be a sex slave as Julia, Lisa and I are, though she's curious about it. She would definitely be interested in dating though. She just wants to find someone who will treat her well. Her last boyfriend was abusive, not physically, but verbally and emotionally."

"Really? What's her name and how old is she?"

"Her name is Janet and she's twenty-eight, seven years older than I am," Reneé replied. "I can check with her to see if she's interested in dating right now."

"I hate being a rebound guy," Chen said, "but hell yeah. I'd like to meet her at least."

"May I take your picture and show it to her?"

"Sure."

Reneé got her phone and took a photo of Chen. "I will show her your picture tomorrow after work. Would you mind if I tell her you're a wonderful lover?"

"You don't think it will bother her knowing I've fucked you?"

"Unknown really. She does know about the Memorial Day party and a lot of wild things took place there. If she knows you were present, she'll know what happened and why. Eventually, she'd find out. I think it's best she knows ahead of time."

"I suppose you're right. Might as well get it out there. Do you have a picture of her?"

Reneé scrolled through the pictures on her phone, finding one.

"This is a selfie I took at the food court with Janet." She handed her phone to Chen.

"This blonde hottie is your friend, Janet?"

"Yes."

"Why the hell hasn't she been snapped up before?"

"She just got out of this relationship with the abusive person. Her self-esteem isn't very high right now. Her boyfriend was constantly critical of her. She actually gained a few pounds since this picture was taken. She feels quite worthless now. It would be good if you could build her up some."

"How much are a few pounds?"

"Only five or so. She feels 125 is her ideal weight and she's been eating too much since her break up."

"That's not horrible," Chen said.

"Still the extra weight makes her feel worse about herself and lowers her self-esteem further. I think you would be good for her."

"If she wants to lose weight; Julia and I would be happy to take her under our wing and exercise with her," Lisa said.

"She works most days," Reneé said. "It would have to be in the evenings or weekends."

"Master," Julia asked, "would you object to altering our routine enough to include Janet?"

"I'm willing to be flexible."

"Wait a minute. I'm the one who wants to date her. How will I know she's safe at your place with you deviants?" Chen asked.

"Lisa and I go to the gym three days a week to exercise, and Master would never fuck Janet if she isn't a slave even if she came to our house. She's probably safer there than your house."

"What about you two? You wouldn't have sex with her either?"

"We can't have sex with non-slaves either and with slaves, only with Master's permission. We still have rules. We can help build her confidence up."

"Master," Reneé asked Jerry, "would you have objections to my joining their exercise group?"

"We're having supper with Scott and his slaves Saturday. Why don't we discuss it then?"

"Yes, Master," she said.

"Chen, if it can be arranged in the next couple days, why don't you and Janet come over on Saturday as well? There might be less pressure if you meet her in a group, feeling less like a date."

"Only if she doesn't meet us as naked slaves, Master," Julia said. "That would be much worse, especially if she's feeling self-conscious about her body now. Perhaps if we invite them, we should go out to a restaurant instead, Luigi's or some other nice place."

"Would you have an objection to a change in venue Jerry?" I asked.

"Not if we can still have steaks," Jerry replied. "After the invite, I've really got my mouth watering for steak."

"Ruth Chris Steakhouse then at 6:30?"

"Fine."

"Chen, what do you say?"

"If Reneé thinks Janet would be up for it, I'm game."

"I will ask her tomorrow, sir," Reneé said, "and give her your phone number if she's agreeable. I assume my Master has it?"

"He should. He calls me about four times a week for business."

"We have a done deal then," I said. "We'll see you on Saturday, Jerry. Still at my house if Janet's not ready yet, otherwise Ruth Chris. Chen, good luck on the lady. I'll see the rest of you next week, same time, what place?"

"It would be my turn," Regina said, "so my place again. The following time is Lisa's so I'm assuming we'll be back at your house for that one, Scott?"

"Yes, Lisa's got her house on the market. Going all in for the relationship."

"Really?" Chen asked. "I've been looking to upgrade. How much are you asking?"

"$490k," Lisa replied, "ten thousand less than the realtor thought I might get for it and I'm willing to take less."

"Might I come over earlier on Saturday and see it?"

"Of course, sir."

The poker game finally broke up afterward. With all the conversation after the game and with work tomorrow, I didn't feel I could take the time for sex tonight, which since they'd worn their Slave Trainers all day, immensely disappointed my two slaves. While not verbally complaining, having learned her lesson previously, Julia put on quite the pout. To make it up to them, I allowed them to give each other four orgasms each and I went to sleep with the sounds of tongues dipping into needy liquid cunts and the soft exhalations and smothered gasps of lovely slaves experiencing pleasure. I was only dimly aware of their curling around me when they were done.

******

JULIA

As disappointed as I was Master wasn't sharing his cock with us tonight, Lisa and I were becoming very proficient at giving one another pleasure. Given our desperate need after wearing our Slave Trainer's all day, four orgasms took almost no time at all. I doubt Master was fully asleep before we finished. He informed us the following morning after his morning blow job we'd be wearing our Slave Trainer's again today, though we could wait until we returned from the gym. During our morning exercise, we discussed our lack of cock last night and what we might do to ensure we got plenty tonight. Fortunately, the gym was relatively unoccupied and we had some privacy for our conversation or quite a few people might have been shocked by the subject of our discourse.

"I was thinking we should give ourselves enemas every weekend," I told Lisa, "so Master can fuck our asses and we can suck him afterward. I would have said Saturday, but with our going out to dinner tomorrow night, I think today should be the day. Something light for supper and pounce."

Lisa laughed. "I think that's a marvelous idea. I'm with you, my sister."

"If Chen were to buy your house, how would you feel about him living next door since we've both fucked him?"

"Chen is quite polite. I do not see him making a big stink about it. Of all the men who've had us, he's the one most likely to ignore our continued slavery."

"I suppose you're right. Edward was the first person I sucked other than my husband during my marriage, but Chen was the first one I made cum during my first poker game."

"I remember. He climaxed all over your face, before you covered his cock with your mouth and swallowed the rest. It was very exciting and one of the reasons I asked to become a slave as well. You were very brave."

"I wasn't brave. I was scared as hell. I didn't know if Master was giving me a test or actually wanted me to suck other people off."

"Still, you did it."

"I sometimes wish now I hadn't. It wouldn't have been so hard on Master."

"If you hadn't, I might not be your sister slave now," Lisa reminded me.

"I did it because of the Slave Trainer, how desperate I was to cum. I can't believe I go for the whole day with it on now. Then, I couldn't bear it. Now, it's a regular part of my existence."

"Master is very clever. He knows how needy it makes us."

"We'd be needy anyway. I'm always wet and ready to fuck anymore. I don't need to be turned on. I'm always turned on. I'm not even sure if I possess an off switch. I could cum all day long without breaking a sweat."

"It's one of the things I most enjoy about being a slave," Lisa said, "how much I crave sex. Morning, noon or night, I'm always ready for it."

"I think my pregnancy makes it worse. If anything, I desire it more. Four times climaxing last night was a drop in the bucket. I could have cum a dozen times and it might not have been enough."

"Did your OB tell you when you need to stop?"

"She said as long as Master's careful, he can keep fucking me through the end of my pregnancy."

We went home and after giving ourselves enemas to cleanse our rectums for Master, put our Slave Trainers in before working on the new bed frame. All the pieces were cut and sanded. They still needed to be stained and varnished, but we were close to having everything ready to put together. We supposed it would be one of the things we'd be working on this weekend. Since we no longer had our previous bondage furniture. I was looking forward to its construction. There was nothing so exciting to me as being bound and unable to resist whatever Master had planned for me, from a spanking or whipping, to a fucking. Being displayed and sold was so arousing. Not knowing who would purchase you and then be fucking you. It might be the one thing I would miss from the beginning of my slavery - the anticipation of being sold to a temporary Master. I knew why the slaves at Brianna imagined why being sold would be such a turn-on. It was.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
By the time Master came home, the combination of my Slave Trainer and the memories of being bound, displayed and sold had me in a dither. I wanted him to fuck me so much, I could hear my cunt squishing as I walked. Lisa was no better off. The scent of aroused slave permeated the basement while we worked. The fact we hadn't been fucked yesterday had doubled down on our arousal. Master noted it on his arrival, probably smelling us before he saw us.

"I have some slaves who seem quite ripe to me."

"Yes, Master," I agreed. "Both of your slaves are in critical need of a fucking. The lack of said fucking yesterday and with our Slave Trainers in all day since gym class have both of us ready to pop."

"You'll be pleased to know both of us underwent enemas today so we can suck your cock after you've fucked our ass," Lisa added. "We were hoping for sex before supper tonight."

"Sorry ladies, no can do. I skipped lunch today. I'm starving."

We both groaned grievously, though no one complained aloud. Doing so would only delay an orgasm for the one who complained, probably until tomorrow. We asked Master if he wanted a blow job while the other one set the table. He declined, saying it sounded as if he should save himself for the evening's festivities. While his words were welcomed since we both hoped to keep him very busy, it further delayed how long it would be before we tasted his cum.

We were eating light tonight as dinner tomorrow promised to be heavy; a chicken Caesar salad. Master didn't even feed one of us so there was no relief. By the end of supper we were squirming near uncontrollably on our chairs, so fucking needy by this time. If he'd even let us take the Slave Trainers out, it would be a blessing.

Supper over, Master said he'd like to watch TV for awhile. Lisa and I looked at each other in dismay, yet neither of us protested. We'd been wearing the damn Slave Trainers all week long and Master wanted to watch TV instead of fucking either of his two delectable slaves? He turned on the TV and we sat in front of him on the floor. I couldn't say for the life of me what we watched. I don't think Lisa could say either. He idly rubbed our heads, stroking our hair, caressing our faces, when all we really wanted was to have our breasts squeezed and caressed, our nipples pinched and twisted, and hard cock shoved hard into our cunts or asses. I was ready to scream in pent up frustration, but knew he was waiting for one of us to break. My legs were quivering from my need to cum, yet he ignored us.

"It's getting late and I'm awfully tired," Master said, yawning. "I think we should go to bed."

"To sleep, Master?" Lisa asked.

"Yes. I'm exhausted."

Fuck! I was ready to scream. One of us was going to have to take the hit or neither of us was going to get fucked tonight. I tried to be polite, couching it in the form of a plea, not an order.

"Master, your slaves are quite frustrated from wearing our Slave Trainers all day. Neither of us were fucked last night either due to the lengthy conversation following the poker game. We would find it very beneficial to have sex. At least one of us, Master, if it please you. I'm not demanding a fucking, you understand, merely asking if it would be possible, sir. Pretty please. At least fuck Lisa, sir."

"Or Julia, Master," Lisa added. "Either one of us, sir. I beg of you."

Master grinned at us. "I wondered who would break first," he said. "Of course, there will be a penalty imposed for breaking."

"Yes, Master, I understand. Shall I get The Enforcer or the whip?" I asked, willing to accept any punishment if only we could be fucked.

"Neither one," Master said. "The one who broke first must wear the Slave Trainer all day tomorrow, including while we're out to supper."

Fuck me! Shoot me now. Master had us over a fucking barrel. Lisa attempted to save me, bless her heart.

"Master, Julia only expressed what we were both feeling. It was only a matter of which of us would speak first. She beat me by mere moments. Please punish me instead."

"So noble, willing to take the punishment for each other. Okay. I tell you what. I'll punish you both. You will both wear Slave Trainers tomorrow."

Lisa didn't save me, she only extended the punishment to herself. If we'd have said nothing, would he have fucked us anyway, as unwilling to go without sex as we were? He sure jumped on quickly enough.

"However," Master added, "you'll only need to wear it when others are present."

At least we wouldn't be suffering all day long, only when others were present to observe our squirming and smell our arousal; lovely. At least one of us was getting fucked tonight, maybe both, since the punishment seemed to start tomorrow.

Master allowed us to remove the Slave Trainers when we got to the bedroom. We each had to clean the other one's off before placing them in the charger. I don't think I've ever seen it so coated in girl cum as it was today. We'd been wearing it for ten hours, except charging times, twice at thirty minutes apiece. Kept aroused but unable to cum all that time. It was thick with the stuff, but we were both used to girl juices by now and licked them clean, glad to have the damn things out of us.

When Master took his pants off, he looked painfully hard, for God knows how long. Maybe since we'd told him we'd cleansed ourselves for him. He would have fucked us anyway, so I spoke for nothing, playing a game of chicken which he won.

He chose Lisa to fuck first, her reward for not speaking first. As soon as Master entered her cunt, she screamed in ecstasy and climaxed, like the slave slut she was. I would too. I was no better, and maybe worse. Even thinking of Master penetrating my pussy had me close to orgasm. He fucked her for like five minutes in her cunt, giving her two more, then pulled out, aiming for her ass. She climaxed again as he popped through her anal ring, squealing like a stuck pig. Having nothing better to do, I lay on the bed with my head between Master's legs, licking and sucking his ball sack to speed his orgasm along. The quicker he climaxed in Lisa, the quicker he could fuck me. He only lasted another three or four minutes in her tight ass before he grunted and I could see wave after wave of cum spurting from his balls into her bottom, pulsing spasmodically with each burst. I waited only long enough for his orgasm to end before I pushed Lisa out of the way and sucked his shaft into my mouth.

The last time I'd sucked him ass to mouth, it had been my ass and my mouth. This time it was Lisa's and I didn't give a shit, meaning it in the literal sense of the word. His cock had the musky odor and earthy flavor of an ass fucking cock, but it hadn't even been up her that long and it was the reason we'd done the cleansing today. I gobbled his prick, sucking it to the back of my throat. He had no chance of going limp, I promise you that; no chance at all. I was determined to have him in me within the echo of his last grunt. I succeeded too.

Getting on my hands and knees, Lisa spread my bottom for Master to fuck. He slid into me easily, I was so ready, cumming as soon as he bottomed out in my rectum. Ass, cunt, it made no difference as long as it was filled. The good part of going second is I know Master will last longer than he did the first time. I may get a little less of his cum, but a lot more thrusting.

Since my mouth was otherwise unoccupied, Master had me suck the cum from Lisa's asshole. I rimmed her ass as well as Jerry did that first poker game I served, doing my best to extract every drop of Master's cum. She squealed in delight as my tongue dipped through the rubbery rim and searched for it. Her sphincter was bathed in my saliva before I finished, glistening in the light. I climaxed four more times as he fucked my ass. When Master emptied himself in me, Lisa sucked on his cock, hoping for a rerun. We'd waited too long. Master really was tired this late, while waiting for our surrender. Too bad, he still hadn't been in my cunt yet. Master extended one final courtesy before he closed his eyes. He told us we could get each other off as much as we wanted, as long as we did it in another room.

"I'll get the strapless," Lisa said softly, rising from the bed.

I kissed Master. "Thank you, sir," I whispered.

Lisa and I went into another bedroom and fucked each other until three in the morning, then licked each other into tired comas, still snuggled up to each others cunts when we dropped off, never bothering to go back to bed. I hadn't felt so sated since Labor Day, the only good thing to come of our wearing the Slave Trainers for a week.

******

SCOTT

I'd been planning to leave my slaves desperate to cum until one of them broke, but when they told me they'd cleansed their asses today, I was nearly the one who broke. Julia was the first to speak, but the words were barely out of her mouth, when Lisa said something too. When I told them what the punishment was, Lisa volunteered to take the hit, which is something I really liked about the two of them; how they stood up for one another. It made our living arrangements look like it was going to be wildly successful. I sat around with an erection for several hours before one of them surrendered to their lust. I was ready to fuck them anyway, but saying it was time for bed was the tipping point. Unfortunately, it was late and I only got to fuck them once each. I let them have fun with each other to ease the pain of their punishment tomorrow.

When I woke up in the morning, they weren't in bed, so I went searching for them. I found them in the guest bedroom, asleep in a sixty-nine, their heads still in the other one's crotch. The room smelled of sex, redolent and strong. I wondered how long they'd fucked each other. The strapless was still crusted in their cum. Mmmm, possible punishment for not cleaning up after themselves. Lisa was on the outside of the bed, so I shoved my cock in her face and waited for her to wake up. It didn't take long.

"Master," Lisa said, "good morning to you too," taking my cock in her mouth.

Sweet, no delay from the moment she woke up until she was sucking my joint. She sucked for three minutes before Julia even stirred, though the moment she woke up, Julia was begging to share my cock. They took turns until I bent them both over the bed and fucked both of their cunts, alternating from one to the other until I climaxed in Lisa. She'd earned it by waking up first. After I climaxed, Julia was told to clean up Lisa while Lisa cleaned me. They were told they could give each other an orgasm before fixing breakfast. It only meant I waited a minute before breakfast was started, they were so close to cumming.

Breakfast over, we started putting the bed frame together in the basement. I showed them all the little details I was adding to make it perfect as domination furniture. Both my slaves were practically cumming as I explained it to them. All but a few small items were hidden and needed to be found to be used. I told Julia and Lisa they needed to start putting together instructions for it's use when we wanted to start selling it. We were up having a light lunch, when there was a knock on the door. Julia checked to see who it was and told me it was Chen and did I want them to be dressed before he entered. Since it was Chen and I trusted him around my slaves more than anyone else but Jerry, it was time to see how people responded to their nudity. I told Julia to let him in.

Julia opened the door and Chen slowly took in the sights presented.

"You're a lucky fucking man, Scott," he said.

"Believe me, I'm aware. Is Janet going to be joining us tonight or should I take out steaks to thaw?"

"I've got a date," he said, "so Ruth Chris it is."

"Lovely, Chen. I'm so happy for you," Julia said.

"The reason I came over was to check out Lisa's house, if it's no problem. You look like you might be busy."

"Not really. My slaves always look this sexy and naked. We were working on something in the basement. Ladies, we have company. Aren't you supposed to be wearing something if we have company today, and I'm not speaking about clothes?"

"Yes, Master," they both responded, returning with their Slave Trainers in and on when they returned. Lisa also had a wrap skirt to wear over to her house when she took Chen to see it.

"Have you eaten? We can offer you something to eat or drink," Lisa said. "We're having some leftover chicken Caesar salad, and we can give you a beer, wine or water?"

"Thanks, that would be great, I haven't had lunch yet." Lisa began preparing a plate of the salad.

"What to drink, Master Chen?" Julia asked.

"Just water, I'll save the booze for tonight."

"Are you nervous?" I asked.

"Shit, yes. I haven't gone on a date in three months."

"Don't worry, the rules of dating haven't changed much in three months."

"It's not dating in general. I really like this woman. I talked to her for two hours last night and I find her smart, funny and her picture looks sexy as hell. I don't want to blow it. It's worse I'm the first rebound guy. Women rarely settle on the first rebound guy after a failed relationship, but I want this to work so fucking bad."

"In reality, I think I'm Lisa's first rebound guy. I don't think she went out with anyone else for more than two dates. It's working out pretty well."

Chen laughed. "Not the same thing, Scott. You've known each other for years. I don't know why I didn't ask her out before you sank your claws into her."

"Too much one of the boys, I suspect," I replied. "If she hadn't wanted to join Julia in her slavery, I never would have expected anything like this to happen."

"More blown chances me," he said. "I would have loved having this lovely willing slave waiting on me, hand and foot."

"Without Master offering Julia her slavery, I would never have known about my own inclinations. You don't strike me as the type of person who would have dominated someone without the example provided by Master and Julia."

"You're right. Even with their example, I'm not sure I could."

"It certainly takes the right sort of person," I said. "If not for Julia's reading material, I would have been oblivious as well."

"Still, you managed to find each other, so it's worked out well for you. I just want someone to love. I don't necessarily need to dominate them. I might be uncomfortable if I tried."

"According to Reneé, Janet has expressed an interest in Reneé's slavery, but it might be curiosity only," Julia said. "She may not be willing to explore her own submissive tendencies, but if you're really into her, you should be prepared in the event she does."

"I'd be afraid of scaring her off."

"I think she'll let you know if it's something she's into experimenting with," Julia said. "If she's agreed to go on a date knowing what happened on Memorial Day, she can't be totally freaked out by it."

"Shit. You're right. What the fuck do I do or say to her if she is interested?"

"Only be open to the possibility. She'll let you know if it's something she wants to explore," I said. "It will be all around her tonight. Do you want us to pick you up? You're on the way."

"Sure, no problem. That would be great."

We'd all finished eating by the time our conversation ended. Lisa donned her frock and took Chen to look at her house. They were gone for over an hour, Lisa coming back on her own when she returned. She shuddered when she removed her Slave Trainer. Julia had removed hers when Chen left.

"I need to cum so bad," she said, putting it in the charger after cleaning it.

"I'll fuck you both before we leave this evening," I said.

"Thank you, Master," Julia said. "It's going to be bad wearing our Slave Trainer's through dinner."

"How did it go with Chen?"

"I think he might put in an offer, Master. He's shrewd. I doubt he'll offer the list price, because I already told him I'd take less, just don't insult me by offering way less and taking advantage of our friendship."

"What would you take for the house?" I asked. "Just curious."

"It's legitimate value is probably $500. I listed it for $490. I'd probably go $475 without breaking a sweat, but I'll dicker before I go that low."

"Here's to hoping he's doesn't lowball you too bad."

"Master, how would you feel if Chen lived next door, knowing we've both fucked him?" Julia asked. "Lisa and I talked about it yesterday at the gym. We were unsure how you would feel."

He thought a moment. "Well, you've actually fucked most of my friends now and it's more my fault than yours. I'm not going to give up my friendships with them because you've fucked them. I wish it hadn't happened, but it did and there's nothing to do for it now. I would say as long as everyone respects our new boundaries, it is what it is and to hell with it."

"I'm glad, Master. I'd like to think we can remain friends with everyone."

Since we'd put enough of our new bed frame together that I had some new toys to play with, I pulled out the hanging rods at each side of the end of the bed and hung my slaves up. Both of them quickly got juicier when tested by my fingers. I'd never known how aroused a woman could become when displayed naked for my enjoyment. Julia was the taller of the two and could stand flat on her feet to ease the strain on her wrists. Lisa was the shorter of the two and had to stand on tiptoes to ease her strain. I took care of that by lifting her up on my cock and fucking her cunt to completion. Lisa shuddered through three orgasms before I did. Julia watched wide eyed, her juices flowing down her leg as I fucked her sister slave. She groaned when I climaxed, as if she'd cum herself. I released Lisa so she could clean me off and suck me to another erection.

When I was hard, I lifted Julia and had her mount me the same way, her legs wrapped around my waist as she bounced up and down on my cock. She spasmed twice, her palpitating pussy heavenly on my prick.

"Now I'm going to fuck your ass, slave," my cock drenched in her cum.

"Please, Master, please fuck my ass," she moaned.

"Lick her cunt, Lisa," I ordered.

"Yes, Master."

Lisa delayed only long enough for my cock to spear into Julia's back door before she was dining on her pussy. Julia quickly had five more orgasms, shaking uncontrollably through each one. She held herself up enough to facilitate my use of her buttocks, raising and lowering herself over my shaft. Finally, I shuddered myself as my cum spewed deep in Julia's ass.

"Oh, fuck," I groaned, "that is so fucking incredible. I love my slaves."

"We love you, Master," Julia panted, "especially when you're fucking us."

I released Julia and she plastered herself against me, raining kisses on my face. "I'll love you forever, Master."

They led me upstairs and we took a shower together to prepare for the evening, and damned if I didn't have to fuck both of them again they looked so incredibly fine, tempting me beyond reason.

"You owe Lisa four orgasms, slave," I pointed out while we were showering. "You were cumming like crazy."

"When shall I give them to her, Master?"

"Later, after dinner. Do you know you have the most beautiful pussy in the world?" Of course, as I said it, I had to pop right into that pretty pussy, making her gasp. "And you, Lisa," I pulled out of Julia and plunged into her cunt, "I can't believe I have two such incredible slaves. I love fucking you both. I fucking love you both. I'm the luckiest fucker in the entire world."

And I fucked them to prove it, first one, then the other, sliding into one, pulling out, fucking the other. It was incredible. They both climaxed a couple times, wet and soggy in the shower. Two beautiful women, water streaming over their perfect bodies, slick, wet, wonderful, and I had them both. I practically cried when I orgasmed in Julia, my wife, my lover, my slave, the mother of my child, the pinnacle of my life. I could not be happier than I was.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"Master, what got into you," Julia asked while I strained to leave the last little drop of cum inside her. She was still twitching herself.

"You got into me, both of you. I can't believe my good fortune. Look at you."

Lisa kissed me. "Don't you feel as if you deserve us, Master?"

"I don't know how or what I've done to deserve you."

I pulled out, drained, and Julia dropped to the floor of the shower and licked me clean, looking up at me with those crystalline blue eyes as she removed all signs of our pleasure from my rapidly shrinking cock. My heart was breaking; in a good way, bursting with love.

She released me, still stroking me, and said, "You make us happy, sir. You paid enough attention to me you comprehended the secret longings in my heart. You gifted them to me despite realizing how it would make you feel. You've embraced us both, given us our desires, our fantasies. You strive to please us both. Even wearing our Slave Trainers all week is a treasure, despite how miserably they leave us longing for sex. You do it to demonstrate how valued we are as your slaves, to tease us, show us how much you enjoy our arousal, our need. It's done to heighten our eventual pleasure. I would not trade the last five weeks of my life for anything but the life I now carry, the child you gave me."

I pulled her to her feet, not wanting her on her knees at that moment, but against me, body to body, heart to heart. When Julia stood up, Lisa pulled us both into a group hug.

"Both of you; you saved me. I was miserable and depressed most of the time; felt like a failure as a woman after my divorce. I feel wanted and needed again, loved like no other time in my life. You, Julia, my sister slave, willing to share your love and husband with me. You, Scott, my Master, opening your life to include me. Showing me with everything you do, how much you value me, treasure me, adore me, treating me like the love of your life, even though you already possessed one. Both of you, willing to share everything with me, to allow me children, to make me one with you. A month ago, I couldn't even imagine this level of happiness even existed for me. If I were perfect in every way to both of you, it wouldn't be enough to show you how much I love you."

I kissed her. Julia kissed her. I kissed Julia. I might die of happiness, standing in the shower, water pouring over us, water getting cold, but so warm inside. I turned off the water.

"I want you to wear your finest slave jewelry tonight," I said. "I've gifts for you to wear tonight. Something I purchased a while back but I've been saving for the right occasion."

Julia kissed me again. "As you wish, Master." She took Lisa's hand. "I'll help you dry off, Lisa. Let's become beautiful for our Master."

As they began drying each other with large fluffy towels, I could have fucked them again. My heart couldn't contain the feelings I had. We'd have to hustle as it was.

I dried off quickly and while they put on makeup and did their hair, I set out their presents on the bed so they would find them waiting. I put on a jacket and tie. It was a nice place we were dining at tonight and since my slaves would be dressed well, their Master should be as well. They came out, sleek, sensuous and sexy and put their Slave Trainer's in, since they wouldn't be able to do so later. I would leave them off until we picked up our guests. The rest taken care of, they approached the bed and the garment bags on them.

"The one on the left is for Julia and the one on the right is Lisa's."

Lisa opened hers first, exclaiming delightfully when she saw it, a layered red chiffon floor length gown. The layers played hide and seek with the body below it as you moved, exposing a flash, then covering it immediately with the next step. Julia's the same except in blue. Julia looked at the tag on the designer label.

"Master," she exclaimed, "this dress had to cost close to a thousand dollars!"

"Damn close," I laughed, "and I can't wait to see you in them. If I can't keep you as the naked slaves you are when I take you out, I at least want to hint at it. I took the sizes off one of your dresses that fits you best. It's too bad you're pregnant, Julia. It probably won't fit you in a few weeks, but I had to see you in it now."

They put them on and swirled around the room, modeling them for me. I hoped nobody was susceptible to heart attacks, or we'd be leaving a trail of dead bodies behind us.

The both rushed to me and kissed me. "Sir, it's breathtaking," Lisa said.

"To match the slaves wearing them. Put on your jewelry now. I want the full affect."

They quickly added their loveliest slave jewelry and despite the sex I'd had already today, I got an immediate erection. Being the attentive slave girls they were, they recognized the condition of my cock beneath my pants and offered to take care of it for me. I told them we had no time but I'd be happy to accept their attentions tonight.

"Sir," Lisa said. "I hate to say so, knowing how we're being punished for last night, but if we wear our Slave Trainers tonight, we might ruin these beautiful gowns."

"How so?" I asked.

"When we wear the trainers, both Julia and I leak our fluids like crazy. We can't throw these dresses into the washer and it's entirely possible they'd be stained beyond saving. I'd hate to ruin such beautiful and expensive dresses the first time we wear them. Just to be on the safe side, knowing how wet we are all the time anyway, I even feel like we should wear panties to protect the dress."

"Lisa's right, sir. We risk these gowns if we wear our Slave Trainers tonight. I'd rather wear them all day tomorrow than damage these," holding it out from her legs and curtsying.

"Fuck! I guess I wasn't thinking. Okay, take out your Slave Trainers and wear the briefest g-string panties you have."

"Yes, sir."

They scrambled to obey. This was the first time since they'd renewed their slavery they were going to be inaccessible to me. On the other hand, this is not the type of dress I'd be pushing up their backs to fuck them in anyway. Into each life a little rain must fall, and it was sprinkling now. Given how everything else was going, sunshine was on the horizon.

When ready, I said, "Let's go girls, your carriage awaits. I'd like you to both sit in the back so Chen may sit in the front with me."

"Yes, sir. Should we discuss our situation with Janet?"

"If she asks. I want you to be completely honest with her. It may not come up."

******

JULIA

I couldn't believe Master bought us both those evening gowns. They were so beautiful and sexy, I felt like a fairy princess instead of the slave slut I was.

We got in the car and proceeded to Chen's place, a small house he owned himself. I'd only been a few times myself. Lisa had been here more frequently due to poker nights. Chen was dressed in a coat and tie, wanting to make a good impression for his first date with a new lady. Janet was dressed to the nines as well, though it might be the slightest bit tight. Reneé said she'd gained some weight and it looked as if she hadn't gotten anything new. Master directed Chen to the front seat. Lisa slid to the middle of the seat to let Janet sit behind her date. Chen introduced us all like the gentleman he was, turning around in his seat.

"I can't believe how lovely you both look," Janet said. "I look frumpy in comparison."

"Master just gave us these dresses," I said. "Normally, I wouldn't be wearing anything so fine. If Master had his way, I'd be wearing nothing."

Lisa laughed. "Not to go out, of course. He's not as vulgar as that, but around the house, we are naked all the time unless company comes, and perhaps even then, depending on how comfortable he is sharing our nudity."

"Reneé said you were submissives just as she is exploring with Jerry."

"Yes, fairly recent ones, but we both submit to our Master."

"Chen said you're married to Scott. Doesn't it bother you sharing your husband with Lisa?"

I held Lisa's hand in answer. "Not with Lisa. She's my best friend and now my sister slave and lover. I'm the happiest I've ever been in my life." I kissed her in affirmation, just a touch of our lips.

"And you're pregnant?"

"Yes."

"Lisa," Chen said, interrupting, perhaps uncomfortable with the tenor of our conversation, "has your Realtor contacted you yet?"

"About what, sir?"

"I put in an offer on your house."

"You did? That's marvelous, sir. How much?"

"$487,000."

That seemed reasonable to me. Slightly below Lisa's asking price, but not ridiculous.

"I'll be letting her know I accept your offer," Lisa said. "I expect we'll become better friends with you living next door."

"How much better friends?" Janet asked.

"Well, Reneé said she told you about what happened on Memorial Day," Lisa said, "so I'm guessing you know what Chen did while he was there?"

"Yes, I'm aware," Janet replied, "and I admit it's what scared me the most about accepting his offer of a date."

"Master misunderstood what I craved in my submission when he read the novels that precipitated my slavery," I said. "He thought I wanted to have sex with other men because I read reverse harem novels. He arranged for it to happen with our good friends, culminating in Memorial Day. As Lisa participated with me, she was afforded the same opportunities as I was, as did everyone else who was there, including Reneé and Reneé's boss, Gwen. Master limited my slavery to three weeks because it was not something he wanted to ever extend past that time as it would be too painful for him to continue sharing me. What he didn't realize until later, it was him I wanted to serve, not the entire world. Lisa and I are continuing our slavery with the understanding we will never be shared with any other men again, indeed, not anyone, but other slaves, then only females. Master has complete control of our sexuality. We can't have sex with anyone, even each other, without his permission. We can't even masturbate without his permission. You may rest assured Chen will never have sex with us again, under any circumstances, no matter if he lives next door. It wouldn't matter if he lived in the same house. He's off limits.

"All the people who attended the Memorial Day party were unattached and single at the time, or in an open relationship which allowed them to have sex with others, with three exceptions, Master's parents, Regina and Ron, and Gwen and Sherman. You can ask Reneé about their circumstances. All of them were willing to participate for whatever reasons they had and could back out at any time, as could any of the slaves by giving their safe word.

"What I can tell you about Chen is I find him to be a gentleman of the highest order, who would never do anything to hurt or embarrass, or humiliate anyone he cares for. If you should end up together, you should consider yourself a lucky woman. I'm confident he would be everything you want in a partner. Don't let yourself worry about anything he did as a single, unattached male have any bearing on what he'd do if dating you. Reneé told us you've just ended an emotionally abusive relationship. That's not Chen. Your emotional well being will be safe in his care."

"I concur with everything Julia just said," Lisa added.

"Thank you," Chen said. "You're very kind to say so."

"Master told us to be completely honest tonight," Lisa said. "Any question which Janet asks will be answered as honestly as we know it to be."

"Complete honesty?" Janet asked. "Is Chen an adequate lover?" Diving right in.

"More than adequate," Lisa said. "I greatly enjoyed sex with him. Not as much as my own Master, but a great deal. I had no trouble climaxing with him."

"I concur," I said. "Chen is skilled in every aspect of sex."

"Please, ladies," Master said, "you're embarrassing Chen."

I looked and he was indeed blushing.

"Look at him, Janet. You have no particular reason to trust us. You've only just met us. I have no idea whether or not you'll get along with Chen or how compatible you might be, but if you should happen to like him, you need never worry about how you'll be treated. All of Master's friends are good men in my experience. He doesn't long tolerate braggarts, racists, or other despicable human beings. He works with Chen because he trusts him. You just heard Chen make an offer on Lisa's house. Lisa told him she would accept a lower offer than what she listed the house at. He could have attempted taking advantage of our friendship to negotiate a much lower price. He didn't. He offered close to what she asked because it was a fair price and he knew it. Only concern yourself about Chen as Chen, not what happened on Memorial Day. I can assure you it will never happen again."

"My slaves are correct, Janet," Master said. "The only thing you need concern yourself about is how you yourself get along with him. He's a good man, where good doesn't always mean what it should. Despite my having been stupid enough to share my two slaves with him, I'm not concerned he would ever attempt taking advantage of it."

"I suppose it does put my mind at ease to hear you speak so highly of him," Janet said. "I admit to be nervous about entering into another relationship which could end up hurting me."

"Reneé also told us you might want to work out and lose some extra weight you're concerned about," Lisa said. "We'd be happy inviting you to work out with us if you wish. Reneé has also asked if she might work out with us, though it's up to her Master if she can."

"Let me think about it," Janet said. "Let's see how well the evening goes and how well we get along."

"Of course," I said. "It's quite wise to give it some time to see how it goes."

We chatted about more inconsequential things the rest of the way, her job, her friendship with Reneé. We didn't even bother discussing the ex-boyfriend. She'd tell us about him if and when she was ready. I liked her. Despite knowing what happened on Memorial Day, she'd still taken a chance on Chen, probably on Reneé's recommendation, but nonetheless, I hoped things worked out. When we got there, Jerry and Reneé were already there, as we were running late. Renee's attire was not quite as dramatic as ours, and she didn't have slave jewelry or accoutrements yet or Jerry didn't want her wearing them in public, but she looked splendid, and I wondered if it was her doing or Jerry's. It accented her beauty and her sexuality, a short and flirty skirt, showcasing her legs, barely coming three or four inches below the apparent apex of her legs.

I hugged her. "Have you any panties on, Reneé?" I whispered as I held her.

"Heaven's no. I was off on Friday and today. This is the first thing I've worn since Thursday night."

"You shall have to be careful sitting or we shall all be staring at your pretty pussy," I giggled.

"I think I already flashed the water server. I feel like Sharon Stone in Basic Instinct."

"My God, Scott," Jerry said. "You let your women out of the house looking this magnificent. Aren't you afraid someone will try to make off with them?"

"Let them try, sir. They may find themselves in the company of a couple hellcats," Lisa replied.

"Just so," I added. "We love where we are and the person we're with."

"Give me a kiss, Julia. You, too, Lisa, and this must be Reneé's friend, Janet. I'm so pleased to meet you."

Jerry gave us all a kiss, just brushing our cheeks, a friendly greeting. He shook hands with Master and Chen, handed them the menus the hostess had left at the table. We all found seats, Janet beside Reneé, who she knew the best and would be most comfortable around, then Chen, Lisa, Master, and I sat between Master and Jerry.

There was the usual idle chit chat before the waitress came to take our orders. Master had consulted with his slaves about our food preferences, but he ordered for us, in lieu of feeding one of us tonight. Everyone else ordered their own food. Jerry and Reneé not having yet determined all the nuances of their D/s relationship. Both Chen and Master ordered a bottle of wine, thinking two bottles were enough for the table and Chen didn't want to look like a piker in front of his date. I couldn't drink alcohol. After the waitress left, Reneé and I were talking about her newfound submission and how much she enjoyed being submissive to Jerry. Jerry was quite pleased with our discussion. He seemed quite fond of Reneé and happy to have found her. He had a hard time keeping his hands off her, and his left hand rested high on her thigh. I suspected he could feel the heat of her cunt on his hand.

I noticed Janet listening intently to our conversation with a puzzled look on her face. At some point, she had to speak.

"Let me get this straight. All four of you have entered into relationships with men in which you are not much more than sexual playthings; you two to the same man," pointing at Lisa, Master and I. "Why, in this day and age of supposed gender equality, would you tie yourself into such a relationship where you're treated as little more than sexual chattel? Men, please don't answer. I know why the hell you would love it, especially you. You've got two women at your beck and call."

I laughed. "I know it seems odd, but I've never been as happy as I am now, never felt so much myself, so complete, so fulfilled as a woman. I haven't stopped to analyze it, so can't really say for sure why I feel that way, but I do. Plus it is the best sex I've ever had, bar none."

"Is it because you can now sleep with women and still be married? Is that it?"

"No, I didn't enter into my slavery for women. I'd never been with one and couldn't imagine being with one until I was. Now, I might miss it if I no longer could, but the connection I feel with Lisa is more emotional than physical."

Reneé interjected. "You know I've always been as attracted to girls as men. Master Jerry does not have to allow me sex with women, yet I wouldn't be disappointed if he didn't. The connection I feel to him right now is as strong as I can imagine. It's sexual, but it's also not. It's the most powerful connection I've ever felt to someone."

Jerry's hand must have slid up her dress after her declaration and touched something wet. Reneé moaned and slid forward on the chair, letting her Master play with her intimacies. Janet tsked disgustedly at the behavior of her friend and turned to Chen.

"I suppose you want to turn me into one of these sexual toys?"

"I don't want to turn you into anything. I want you to be who you are, whoever that is. I don't expect you to change me, nor do I expect to change you. Expecting people to change for other people is pointless. We'll either like each other or we won't, but I certainly don't expect you to change."

Our food arrived and we toned down our conversation while we were served. It smelled heavenly. My mouth was dripping almost as much as my pussy was.

"I don't understand why," Janet said after they left. "It makes no sense to me. Were you abused as children; have no self-esteem? What is it?"

"It's not for everyone," Lisa said. "But there's definitely something to it for those who enjoy it. Since becoming one, I've met a deputy sheriff who enjoys being submissive, though she can't do it all the time and she told us she knew an FBI agent who was submissive. Scott's lawyer friend is submissive. Many of the people we met are ordinary people, smart, stable, educated. Nor is it all women. Our friend Ron is a submissive, though his wife couldn't be his dominant. If you look around this restaurant now, I'm sure you might see others who are the same as we are. When Julia told me she was going to become Scott's sex slave for three weeks, I did a little internet exploring. There was a survey by Marie Claire magazine which said 85% of the people surveyed had tried some type of BDSM activity. Eleven percent of the men and seventeen percent of the women had tried bondage. A 2005 survey found 36% of all adults in the US had engaged in the use of masks, blindfolds or bondage equipment, 20% worldwide. Scott's parents did it on a part time basis, though Scott didn't know about it. If you include things like playful spanking or even tickling, percentages start to jump."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"If you think about it," I said, "engaging in these activities requires a greater amount of trust in your partner than even normal sexual relationships. Since I can be tied down or chained, or bound, he has the theoretical power to do anything he wants and I'd have no say in the matter. I have to trust my Master will never do anything which will ever harm me or do something I could not tolerate. I have a safe word which will stop any activity he's engaged in dead in its tracks. In that sense, I have more power than him, because he doesn't have such a single word to stop me. When your previous boyfriend insulted or emotionally abused you, did you have a way to make him stop?"

"No."

"Although you might believe my Master's behavior is abusive, and it certainly would be without my consent, we have an agreement in place which governs our behavior with one another. Even though Master was allowing me to have sex with others, he didn't expect the same thing in return. He finally agreed with me he should be able to have sex with other slaves, but I know he won't have sex with anyone who I can't have sex with. Since it's my job as his slave to see every need of my Master is met, he has no need to seek out other women because I'm not fulfilling his needs."

"He's got two women satisfying those needs," Janet protested. "He's already living outside the bounds of his marriage."

"And my parents are in an open marriage and Lisa's parents are swingers. They engage in sex with other people with less control than I have with my Master. The primary difference between us is he can tie me up or spank me. Somehow it's less acceptable because I find it hot to be tied down or can cum if I'm spanked? He accepted Lisa because I asked him to. Lisa was unhappy with her life and she saw how happy I was in mine. She asked to be included and I, as her friend, decided to include her. Because she hadn't read my books and had no understanding of what she was asking for, Master refused to sleep with her until she'd been trained and knew what she was getting into. He's the most honorable man I know. I trust him with my life."

"Do you feel the same way?" Janet asked Reneé.

"I know I'm young and don't have much experience, but my relationship with Jerry is the most rewarding one I've ever had. We experimented with it for a weekend, decided to extend it for a month, and if nothing derails our month long trial, I expect to bond with him forever. You've met my boss, Gwen. You know how buttoned down she is, how together and in control. Granted, it was only a couple times, but she not only agreed to act as a slave with Lisa and Julia with these people she didn't even know, she enjoyed it and involved me in it as well. I've not been disappointed by my experience. Is it for everyone? I doubt it. There are those who enjoy being submissive, those who want to dominate and those who want neither. None of it is good or bad, it's just how we are as people. I'm not saying it's right for you. I am saying it's right for me."

"And you're not hoping to turn me into one of these sexual playthings?" Janet asked Chen again.

"I'm looking for someone to love," Chen said. "My life is bereft of companionship. I'm all work and no play and I'm sick of it. What I do recognize is I've never seen a happier man than Scott, nor a more loving relationship than the three of them have. Now, I see Jerry with Reneé and they're happy and content. For that matter, so are the other three people in my poker group who are now living together, one woman and twin men. They aren't engaging in BDSM as far as I know, but whatever it is they have, they seem happy. I want to be happy. I deserve to be happy. I'm not looking to emulate any of their lifestyles or behaviors except for happiness. If it works out for us, it works out, but if it does, it will be because we both accept each other as we are, not by trying to change who we are."

"All successful relationships involve compromise and consent," Master said. "Mine wouldn't work unless all three of us were willing to compromise. Lisa wanted children. We both needed to agree she could have children. She's giving up the life she had to make one work with us, selling her house. She surrendered her right to alimony, because she was entering a relationship with us. We have to see her financial and her emotional needs are met. My wife abandoned her right to exclusive sexual rights to me. Lisa and I need to ensure her needs are met. They both do all they can to make me happy, and in return I do all I can to make them happy. We've found an odd way to go about it, but it works for us. Doesn't mean it would work for everyone. I only care if it works for us."

"My relationship with Reneé may be different than the one Scott has with his two slaves," Jerry said," but whatever it is, it's working for us thus far. I've never been happier than I am now."

"Nor me, Master," Reneé said. "I'm so in love with you."

"And I with you." They kissed.

"If you're in love with each other, why not get married?" Janet asked.

"If Master wishes to be married, I would happily marry him," Reneé replied, "even if it is an interracial marriage. As I said, it's already the most meaningful relationship I've ever had. Marriage won't make it better, nor would it make it worse. I'm happy the way it is and if he wants to change it, I leave it to him. I'm content with it as is."

"If we decide to have children, I'd definitely want to be married," Jerry said.

"I only wish I could marry Lisa since we're going to have children together," Master said. "It would be nice if California recognized polyamorous relationships. It's why we want to have a contract and bonding ceremony; to make meaningful what the state refuses to recognize."

After that, the conversation drifted to more normal things, with less talk about the strangeness of it all. There was a lot of laughter and joy, with funny stories about life and how we met each other. Janet started to open up about what happened to her before, how she'd been treated. It was disheartening to hear how her supposed boyfriend treated her and I was so glad to hear she'd gotten out of it, kicking the bastard to the curb before she'd truly been hurt. Still, she'd tolerated a lot of shit over the three years she'd been with him. I could see how she'd want to be careful before she got close to anyone else. I believed Chen would be very good for her if they were compatible with each other. He already seemed somewhat smitten, so I hoped it worked out. There were hugs and kisses all around for the ladies, and handshakes and hugs for the men. Janet appeared more relaxed than when we picked her up, so hopefully, had a good time.

On the way home, because Master had wine and I'd had none, Master told me to drive. He took the front passenger seat and Chen sat next to his date. I was happy to see they held hands on the way home. I would be glad if Chen found someone. He was right. He was the only one without anyone right now and he did work too hard and play too little. Too much work ethic for his own good.

When we reached Chen's, he asked us if we wanted to come in for a nightcap. Master declined, saying it was getting late and he had two slaves who were in need of a good fucking. Janet actually laughed.

"I had a good time tonight," she said. "Better than I expected. You're more normal than I anticipated you'd be. I think I'll take you up on your offer to exercise with you."

"Wonderful," I said. "We can bring you as a guest for the first six times you go, but you'll need a membership after." I asked her what time she got off work and could be at our gym. She said seven. I asked Master if he would have objections to us changing our exercise schedule to the evenings at seven.

"You'll probably get more done on the furniture if you do. Just leave me something in the fridge or oven to eat on the day you take exercise classes, and I have no objections. Might be good for some sweaty sex afterward."

I kissed him and told Janet what we did at the gym on Monday, Wednesday and Friday and that on Tuesday and Thursday, we did yoga and swimming at our house.

"I don't have to be naked for anything at your house, do I?"

"No," Master said, "and if you'd be more comfortable if the rest of us were dressed, we'll cover up for you."

"Thanks for that, by the way," Chen said. "I'd like her to be my girlfriend and not get sucked up into your perverted lifestyle."

"Does that mean you want to ask me out again, Mister Wang?"

"It very much does, Miss Howard."

"How about next Friday. Just the two of us, perhaps dancing after dinner?"

"Don't let this one slip away Chen," I said. "I think she's a keeper."

"I hope so."

Janet smiled at him. Good. "I should go as well, Chen. Thank you for a wonderful evening."

"My pleasure, Janet. I'm glad the freakiness didn't throw you off."

"More before I accepted your invitation than after. You don't strike me as a bunch of serial killers."

We all laughed. "Serial fuckers, maybe," I replied, "but not killers."

We laughed again, then all went our separate ways. Thankfully, Master made good on his promise to give his two slaves a good fucking. After, I had to pleasure Lisa four more times. We went to sleep sated in the arms of my Master, my sister slave curled against my back.

****** 
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 26|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-26|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<i>Scott decides to go to LA for continuing education classes, decides he will stay at Brianna's while he's there. Janet witnesses two slaves being punished and enjoying it. Curious, she asks to be punished herself. Reneé is allowed to oblige her. Confused by her responses, she doesn't react well. This chapter contains scenes of oral and lesbian sex, general fucking, bondage and discipline, including spanking, paddling and whipping. You've been warned. Like all other chapters in this novel, STD's do not exist to inhibit one's sex life. </i>

<b>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 26 - Changes</i>

SCOTT

Sunday morning was the first crisis of our new household. Despite being naked for much of the time, Julia didn't spend a lot of time in front of a mirror looking at herself. Mostly applying make-up and she didn't need to do so frequently when she was spending much of her time naked in the house. So when she looked at herself in front of a full length mirror after a shower the next morning and really saw a baby bump for the first time, she panicked. 

"Oh no," she wailed, "it's happening."

"What's happening?" Lisa was the first to ask, freaking out herself since no one knew what was going on.

"I'm getting fat."

We both breathed a sigh of relief. "Nonsense," I said, "you're just starting to show a little from your pregnancy."

"It's only the beginning," she said. "Soon, I'll be big, fat and ugly and no one will want to fuck me anymore."

"You think you look that much different from last night when I fucked hell out of you?"

"But this is only the beginning, Master. Eventually, no one will love me anymore."

"That's your hormones talking, sweetheart. I will always want to fuck you."

"Even when I'm ugly? After all, Lisa will remain thin and beautiful and you'll have a choice of who you want to fuck, sir. Why fuck the big, fat slave when you have the skinny, little one to screw?"

"Even if this little fantasy of yours was true, and somehow, I wouldn't want to fuck my wife and the mother of my child, which is patently nonsense, your sister slave wouldn't let me get away with it. If I tried to neglect my duties to you, she'd be all over me. It's one of the things I love so much about both of you. You stick up for each other and don't let me play favorites nor unduly punish the other, without bringing me to heel."

"She won't want to fuck me either, sir."

I laughed. "Even if that were true, you both have to fuck each other to get as much sex as you want, since I'm clearly incapable of giving you all the fucking you crave."

"Master's right," Lisa said. "Not only is it in my best interest to continue fucking you as much as we both crave, I would never stop loving you because you were giving us our first baby."

I stood behind her at the mirror, looking at what she saw, the slight widening of her waist, a wee bump on the front of her stomach. I put my hands around her and grasped her breasts. "Just think, my love, your breasts will get larger and your nipples bigger as you start filling with milk. You'll just be more to love. My heart will get bigger as it has to grow to hold all the love I feel for you inside." I also let her feel my stiffening cock, starting to grow between the crack of her ass as I held her and beheld all her beauty in the mirror. "Does this feel like the cock of a man who doesn't think you're the most beautiful thing he's ever seen?"

She turned to face me and I grasped her buttocks instead. "Promise me you'll love me always, Master."

"Forever and a day, Julia. Forever and a day."

Since I now had an erection, I felt I should do something productive with it. Not reproductive, it was impossible to make her more pregnant than she was, but to allay her fears, so I picked her up and laid her on the bed. 

"Spread your legs, slave."

They shot apart as if they were spring loaded. "Lisa, please kiss this foolish slave so she never thinks she's anything less than the most desirable creature on the planet."

"Yes, sir."

While Lisa took care of the top half, I addressed the bottom half. I seduced her, the way she'd been trained to seduce me; long, lingering kisses up her thighs, little nips and nibbles, trailing kisses, tiny licks to the most sensitive parts of her, until she was gasping for breath. With Lisa stealing away her breath with a thousand kisses, hauntingly beautiful kisses on her lips, my tongue trailed up her slit, gathering the quickly forming liquid heat of her loins. She thrust her hips against me, craving the pressure of my lips against her core. Her legs wrapped around my shoulders, her heels digging into my back, clutching me closer as I brought her to her first crest, moaned frantically through a second, screamed through a third, her back arched, her tummy fluttering, her cunt pulsing. 

I looked up at her, her cum around my mouth, dripping from my chin, and crawled up her body, staring at her smoldering blue eyes, wide with desire and pleasure. I pushed into her, parting her folds with the head of my prick, slamming against her pubic bone, no resistance to my rampant thrust. 

She gasped, "Master, fuck me." 

"Are you ugly?" Punctuating my question with a thrust.

"No."

"Are you beautiful?" Another thrust.

"Yes."

"Will I ever stop loving you?" Again.

"No," she panted, "never."

"Will Lisa ever stop loving you?" I slammed into her.

"No, Master."

"Will you ever stop loving me?" Harder.

"Never." She climaxed, moaning.

"Will I ever tire of fucking my amazing slave?" Pounding.

"Please, no."

I emptied myself into her, pulsing wildly; my cock aching it felt so good.

"I'll not hear another word about it then, slave. You are now and forever will be loved."

When I pulled out of her, Julia lay limp upon the bed, my cum leaking from her pussy. I could easily have Lisa clean up the mess, but my lesson wasn't yet over. I licked my slave clean, giving her two more orgasms before I felt she'd learned enough about my love for her.

Then, to keep things somewhat even, I licked Lisa to four orgasms while Julia kissed her, then told Julia to give her a fifth, but five only. From that moment on, Julia always received one more orgasm per day than Lisa did, through the balance of her pregnancy. I didn't ever want her feeling she was less beautiful or desirable to me because she carried our child. I told Lisa why I did it later in private and she agreed. I told her when she was pregnant, the favor would be returned to her. She smiled at me and nodded shyly. 

"As you wish, Master."

Such obedient and compliant slave girls.

****** 

"I think we should have all the parents over tonight for supper," I said.

"Will we be naked slave girls, Master?" Julia asked. 

"No. Not tonight. Fully clothed but hot slaves, but not naked ones." Julia sighed in relief.

"I'm glad, Master," Lisa replied. "Having fucked both Julia's and your parents on Memorial Day, I'm going to be very self conscious around them anyway. Being nude would make it worse."

"Oh, I agree. At the time, I never thought we'd end up where we were today; living together, a permanent threesome. Of course I knew you'd have contact with them again as our neighbor, but never like this. It's almost as if my parents fucked Julia, which totally gives me the creeps. Another reason I wished I'd understood Julia's needs better. But, it has to happen eventually, so we might as well get it over with, now Julia's showing. They'll be wanting to be kept informed about the state of the pregnancy and today is somewhat of a milestone." 

"Yes," Julia concurred. "I'll definitely have the jitters facing everyone again."

I couldn't say I wouldn't be nervous as well. Even though I hadn't had sex with any of them, knowing some of them had sex with my slaves was nerve wracking.

"What would you like us to prepare, Master?" Lisa asked.

"Something like a hot dish, which can be made plentifully and without much trouble would be my suggestion," I replied.

"Perhaps a nice meaty lasagna with an antipasto salad, Master," Julia suggested.

"Perfect."

"I can make my Dulce de Leche vanilla cake, sir," Lisa added.

"I remember how good that is," I said.

"To let your slaves go naked as long as possible, perhaps Master would consider going to the grocery to buy the ingredients?" Julia asked.

"Right after we all call our respective parents and invite them over," I said.

So we called everyone and invited them over for supper together. Julia's mom had to cancel a previously arranged date, but she was all for coming for dinner. Everyone else was in as well.

I made my slaves wear their Slave Trainers today because they hadn't last night, but I turned it around on them, forcing them to orgasm after orgasm until the batteries ran dead. When I returned from shopping, the house reeked of sex. My slaves were naturally more orgasmic anyway due to their slavery. Forcing climaxes on them was easy and they both lost track of how many they had. When the batteries died, they were close to comatose from pleasure. On the other hand, the tension of greeting our parents again rapidly dissipated in the onslaught of cumming. Everything went into the oven on time, I started chilling a couple bottles of chianti I'd picked up while I was out. 

Before our guests arrived, they each showered again to reduce their sex stench. They were still not allowed undergarments, but each of them wore clothes appropriate to the occasion. The only alteration I made to their covering was Julia wearing a belly baring bandeau top so our parents could easily witness the baby bump. It was, after all, one of the primary reasons for the dinner.

Of course, the women immediately noticed the reason for her attire and exclaimed loudly and proudly about the upcoming event. The men were oblivious until the women talked about it, then noticed as well and congratulated us on the precious burden Julia was carrying.

After everyone but Julia was safely ensconced in the living room with a glass of wine, Harry, Julia's father, noted the lack of the bondage furniture which had been here the last time he was.

"Yes, it's being sold. The girls are starting their own business. Specialty furniture similar to that piece. It sold for quite a bundle. The mate to it sold for $5500. We won't get the same amount for the used one, but it should do fine. We're getting a new, larger mattress for the bedroom so we're working on a bed frame for it."

"How big?" Dad asked.

"An Alaskan King; nine by nine. Lots of room for the three of us, even when Julia's ready to pop," I said.

"I didn't know they made them that big," Reggie said. "Sounds like it could be a lot of fun."

Since he and Marge regularly engaged in orgies, I wasn't surprised. I decided I should address the elephant in the room and get it over with, kind of like ripping a bandage off instead of peeling it slowly.

"If I could have your attention for a minute," waited for the chitchat to die down, "I admit the three of us are a little nervous right now," I said. "When we had our barbecue, we didn't realize we'd all be living together in the near future. I know now I made a substantial error in judgment when we had the party. It's my fault and no one else's. We're all of a sudden a lot closer than most families have any right to expect. It makes us," I waved at my two sexual partners and myself," uncomfortable. I don't know how you feel about it, but I'd like to apologize and hope it doesn't affect how we all treat each other henceforth."

Everyone looked at each other a bit. "Yeah," Dan said. "I'm not saying I hate myself for going along with the crowd, but I'd like to apologize to Lisa. It does feel a little weird right now. I hope you can forgive us."

Lisa got up from her chair and wrapped her arms around my father. "We're all at fault, Mr. Rivers. Everyone was carried away that day. We didn't know what the future held. If you can forgive me, I can forgive you." Dad nodded. She moved to my mother and did the same. "Sandy, please forgive me."

"Of course, child. And if you'll forgive a foolish old woman, we'll be square." 

"I guess I don't feel like there's anything to forgive anyone," Marge said. "Reginald and I are kind of accustomed to screwing our friends, but I can see it's not quite the same with all of you. So if you feel you need forgiveness, you've got it. I certainly wasn't expecting a rerun of the performance, so don't feel you owe me anything, from forgiveness on down. I certainly wasn't planning on holding anyone responsible for whatever happened, nor ever expected more of the same, so as far as I'm concerned, Julia, we're good and would never be anything but. I love you like my own daughter, but you're not and I don't regret becoming friendlier than you're accustomed to. We're fine."

"What she said," Reggie added. "What's done is done and there's no point in stressing over spilt milk, nor obsessing either. Nothing to be done for it now. We love you child, and it's not changing, no matter what."

"It's a strange relationship we've entered into," Julia said. "It's going to create some weird situations. Lisa almost feels like my spouse, we're that close, and I feel like I should call you Mom and Dad, but calling all three sets of parents Mom and Dad will be confusing as hell."

"When we decided we were going to enter into this relationship," I said, "it was pointed out to us that our children would believe they had two mothers, and three sets of grandparents. It wouldn't be until they were much older they would realize they didn't, but it's how we want to treat you. For all practical intents and purposes, Lisa is as much married to me as Julia is and as much married to Julia as I am. Reggie and Marge, you'll be Julia's children's grandparents as much as Harry and Mary. The same with all of Lisa's children. All six of you will be the grandparents, and I suppose it's what makes this so awkward for us now. You're not just friends anymore, you're family, our family, so I apologize for any awkwardness created by that day."

"I'm sure you kids will do right by us and I'm happy you're thinking about this stuff. Reginald's right about one thing," Dan said, "and that is there's nothing anyone can do about it now. I'd say it's best to go along as if it never happened and do our best to forget it ever did."

"Amen," Harold said. "I'm too old to obsess about this stuff now. Give me a heart attack for sure."

Julia kissed the top of her dad's head. "Way to go, pops."

He put his hand atop her head, saying, "A little bird told me we were having lasagna tonight. You know how much I love your lasagna. When do we eat?"

"In about five minutes. Why don't you get washed up. We'll put the salad on the table and you can dish up your own."

"Save room for cake," Lisa said.

"Not the Dulce de Leche vanilla cake?" Reginald asked.

"Yes. I made your favorite."

"All is forgiven, child. All is forgiven."

The rest of the evening went pretty damn good.

******

JULIA

It was hard at first having everyone over. I was nervous because I'd fucked Lisa's parents. She had to be doubly so since she'd fucked both mine and Scott's. It might have helped ease my trepidation somewhat to have cum all afternoon until I was a juicy puddle, but everyone had been nice and done what they could to put all of us at ease. They were right. Nothing we could do about it now. Water under the bridge. Everyone was friendly when they left. The normal hugs we exchanged with people we were familiar with and close to. All the ladies were comfortable enough to pat my belly before they left. The men not so much, afraid to imply too much, I suppose. 

Master was so masterful tonight. So soft and tender I wanted to die with pleasure when he fucked me. Not hard like this morning, but gentle, so loving. It was the same when he fucked Lisa; slow, slow strokes up her pussy. She moaned so prettily, I had to kiss her, smother her moans in my mouth. What was funny to me was, for some reason, I felt more loving and loved now while he slid his cock into my best friend's dripping cunt than I could ever remember. The feelings of warmth and tenderness from and towards both of them near broke my heart. It's not as if I didn't love Master before. I'd married him and been happy for the last ten years. Perhaps it was the baby hormones igniting the fires smoldering inside me now, preparing me to accept a new life which I would need to love and protect for the next eighteen years. I held him so fiercely when I was falling asleep, it was a wonder he could breathe.

******

Monday and Master had to work. It was odd not going to gym class this morning. We worked on the bed frame all day instead. Another coat of varnish was all we needed to add and it would be done. Lisa and I ate a larger noon meal and light before going to class. Neither of us wanted to do kickboxing on a full stomach. Master was home before we had to leave, so we took turns sucking his cock until I received his reward, then gave him his food. 

We waited outside the gym so Janet would see us when she arrived. We were pleased to see Reneé with her too. 

"Reneé, how lovely to see you. Your Master is going to let you exercise with us?"

"He was reluctant," Reneé said, "because he likes to fuck as soon as I get home, until I reminded him how sexy you both were and it's hard work to remain so trim. He decided to let me try it for a week to see how it works out for us."

"I can't believe you let 'your Master', dictate what you can do," Janet said. "It sounds medieval to me."

"Perhaps it is a little," Reneé said, "but I'm happier than I've ever been. If I'm happy, what difference does it make."

"Last night, as I was watching Master's cock sliding in and out of Lisa's cunt, I was thinking to myself I've never felt so loved in my life."

"He was fucking Lisa," Janet said, "why would you feel loved?"

"I know, right? But at that moment, as I felt her gasps of pleasure captured in my mouth, I felt not only loved, but so loving, like everything in the world was conspiring towards my happiness. It was the most amazing feeling. I swear I almost climaxed from the feelings alone."

Lisa kissed me. "You didn't tell me. Thank you, my love."

"Well, we're both members," I said, "so we can each have a guest for the first six visits, so it won't cost anything to experiment. We usually shoot for some cardio followed by weights on Monday, Wednesday, Friday at the gym. What we normally do is kickboxing followed by using weights to work our arms and shoulders, and chests on Monday. On Wednesday, we do Zumba followed by weight work for our legs. Fridays is spin class followed by working on our abs and backs. Tuesday and Thursdays we do yoga for strength and flexibility, followed by swimming for endurance and cardio. Obviously, there's some mixture there. We're willing to alter our routines slightly if there's something specific you'd like to work at, but we've done this for years and it seems to work out well for us."

"All of it sounds good to me," Reneé said. "I've never really done much exercising before other than gym class in high school."

"Ah, the benefits of youth," Lisa laughed. "Not having to work to keep what you have. Not like us old timers."

"You look great, both of you, so whatever you're doing seems to work. I'm willing to do whatever," Janet said. "I mostly just want to lose the pounds I put on as my relationship started to deteriorate."

"Won't be much body fat on you if you continue with us. You'll not only lose weight but take on some nice toning as well," Lisa laughed. "When you start fucking again, your lover will appreciate the tightness of your twat."

They laughed.

After we got them into our exercise facility, we showed them the heavy bags we used working on kicking. I took Janet under my wing and Lisa took Reneé. We showed them the proper way to kick, side kicks, sweeps, roundhouse. Made sure they were doing it properly, then smack, smack, smack, the sounds of feet and ankles smacking against heavy vinyl bags. They each had to rest every few minutes, being unused to the exercise, and we sometimes paused if we noticed something awry with their form or execution. We did the bags for an hour, then went to the weight room. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
There we showed them to the equipment we used for Mondays. Pull downs, pull ups, presses, the whole works. We told them to start with weights light enough to do at least three sets of ten with only a half minutes rest between each set. With both of them, it was fairly light.

"Neither of us wants to become bulky like true weight lifters," I said. "Bulk comes from doing heavier weights fewer times. Strength comes from doing lighter weights more times. When you can do three sets of ten easily, start making the sets longer, fifteen, then twenty, and finally twenty-five. When twenty-five becomes easy, adjust the weight upward to where you're starting with sets of ten again. Eventually, you'll want to quit adding weight because you've reached the look you're comfortable with and all you want to do is maintain your strength," I said. 

"The routine we're on means on the whole, the muscle groups we work on get a weeks rest between major workouts. They still get worked some doing the other exercises, like the rowing machine will work your arms and shoulders in addition to your back, but it will be relatively less work than we do today," Lisa added. "The cardio we do burns calories and sheds pounds, and the weight work makes us stronger and gives us more definition where we want it."

"I'm going to need to check with my OB about my routines, next time I see her," I said. "I know some of this needs to get adjusted for me as I get heavier from my pregnancy." 

Just mentioning my OB, I suddenly realized I'd not called her about being branded. I mentally added it to the list of things I needed to do tomorrow. As my next appointment was next week. I could wait until then, I suppose. It was nine-thirty when we got home. Master was already in bed, reading stuff on his iPad. Lisa and I took a shower and joined him.

"I got a reminder I have to take 40 hours of continuing education credits in the next six weeks to maintain my contractor's license," he said. "I've looked at what's available locally and nothing interested me, but there's a class in LA I'd love to take starting on Monday."

"You'd be gone a whole week, Master?" I asked. 

"Probably leave on Sunday considering the drive and get a motel to stay at for the week. Come back on Friday night."

"You'll miss my next OB appointment, Master."

"I know, and I'm sorry, but I've taken classes similar to the one's they're offering in Fresno and I don't want to repeat myself. Obviously, Lisa can go with you to the doctors."

"Of course, but we'll miss you terribly, sir. You know how needy we get without cock."

"I won't put any restrictions on your sex with each other, except it must be between 6 PM to midnight. Other than that, you may do as you please."

"Thank you, Master." I paused, thinking. I hesitated, knowing I might be foolish to suggest it, but he was my Master and his well being was my responsibility as his slave. "Instead of staying at a motel; why don't you consider staying at Brianna's. You know Master Sam has a spare bedroom unless he has other guests. I'm sure they'd welcome you as a guest."

Master appeared to consider the implications of what I was offering. Every one of us knew he could fuck other slaves. His former girlfriend was there. Fortunately, most of the slaves were lesbian except for Sam's and he said he wasn't sharing. Still, someone might offer, especially Zoe. I knew there was another slave there who appreciated cock. I think her name was Dawn and she'd been Brianna's replacement slave when Chantelle left Brianna for Sam. Still, it would save a bunch of money and if I or Lisa couldn't care for Master's needs, another slave could.

"I could check with them," Master said, eyeing me. 

"I think you should, sir," I said, my expression bland and emotionless. After all, I would have Lisa. It's not as if I'd do without sex, only without Master's wonderful cock.

Master nodded and dialed Zoe first. He put the phone on speaker so we'd all be privy to the conversation.

"Hello, Scott. To what do I owe the pleasure of this phone call?"

"Hi, Zoe. I have to take continuing education credits to maintain licensure. There's nothing in Fresno I really want to take, but there is a class in LA I'd love. It's next week. Julia suggested I check with Brianna and Sam to see if I could stay the week there, arriving on Sunday evening, and coming back home after class on Friday."

"Sam is here. Did you want to ask him if his room was available?"

"I thought I should generally check with Brianna first since it's her estate, then check with Sam."

"We're all out here by the pool. I can put you on speaker."

"Please."

Zoe put it on speaker and said to the others, "You're on the phone with Scott Rivers."

"Hello, Scott," Brianna said, "what's up?"

"I need continuing education credits to maintain my contractor's license and there's a class I'd very much like to take being offered in LA next week. If it's not too much of an imposition, I wondered if I might stay on your estate at Sam's place if he still has a spare room at the moment."

"Sure, you can have the room," Sam said. "Will you bringing your two delightful slaves with you?"

"Not this trip. I'm going to be busy and Julia has another baby doctor appointment next week, plus they're working on a bondage bed frame for an Alaskan King mattress we're getting."

"Really?" Brianna asked. "How far along are you?"

"Pretty much done except for another coat of varnish."

"Could you show it to me?" Brianna asked, "turn it into a FaceTime call?"

"Sure," Master said. "Let me hang up and FaceTime Zoe right back."

"Please do."

Master hung up and we went downstairs. He started the call. Then while Lisa held the camera, Master hooked me up to all the bondage stations he'd created on the bed frame. One after the other. Naturally, as he did so, I became soaking wet, slave slut that I was. I think the others could see the evidence of my arousal as he posed me. He left me hanging on the St. Andrews cross which pulled out from under the bed when he'd finished demonstrating. 

"I'll pay you $10,000 for another just like it," Brianna said.

My jaw dropped. So did Lisa's. We wouldn't even have MD's 30% sales fee to contend with.

"I'd be willing to sell one for $9000 since you're letting me stay there next week," Master said. It was the right thing to offer.

"I'll take another," Sam said. "I've been looking at getting an Alaskan King as well. We're a little snug in our King Size and Chantelle has been making hints she'd like to get preggers in the next couple years, before her father and mother get too old to enjoy grandkids."

$18,000 dollars. After Master took out for materials, we'd have close to $8,000 to split between Lisa and I with two more beds. Not to mention the furniture Mistress Dark was currently selling. I was feeling better and better about our business venture. Of course, we probably wouldn't get as much for bed frames for smaller size mattresses, but they wouldn't take as long to do either. 

"I'll see you on Sunday then," Master said. "Thanks for letting me stay there."

"No problem," Brianna said. "See you later, Scott," Sam said. Zoe mentioned, "Master Scott, we can discuss the work I've done on your contract when you arrive. You might be able to bring it home with you when you leave."

They hung up and Master examined me, his spread eagled slave. 

"I'd like to whip you, Julia. Would you object?" Master asked. "It's for nothing you've done. I simply wish to do so, you look so helpless and delicious right now."

"No, Master," I whimpered, practically cumming already, just fastened there.

"Lisa, please get me my whip," he said, his cock starting to swell.

"Yes, Master." She disappeared with haste.

Master approached me, and I had a small orgasm, panting hard, apologizing to Master for cumming without permission, almost quivering with need. He cupped my mound and shoved two fingers inside me and my orgasm strengthened and lengthened. I moaned like the bitch in heat I was. "Fuck."

Master smiled. "You love this, don't you slave."

"Yes, Master." I was humping his hand unashamedly. 

He pulled them out fed me his fingers, dripping with my fluids. I sucked them clean, tasting myself.

Lisa returned with the whip and handed it to him. He shook out the strands, tested it on himself, then smacked me on my stomach; a delicious mixture of stinging pain and pleasant warmth. Up to my breasts, taut, crinkled, peaked nipples, aimed at him. Indrawn breath, a whimper, a moan, more heat, flowing down to my cunt. A switch across my mound, red streaks, more heat, more wetness, another moan. Then measured strokes all up and down the front of my body from the tops of my boobs to my knees. Fifteen then twenty. Me melting, panting, an inferno of desire. Finally done and he bent his knees to get his cock aimed at my cunt and thrust upwards, and I screamed, cumming. I hadn't screamed for any of the stripes crisscrossing my body, but screaming for his cock, so good, so big, so perfect. It was a lengthy climax, riding his thrusts, moaning at his touch, his fevered lips on mine. I couldn't kiss him fast enough. Everything ideal, my idea of heaven, cumming on Master's cock. 

He climaxed, flooding my cunt with his cum and I orgasmed with him, breathing hard, on edge. His pulses over, he pulls out of me, our fluids leaking down my legs, rivulets of our love. Lisa pouncing on his cock, cleaning him, keeping him hard. Pushing her face at my cunt, ordering her to lick me clean, then plunging into her while she's bent over, clinging to my hips, gasping, licking, kissing. I climaxed again, shortly before she did, her panting breath hot on my bare pussy as Master ravished her. If I'd died at that moment, I couldn't imagine a better way to go. Tied to a cross, Master's cum leaking from my cunt, Lisa's tongue on me while Master pounded into her. Some moments just too perfect, too special to last. Lisa cumming again as Master arched into her, filling her as he'd filled me, Lisa's whimpers of pleasure music to my ears. 

"Fuck," Master moaned.

"Don't you mean, double fuck, sir," Lisa said. "You didn't stop at one."

I laughed. "Someone needs to release me," I said. "Master, may I say that was the finest whipping and fucking I've ever had. It's hard to believe the sex is getting even better."

"I'm glad you liked it."

"Just thinking of the two orders we have is wonderful," Lisa said. "It means we have a real shot of making this a successful business. Master, we may have to incorporate or do some type of limited partnership."

"I'll discuss our options with Zoe while I'm in LA," he replied, finally starting to unfasten my legs, which he was doing before my arms. Before he released my hands, he caressed my breasts and kissed me. "I'll order the supplies for the next couple beds tomorrow. Another thing you may wish to do is take a lot of pictures of the finished product and develop instructions for putting it together from a kit, and forward them to Mistress Dark. We can't just make a bunch of specific bed frames. Mistress Dark will have to take orders for specific sizes. The plans my have to change slightly for other sizes. A St. Andrews Cross may not fit under anything smaller than a Queen. We'll also need to develop prices based upon the different sizes and perhaps options. I was thinking of a small cage under the bed, plus some of the other things you showed me, accessories and add ons. I'll try to develop plans for other size beds while you girls are exercising every evening."

When I was finally released, I had to clean his cock of his and Lisa's cum which I was happy to do. Both flavors were quite familiar and beloved to me now. I also owed Lisa two orgasms according to Master, though it seemed it should be three. He told me I could take care of her while we were in bed.

Master watched me pleasure Lisa when we were in bed. He started getting hard again watching us. We offered to take care of his erection, but he declined saying he needed to sleep. Lisa and Master licked her cum off my face when I finished, so I wouldn't wear it all night. 

As we lay in bed after, I said, "It's possible we might have to have help sooner rather than later with our business. I'm getting fatter and it will soon be harder for me to move around."

"Did you have anyone in mind?" Master asked. 

"Our friends to start," I replied. "Reneé could do it if she wants more money than she makes as a sales clerk. Her hours might more closely align with ours, which would make Jerry happy. If Chen were to move next door and Janet and he becomes a couple, it would be very convenient for her to come from there to our house." 

"They haven't even been on a second date yet, and you think they could become an item?"

"It's possible. She accepted a first date with him knowing some of his back story and agreed to go out with him again. Chen is a very nice man who would be perfect for her. It may not happen, but it could."

"How would you want to pay them?" Master asked.

"We could offer them a choice of the percentage of the profits as we get, or $15 per hour. Their choice, perhaps a combination of the above, so they know they can depend on a paycheck, and a smaller percentage of the profits. We've already got approximately four weeks work right now without taking any further orders. I suspect business could boom once we get organized. We may even want to have our own web site and take over the sale of the items ourselves once we really get going."

"Yes, if orders increase," Master said. "Neither one of them probably knows fuck all about wood working."

"Neither did I when I started," Lisa said. "Julia still doesn't trust me to use the saws or other dangerous equipment, but I can measure, drill, screw, and hammer, and anyone can sand, stain and varnish."

"All slaves can screw," Master said, teasing.

"All slaves can fuck," Lisa retorted, "not all slaves can screw."

"It's your business," Master said. "You can do as you like, but you may want to wait until you start getting more orders in before hiring more help."

"Thank you, Master," I said. "We'll have some preliminary discussions with Reneé tomorrow. No promises, but explore whether she's even interested."

"As you wish. It's time to go to sleep now."

We both snuggled up against Master, and I fell asleep listening to his breathing.

******

SCOTT

I was very pleasantly surprised to find out we had two more furniture orders. And we'd effectively set the price for the Alaskan King bed frame at $10,000. The fucking we had afterward was inspired. As I drifted off to sleep, I also thought about spending a week in LA. Some absolutely beautiful women at Brianna's. I know Julia had hesitated before suggesting I stay there, and I could see why. All that perfect female flesh, but she shouldn't worry over much. They were all lesbians except for Sam's two and he said he didn't like sharing either. It really did seem as though my slaves could have a good business making bondage furniture. I thought of some possible names for the company. Bondage Babes, Bondage R' Us, all of the names I could think of pretty lame. 

After ordering the materials for two more beds frames, I told Jerry on Tuesday he'd be on his own next week as I needed to take a forty hour refresher for my contracting license. I also told him he might want to get his own general contractor's license. Be good for him as a partner.

"When would I take classes?" he asked.

"In the evenings after work. You could leave early if you needed to be at class by a specific time."

"Shit I just got a slave I want to fuck all the time and I have to surrender more of my time to non-fucking matters."

I laughed. "They are delightful creatures, aren't they."

"Hell, yes. I was disappointed she was working out until 9:30. I'm almost ready to tell her to forget about exercise; I'll give her more than enough exercise."

"If you start taking classes, it will give her something to do while you're in class."

Jerry laughed. "The things you have to do to get ahead in this world."

"I know, right? Leave a sexy slave or two at home while you work. It's a bitch. I have to leave mine for a week, so don't squawk too loudly about a couple fucking hours."

"Why not take them with you?" Jerry asked.

"I can't give them any time anyway, between classes and studying, plus Julia has another doctor appointment next week, and they're going to be very busy with their work."

"What work are they doing?"

"Bondage furniture. They just got an $18,000 order."

"No shit? Like that thing you built when Julia's slavery started?"

"We sold that. This order is for bed frames; two."

"Two bed frames, for eighteen grand?"

"Actually, twenty. I'm giving them a discount because I'm staying with them next week."

"Twenty grand, for two bed frames only; no mattresses?"

"It's more than a bed frame, it's bondage furniture. You can't just walk into a furniture store and buy the shit. It's not mass produced. Plus, it's for really big beds."

"For that price, it should be fifty feet by fifty feet." 

"Only nine by nine. You ignored the rest of that. Where's the competition? Who else is going to build stuff like that? Actually, Julia and Lisa were thinking of adding some help. They were thinking of asking if Reneé was interested."

"Reneé doesn't know woodworking."

"Neither did Lisa. To start, she'd mostly do sanding, staining and varnish. It's not that hard or complex. What does she earn at the store?"

"I don't know."

"The good part would be she'd never be working any hours other than what my own slaves would be working; no evenings, no weekends, nothing to interfere with your activities."

"You should have led with that," Jerry laughed. "I don't care where she works if she's available whenever I want her."

"Have you spanked Reneé yet?" I asked.

"A couple times, not very hard. I don't want to scare her off before making her slavery permanent."

"Big mistake. It's never permanent in the sense you're thinking. She can always end her slavery. You should spank her as hard as you'd like to do so she can establish hard limits for her slavery. How hard, how many, with what, hands, paddle, whip."

"I don't know how to do that," he replied.

"She's coming over to exercise tonight. I'd be happy to demonstrate how to do it. We can even use The Enforcer and a whip if you would ever consider using a paddle or whip."

"I'm not sure."

"Leave it up to Reneé whether she'd be willing to accept either one. The submissive always gets to establish her own hard and soft limits. It's never up to you to decide what they should be."

"I'll ask her beforehand; see what she wants to do."

"You do that. I'll feed you, so you don't feel left out."

The day went quickly. Soon it was time to leave. Jerry told me he'd see me in a few and left, as did I. When I got home, I told my slaves Jerry was coming over tonight, with the expectation of learning how to properly spank or whip Reneé. I said I'd demonstrate the techniques on one of them and since I'd done Julia last, I expected to do Lisa today. She was readily agreeable. They reminded me I'd promised Janet we wouldn't be naked for yoga and swimming if she was here. It was disappointing but understandable. Since Lisa was going to be the one punished, Julia sucked me dry. Then everyone put on clothes so as not to offend Janet. They'd already eaten, and I was waiting for Jerry to come so I could eat with him.

Jerry arrived a little before the women who were coming straight from work. My slaves each kissed him when he arrived, and offered him a drink. He took a beer. I think he was disappointed at not finding them naked. I noticed his dismay and told him since Janet was exercising with them and she wasn't a slave and not expected to go naked, they were trying to make her more comfortable in our home. Jerry understood. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"I don't think Reneé brought any exercise clothes with her, she was expecting to be naked," Jerry said.

"Do either of you have anything which Reneé could wear?" I asked my slaves.

"We can check, Master, but Reneé is thinner than either of us, taller than me and shorter than Julia. I'm not sure we would have anything," Lisa replied.

"We'll look, sir," Julia said, and they both disappeared. 

Reneé and Janet arrived before they came back. Reneé immediately began removing her clothes, stripping naked for her Master. Since all she had on was a skirt and top, there wasn't much to remove. Her top was off before I halted her.

"Please wait, Reneé," I said. "We don't want to make Janet uncomfortable in our home. Lisa and Julia are looking for something you can wear."

"I was looking forward to going naked," Reneé said. "I'm used to it now, and it's so much more comfortable. Janet, would you mind if I wore nothing? Our Master's will remain clothed."

"Julia and Lisa will still be dressed," I added. 

Janet looked somewhat dubious, but Reneé was her friend and doing the asking, not one of us others who she barely knew.

"I suppose it would be okay," she replied.

"Thank you," Reneé said, and finished stripping off her clothes, kneeling naked beside Jerry when they were off. 

Julia and Lisa returned with a couple items they thought might fit, pausing when they saw Reneé kneeling naked on the floor. 

"Janet is allowing Reneé to get comfortable. You still need to wear clothes however," I said.

"Yes, sir," Julia replied, returning the items to our room.

Lisa gave both of the other women a bottle of water and grabbed one for herself and fellow slave. "We already have yoga mats set up by the pool," Lisa said. "Come out and we'll get started. Julia will join us shortly."

They went outside and I started serving Jerry the meal my slaves had prepared. Julia trailed through a moment after, joining the others outside.

******

JULIA

I envied Reneé her nudity. Had I always been such an exhibitionist? I suppose I really had no problem being nude for almost anyone at home, only unwilling to be nude in public since it could be a legal problem, but Master had us both dress provocatively outside the home and I became liquid at the stares of others. 

Lisa and I got them started on some very basic positions, mostly addressing some of the balance activities they'd have to do and could even do on their own. Reneé being nude was arousing to her as well as to Lisa and I. We could smell her arousal, so attuned were we to it anymore. She was a cute girl and we both found her sexy which made us aroused. The only thing which would have made it worse would have been Master and Jerry outside watching. Fortunately, they ate inside and we were alone by the pool.

I really didn't know what Janet thought of Reneé's nakedness. She glanced at her occasionally in the beginning, but otherwise ignored her. We had to put our hands on them sometimes to adjust their positions or get their spines properly aligned. Mostly, I was doing Reneé and Lisa was doing Janet, but it depended upon who noticed something first. 

The yoga did give us an opportunity to speak. I asked Reneé how much she made at the store.

"Not much more than minimum wage," she said. "About $13.50 per hour." So about a $1.50 more than California's $12.00 minimum.

"Lisa and I are starting our own business. Would you be interested in working with us?"

"Doing what?"

"Building bondage furniture, like the piece you saw on Memorial Day."

"I don't know anything about furniture making," Reneé replied.

"Neither did I," Lisa said. "I started out sanding, staining and varnishing, none of which is too difficult. I've worked up to doing most of the other stuff. The only thing I'm not doing yet is using the power saw to cut. Julia is still doing that, not having had the time to teach me properly since she doesn't want me to cut any body parts off."

"How do you know how to do those things?" Janet asked.

"When Scott started his carpentry business, I worked on his crews with him for a couple years. He's worked his way up to General Contractor now, but still runs his own carpentry crews, subcontracting plumbing, electrical, concrete, and A/C-heating. I learned from him."

"How much would you pay?" Reneé asked.

"We could start you out at $15 per hour and as you got good at what you do, increase your pay. We were thinking of offering you $20 after three months, or keep you at $15 with a smaller share of the profits or just pay you a share of the profits like us, whichever you'd prefer. We just got an order for two bed frames like the one we just built for ourselves. It's about a months worth of work for just the two of us. Our share of the proceeds is $8000."

"$4000 apiece for two bed frames?" Janet asked. "How much are you selling them for?"

"We were offered $10000 apiece, but Master offered them for $1000 less because he's staying with the people ordering them next week while he takes his continuing education courses in LA for maintaining his GC license."

"Ten thousand apiece for bed frames?" Janet asked in astonishment.

"If they were just bed frames, they wouldn't cost as much, but they are for very big mattresses. They're bondage furniture as well. That stuff is expensive. Only a few people make them and they're very expensive. We were planning to build more of the bondage piece we had on Memorial Day, but the bed frames kind of hide the purpose as you need to leave them out for company to see. The other one is obvious what it is. Mistress Dark is selling that one as used. We already sold the new one for $5500, but we paid a 30% sales fee on that to Mistress Dark for selling it on her web site."

"Who is Mistress Dark?" Janet asked, a little breathless from her Downward Facing Dog pose.

"The person who trained me to suck Master's cock all the way and to properly lick cunt," I said. "She also trained Lisa as a submissive for 24 hours before Master would accept her submission. She also trained Master how to paddle and whip us. She also trained Sarah as a dominant and Ron as a submissive. She's been a dominant for most of her adult life."

"You've been whipped?" Janet asked, astounded. "I knew you'd been spanked, but whipped?"

"Yes, most recently a couple nights ago. I climaxed during my whipping. Lisa will be whipped tonight when Master shows Jerry how to whip Reneé so he may do it without unduly harming her."

"Did you know this was going to happen tonight?" Janet asked Reneé.

"Yes. Master Jerry texted me asking if I would be agreeable. He said he'd like to establish some limits with me so he's sure he doesn't exceed those limits. It's the reason he came tonight."

Janet looked askance at all of us, wondering if she'd suddenly found herself at a loony bin. If not for my reading, I might have thought the same thing once. Now, it was all normal. None of us was making a big fuss about it, so she didn't have much to latch onto as far as strangeness went. We were calmly accepting the fact that two of us were to be whipped later. If I told her I wished it was me instead of Lisa being whipped, I'm sure she would be screaming in panic.

We finished up the yoga and started swimming laps. Reneé was the worst swimmer of the three of us, but Lisa and I had been swimming for exercise for years and I had a pool to swim in. Janet had swum in high school, though not much lately, but the concept of swimming wasn't foreign to her. I think the other thing Reneé had against her is she didn't carry a lot of fat, so she didn't float well. It was swim or sink, so she needed to remain moving, but she was game.

Master and Jerry came out and watched the last half hour, both of them developing erections as they watched a naked Reneé thrash through the water, stopping somewhat frequently to rest. The rest of us did our resting by changing our stroke and doing more gliding and floating. Finally, Master called time.

"It's nine PM, slaves. Say your goodbyes so we can finish up before it gets too late."

Janet got out of the pool and started drying off, as did the rest of us. She looked like she was struggling with something. Finally, she said to me, "Would it be okay if I watched?"

"Let me ask Master," I replied. "It's not up to me."

I went up to Master and Jerry and asked, "Janet was curious and wishes to see Lisa and Reneé disciplined."

Jerry said he didn't care, but Master looked concerned. He approached Janet with me trailing after him.

"Julia said you wished to watch. Do you really want to see two slaves get punished?"

"I'm curious," she admitted. "They seem so blasé about it, when it seems so strange and even contemptible to me."

"I'm not afraid of showing you for myself," Master said, "but I doubt Chen wants you to witness the stranger behaviors of his friends, thinking they might taint your opinion of him when he has nothing to do with this other than remain our friends despite our behavior."

I now knew why Master was concerned and didn't immediately agree. He didn't want Chen painted with our brush.

"I appreciate your concern, and I can understand why he might feel that way. I can't say it won't affect my perception of him, but I'll try not to let the things you do color my appreciation of who and what he is himself."

Master thought about it a little longer. "We'll all be naked, and there will be fucking afterward. Naked, punished slaves are very appealing to their Master's who will often take them immediately after they're punished. Does this alter your desire to watch?"

Now it was Janet's turn to pause. She'd thought she'd be seeing slaves be punished, not necessarily fucked. Watching a live sex show might not be something she bargained for when she asked to watch. Master waited patiently for her to process the additional information.

"I wouldn't have to be naked myself, and I can leave anytime I wish?" Janet asked.

"There is no nudity requirement for you to watch and no one is participating against their will. That includes you and you're free to leave whenever you want," Master replied.

"Then I'd like to stay if the slaves have no objection." 

When she said slaves, it seemed as if she'd tasted ashes on her tongue.

Lisa spoke up. "Being watched will make me cum harder." A slut slave like myself, my sister slave.

Reneé said, "I know you're curious why I've chosen this life for myself. Perhaps this will answer some questions for you."

"I'm not being punished tonight. It makes no difference whether she watches or not, though I'd not care even if it was me," I said, adding my voice to the mix in the event Janet cared for my opinion.

"Then you can watch if you wish," Master said. "Slaves, strip off your clothes and display." 

Reneé was already nude, leaving only myself and Lisa to follow his command, which we did instantly, dropping our wet swimwear to the ground and assuming a display position. Reneé had displayed as soon as Master gave the order, feet apart, hands behind her neck, small breasts thrust out, naked sex awaiting a Master's touch. Master picked up our suits and carried them to a clothesline, where he hung them to dry. We maintained our position, heads and backs straight, gloriously naked once more. I felt myself grow wetter as Janet watched us. I was aching for some cock right now but I wouldn't get any until later, more's the pity.

"Julia, please get 'The Enforcer', the whip, and cuffs for Lisa's and Reneé's ankles and wrists. Reneé can use yours. Lisa lead Reneé to the basement and kneel for us." We couldn't wear our leather when swimming, so we'd removed it when dressing for our exercise.

"Yes, Master," we both acknowledged and scurried to do his bidding, Reneé following Lisa to the basement. Master, Jerry and Janet took their time. I'd already reached the basement with the equipment before they got there. 

I was kneeling too, my legs spread, my sex nearly dripping with desire. Jerry and Master removed their clothes, exposing their handsome cocks, not quite hard but thickening as blood flowed to them. I handed Master Lisa's red gear and my black. He handed the black ones to Jerry.

"You should get your slave some leather cuffs and collars. One's with D-rings and snap attachments work well for punishment. I always suggest you put them on yourself to reinforce your role as her Master." While he spoke, he was putting on Lisa's collar. He had her stand and display to put on her cuffs. Julia, please answer any questions Janet might have about what's going on." Jerry started putting my gear on Reneé. 

"Yes, sir. Janet, feel free to ask questions."

"Is he really going to whip her?" Janet asked, whispering.

"Yes, with this," I showed her the whip, though I didn't whisper in reply. "It's actually nicer than this," showing her 'The Enforcer', "even though Master will use it on her breasts and cunt. Almost every slave I know prefers the whip to 'The Enforcer', which can only be applied to the buttocks. It stings like mad."

"Won't it hurt?"

"Yes, it hurts, but it's also sexual. Lisa will probably cum. I do most of the time now. The pain is relatively short-lived and as I've said before, we have a safe word which if used, immediately requires Master to stop. Our safe word is Alpha, which requires Master to inquire further if we use it, or Omega, which immediately halts everything." I shoved two fingers up Lisa's cunt, causing her to gasp, then showed Janet the slime on my fingers before licking it off. "Our sexual arousal helps mitigate the pain due to the release of endorphins which suppress pain."

"How was she sexually aroused? I haven't seen anything to stimulate her arousal."

I laughed. "We're always aroused now, so Master can use either of us at any time, by our slavery as much as anything else. We were aroused more by Reneé's nudity, and by our own when told to strip, and when Master started putting Lisa's cuffs and collar on. When he hangs her for punishment, she'll get wetter yet. I probably will too. I'm almost dripping now." I ran my fingers through my own slit and showed her the similar result. "We're no longer afraid of our own needs and desires anymore. I'm always ready and eager to fuck." I licked my own fingers, tasting myself. "I'm reasonably certain Reneé is too, else she wouldn't have chosen to become Jerry's sex slave. May I touch you, Reneé?"

Jerry was kneeling down, putting the cuffs on her ankles.

"Yes, but don't make me cum. I'm very close," she whimpered.

I slid my fingers through Renee's slit, making her moan slightly, showing Janet the evidence of her arousal. Janet shook her head.

"I'd be terrified if I knew I was going to be whipped."

"You were in an abusive relationship where you didn't know what to expect from your boyfriend. My marriage has been very loving and secure. Master never laid a finger on me before my slavery and we fought or argued very little. I'm coming from a completely different place as far as my relationship goes. I know Master wouldn't do anything to really harm me. The pain I experience is very little compared to the pleasure I also experience. Even Reneé, who's had very limited experience with Jerry, had a fundamentally good experience when she tried it out over Memorial Day. Master spanked her as part of her sale to him, so she knew what she could expect when she decided to seek a dominant. When Master brought Reneé home, she said she had a very good time and asked to be included as Master's submissive. At the time, Master thought we were ending in a few days and didn't want the care and responsibility of a third slave even if we weren't. He suggested Jerry as a possibility but told her to think about it for awhile and speak frankly with other sex slaves since she'd only been one for a little more than twenty-four hours, which is a far cry from every day."

Janet nodded thoughtfully.

Master and Jerry had both finished and Master showed Jerry how the arms slid out from the upper cross pillar section. Even slid out four feet from the cross bar, six and a half feet of the piece still held it rigidly in place. Master unfolded the eye so he could fasten Lisa to the bar. Lisa looked so lovely stretched taut for Master, I kissed her. When Jerry fastened Reneé the same way, she pleaded for permission to cum. What a good slave she was. Jerry gave her permission, like a good Master. She was going to be punished. Orgasms were good before punishment. Janet was astonished Reneé had to cum merely from being tied. Not me. It wouldn't take much for me to cum either. If Master fastened me up, I'd probably orgasm like a moaning bitch.

Master addressed himself to Reneé. 

"Jerry told me he's spanked you a few times, but he said he's gone easy on you. I think he should spank you like he would normally, so you can establish some soft and hard limits for any discipline you require. That he should use a paddle if he intends to ever paddle you and a whip if he ever intends to whip you. I offered to show him how to begin. He spanked Lisa briefly when her slavery began, but it was a while back and he hasn't done it regularly. You can establish your own limits with hand spankings, but I wanted to show him the paddle and whip. Do you agree to be paddled and whipped?"

"Yes, Master Scott; I do agree."

"Jerry will be doing you after I demonstrate the techniques on Lisa. Do you have a safe word established yet?"

"I haven't felt the need to establish one yet, Master Scott. Jerry has been a very good and kind Master. Mostly we've had sex. Lots and lots of sex. I haven't had a need to stop him from having sex with me."

Master laughed, as did I. I never wanted to stop having sex either.

"Well, if he's going to start punishing you on a regular basis, you should have a safe word. A lot of people use yellow to slow things down or lower intensity and red to stop them."

"Why would she need to be punished?" Janet asked me.

"I'm punished for orgasming without Master's permission, or for losing focus on giving others pleasure when I cum. It could be any number of things determined by the parties involved. We have an acquaintance called Slut who enjoys being punished. I'm sure there are many things she does specifically to anger her Mistress so she can be punished. Master has punished me a couple times at my request and once because he wanted to."

"You asked to be punished? Do you enjoy pain? Are you a masochist?"

"I can't say I enjoy pain. I don't get off on toothaches, or hangnails, or accidentally cutting myself. But there is something sensuous to being punished by my Master; to feel his hand smacking my ass. As Master told you when he warned you of what you'd witness today; the punishment is usually a prelude to sex. Mind-blowing sex. The pain is an anticipation to the pleasure. I feel all the tension of the day leaving my body. It's almost relaxing. It's hard to explain, but I enjoy it immensely. I envy them. I want what they'll soon be having; their Master's cock up their hot, moist cunts or asses." 

Since Janet didn't ask another question immediately, letting my answer percolate through her consciousness, I tuned into what Master was saying again. This time he was talking to Jerry. "...because she's already had an orgasm, it's good, you might be able to start immediately, but it might be good to give Reneé another first, as she's never experienced this particular pain before. You'll notice the handle is phallic shaped, and it does a dandy job, or you can use your fingers, or since Julia is currently available, you might use her agile little tongue."

Please, Jerry, let me use my tongue on your delicious slave, I thought. I haven't tasted her juices yet.

"I'll use my fingers," he said. I took a deep breath.

"Julia, why don't you give Lisa two quick orgasms with your mouth. She hasn't cum yet. You may cum without permission, slave."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"Thank you, Master," we both said at once and I laughed again.

So while Jerry finger fucked his slave to a screaming orgasm, I did the same to Lisa with my mouth. The first one took almost no time at all. My tongue barely rasped over her protuberant clit and she spasmed, sending a spate of her fluids onto my tongue, warm and salty. The second one took slightly longer, but Lisa was worked up in anticipation and I was becoming quite good at giving her pleasure. She climaxed again shortly after Reneé did and with as much noise. When I finished, I glanced at Janet to see what she thought of our little performance. I don't believe she was conscious of what she was doing, but her hand was rubbing lightly on the outside of her suit over her pussy. She saw where I was looking, realized what she was doing and hastily pulled her hand away. Poor woman. She didn't realize how freeing it was to finally surrender to her sexuality. I backed away from Lisa; she'd had her two orgasms.

Master continued with his explanation. "Jerry, 'The Enforcer' stings like a bitch. I suggest you hit yourself on the leg a few times to get a feeling for how much it hurts. You need to understand how painful it is. You will not strike Reneé with anything like full force. When you have struck yourself as hard as you feel you can stand, it gives you a starting point for how hard you might paddle Reneé's bottom. I'll generally give my slaves another orgasm about halfway through their spanking of thirty strokes. Somewhere about fifteen or twenty strokes. I'll demonstrate on Lisa."

Master hit his own thigh until he found the force he was willing to use, then began spanking Lisa's delectable ass. Lisa gasped with the first one, as we usually did because the sting was so sudden, but quieted down as she grew accustomed to it. As he swatted her bottom; slow, deliberate strokes, he continued speaking.

"It's important to keep an eye on your slave. It's okay if she cries, or screams suddenly, or her body wriggles, but pay attention. You never want to strike her so hard she's forced to use her safe word. You can slow down, speed up, cut back the force, but never increase it from what you started off with. Her bottom is becoming increasingly inflamed and sore, and a blow of exactly the same force will hurt proportionately more than the last one. It's also a good idea to keep moving the location from side to side and up and down."

Of course, as he was speaking, he was also demonstrating and Lisa's backside was turning a familiar shade of red. Both Jerry and Reneé were watching intently, as was Janet. Lisa's moans were as much of pleasure as they were pain. Master stopped after twenty and fucked her with the handle of the Enforcer. Lisa screamed through another orgasm. When she did, Reneé quickly begged Jerry for permission to cum as well and given permission, climaxed merely from watching. She was going to be a very good slave. She might as well bond to Jerry now rather than wait a month. 

Janet watched with wide eyes as both slaves climaxed. Master finished the paddling and left a panting Lisa hanging while he handed the Enforcer to Jerry to start on Reneé. While Jerry began by testing it out on himself as Master suggested, I asked Janet if she wanted to touch Lisa's ass to feel how warm it was.

"May I?" She asked.

"Of course. You should understand completely if you want to watch."

She reached out and put four fingers lightly on Lisa's red bottom, lowering them to the palm, her hand spread over Lisa's cheek. Lisa whimpered.

Janet snatched her hand away, thinking she'd somehow hurt her.

"That was a whimper of pleasure, not pain," I said, and she tentatively put her hand back to feel it again. "Put your hand on her back or thigh so you can feel the difference in temperature between the spanked and unspanked parts," I suggested. Janet slid her hand down Lisa's ass to her thigh and back up, noting the temperature difference. Reneé's spanking was starting, but we ignored it for the moment.

"It's amazing," she whispered, "the difference."

"Yes. When I'm spanked on the ass, the heat seems to spread from my bottom to my pussy as if the heat spreads. My cunt feels as warm as my buttocks do. Master loves to fuck us afterward, to feel the heat of our bottoms and cunt after a spanking. Do you want to cum again?" I ask Lisa.

"Please, yes," she answers.

"Ask Master for permission."

"Master, your slave begs for permission to cum again," Lisa pleads.

"Julia, take care of it for me," Master said, still monitoring Reneé's punishment.

"Do you want to do it," I ask Janet, "make her cum?"

"No, I couldn't."

She doesn't yet understand the needs of slaves, or she might not be so hesitant to grant a poor slave relief. I push three fingers into Lisa's cunt and she orgasmed, moaning. When her climax ends, I lick the renewed fluids from her cunt and my fingers. We both turn our attention to the other slave.

Reneé is dancing at the end of her tether. She's crying softly, but she's not used her safe word. Master suggests another orgasm might be in order at this point. Jerry stops her spanking and uses the handle to bring her off. She surrenders to a gasping, moaning, powerful orgasm that ripples through her body for several minutes. Oh, how I envy her. I would give anything to be hanging in her place. Janet is so surprised by the pleasure Reneé is undergoing. She can't understand it. I'm not. How can you explain the close association of sensual pain to sexual pleasure if you've never experienced it yourself?

Jerry finished Reneé's paddling. There was a smile on her face. She was limp, not from exhaustion, but from her ecstasy. Cum was dripping down her leg. Jerry collected it on his finger and licked it off.

Master picked up the whip and showed it to Reneé.

"Reneé, once again I'll ask you for your permission. I'm going to show Jerry how to use the whip on you. After I'm done demonstrating this whip on Lisa, he's going to use it on you; on your back, your legs, your buttocks, your stomach, your breasts and your cunt. We won't do anything to your face, nor your neck because it's too close to your face. I'll be monitoring you and Jerry. Do you give your permission for him to whip you?"

"Yes, Master Scott."

"Is there any part of your body you'd prefer not to be whipped."

"I'd like to try everything at least once, sir" she said breathlessly, realizing she was giving permission for her Master to lash her tender young nipples and juicy cunt. I could almost feel the strands myself and I gave a quick exhalation to think of it, the proud buds, the soft folds.

"Pay attention, Jerry," Master said. "This is important. Once again, test this on yourself before you strike your slave." He struck his leg several times until he was satisfied. "Normally, I'd reduce the strength of my blows on Lisa's buttocks because she's just had a paddling and they would still be tender, but she's had some time since her bottom was paddled and you can see, the red is already fading." Master stroked Lisa's ass, making her moan again. "Therefore, I'll hit her as hard as I just hit myself. I'll use the same force on her back and her legs as I do her bottom. I'll do the first fifteen to her backside, then give her another orgasm before proceeding to whip her front. The nice thing about the whip compared to all other forms of punishment I'm familiar with is almost the entire body is available to be struck. Thirty lashes with the whip can be well spread over Lisa's body without concentrating on one particular area. In my mind, it makes it easier to tolerate on the whole."

Master proceeded to demonstrate, the lash striking first just over Lisa's buttocks, the next one on the backs of her thighs, the third on her reddened butt cheeks. Lisa remained silent but for soft whimpers. He finished the first fifteen and finger fucked Lisa to another orgasm. She was thrusting her hips against Master's hand in a most salacious and lustful manner and watching her, I ached to finger myself to orgasm. Apparently, Janet had the same idea, but she wasn't restrained by a Master's command that a slave's pleasure belonged only to him. She was idly rubbing herself again, not even conscious of it until she saw me watching her. She pulled her hand away guiltily and hastily.

I said something to her. "If you want to touch yourself, go ahead. No one here will think less of you and the slaves completely understand," I whispered. After, she let her hand drift back to her swimsuit and allowed herself to touch her pussy, though I'm sure she would have preferred to dip under her suit as opposed to over it.

Master had turned Lisa so she now faced the others, her front now exposed to his whip.

"As a general rule of thumb, I assume my slaves can tolerate about half of what I did to their backs to their bellies. And when I whip their tits or cunt, I cut it by half again what I'll whip their bellies at. Are you ready, Lisa?"

"Yes, Master."

He started with her stomach, spreading five strokes all over her belly and legs, pink stripes appearing wherever the strands fell. The next five were to Lisa's lovely breasts, high and taut from her position, her nipples hard and puckered. Master applied the whip to the tops and bottoms of her breasts before striking her peaks with the last two. Lisa was silently crying after her nipples were struck, but not groaning or muttering in pain. I could almost feel the burn in my own, the flare of fire, quickly dying. The next three were to Lisa's mound and upper thighs, red streaks appearing where the lashes kissed.

"Spread your legs, slave," Master said, and Lisa's legs sprung apart.

"Master, may I cum?" She cried before he struck her, knowing how close she was to her orgasm.

"Yes, slave, you may cum," Master answered before twirling the strands up between her legs, making her dance on her toes. She climaxed though, whimpering and moaning as the waves of her orgasm swept through her. Master sent the next blow to the same place, continuing her dance and her climax. Master handed the whip to Jerry and lifted Lisa into the air, plunging his rampant prick into her pussy. Lisa screamed in pleasure. Master bounced her up and down on his cock until he shot his semen deep in her cunt. The whole time Master fucked Lisa, Janet was frantically rubbing the front of her swimsuit, until I heard a quick gasp of pleasure and her eyes closed.

"It's okay," I whispered. "I understand."

She opened her eyes and looked at me, then kissed me quickly on the lips. I let her kiss me, but didn't kiss back, not knowing if she'd welcome it. She was just wound up. We all were. Reneé was panting nearly as hard as Lisa and the whip hadn't been used on her yet. Jerry's cock looked as if it wanted to split at the seams it was so hard. The slightest touch on my cunt would have sent me over the edge. 

When Master pulled out of Lisa, I was responsible for cleaning both her and him off, Master releasing Lisa from her bonds as I licked their fluids from her reddened twat, pounded hard by Master after her whipping. Lisa had to ask permission to cum again as I licked her she was so wound up. Master kissed her after granting permission. It made my task slightly more difficult, but his cock was immediately available to be cleaned after I finished with Lisa.

Then it was Jerry's turn to whip Reneé. As far as I could tell, he followed Master's instructions perfectly, with the exact same result, Renee climaxing when he whipped her cunt and plunging in afterward to empty his black balls in her tight sheath. Master offered my services to clean her cunt afterward, but Jerry took it upon himself to clean her off, then she did the same for him. Everyone had cum but me, and I still hadn't tasted Reneé yet.

I was immensely surprised when Janet asked if someone would punish her so she could experience what it was like. I suppose I shouldn't have been. She'd been aroused by witnessing it to the point she'd masturbated, but she'd expressed deep reservations about what we'd done.

"No," Master replied. "First of all, you're not a slave yourself. Secondly, I know Chen wouldn't appreciate us demonstrating this on you. You witnessed what happened afterward. It wouldn't be right. He's not even here to tell us it's okay."

"I'm not his girlfriend yet," Janet explained. "We've only gone on one date."

"But he certainly hopes to be, and until you're definitely not, it would be a major violation of the bro code."

"How can I know what it's like to be a slave if you won't show me? What about the women? Certainly one of them could show me what it was like."

"My slaves don't have sex except with other slaves, and you're not a slave."

"What about Reneé?" Janet asked Jerry. "Can she show me what it's like." 

Interesting choice. After all, Reneé was her friend. If she was concerned about what might happen, her friendship might ease any concerns she might have.

"I don't think Chen would be overly concerned if Reneé showed you what it was like if neither Scott or I were around," Jerry said, "but it's already quite late. Why don't you wait until Thursday?"

"We have poker on Thursday, Master Jerry," Lisa pointed out. 

Jerry thought a moment. "If it's okay with Scott, you can show Janet what punishment is like today, but I'm going home to bed. I expect you home by 11:30, and when you return, wake me up with a blow job." That gave Reneé an hour to play and a half hour to get home. Perfectly reasonable to me.

"I have no objection," Master said. "Lisa you remain down here to monitor her punishment. No more sex for you. Come to bed after they leave. Julia come with me. I'm not done with you." 

Finally, I was going to get fucked. As we went up the stairs, we heard Reneé order, "Strip off your clothes, Janet. I'm going to put my collar and cuffs on you. You'll give me an orgasm for every one I give you. Say, 'Yes, Mistress,' slave."

I heard her say, "Yes, Mistress," before we were up the stairs.

******

Master was asleep when Lisa came to bed. He'd fucked me soundly for a half hour before going to sleep. I'd cum five times, I was so ready; once as soon as he entered me and four other times before he filled me with his cum. In order not to disturb him as he slept, I whispered to Lisa to come to the bathroom so I could question her. We crept into the bathroom and I kissed her.

"What was it like?" I asked. "What did Reneé do?"

"Reneé finger fucked Janet to an orgasm to flood her body with endorphins, then she gave her a hard hand spanking of twenty swats. As hard as you've given me. She must have been close to another orgasm, because as soon as Reneé licked her clit, Janet climaxed again. Then Reneé used the Enforcer on Janet for twenty strokes, turning her ass totally red. After, she fucked her with the handle until she orgasmed again. For the next thirty minutes, Reneé made Janet lick her to three orgasms, totally coating her face in her fluids. They still had a few minutes before Reneé had to leave so she offered Janet to me to have an orgasm, but I told her Master didn't want me having sex again, especially with a non-slave. So they left."

"Had Janet ever had sex with women before?"

"I don't know. We know Reneé was bisexual and they were friends, so possibly, though she didn't look particularly skilled. As aroused as Reneé was, it still took her almost thirty minutes to make her cum three times. You or I could have made Reneé cum three times in ten minutes as buzzed as she was. I think she was doing it for the first time as part of her exploring what slavery would be like."

"If Janet ends up being submissive, do you see Chen being dominant?" I asked.

"Beats me. He's never struck me as being dominant. Always willing to participate in the sex, yes, but I don't know."

"Did Janet say anything about her experiences before she left?"

"Not to me. She was pretty quiet after it was over. She thanked me for helping with her exercise, but nothing more. I don't know what she may have said to Reneé. Reneé told me she was willing to work with us if Jerry agreed she could, but she'd have to give Gwen two weeks notice."

"It's the honorable thing to do. I don't begrudge her the notice." I held Lisa's arm. "I'm still horny. I wish Master had given us permission to have sex again."

"Me too," Lisa replied. "Watching them made it worse. It wouldn't take much to make me cum."

"Even if we can't have sex, I'd like it if you would hold me and kiss me," I said. "It would comfort me."

She kissed me. Her kiss I returned, not like Janet's. "I'd be happy to hold your naked body in my arms, my love."

"As I would you, Lisa." I took her hand and led her to our bed. We lay down in each others arms, pressed against one another and kissing until sleep overtook us. We didn't wake our Master.

******

"Master," I asked after swallowing his cum the following morning, "will I be allowed to attend the poker game on Thursday at Regina's or is it still too soon for me to act the slave again?" 

Lisa was already taking a shower, but I'd lingered to speak to Master.

"I'd prefer you remain home another week at least," Master said. "The one following will be at our house."

"While you're in LA, Master? Wouldn't it be better if you monitor your friends behavior once while you are here before they come over here while you are gone. I don't fear for their behavior, but it was agreed we should restrict our slave activities around them until we're sure they'll behave. The only chance to observe their behavior as a group is at the poker game."

"Mmm. You're right of course. And it's not as if I fear for your safety any more than you do. I do worry about their attitude towards you and Lisa. You were treated as the slaves you were by everyone, but you're only my slaves now, exclusively, and until I know they are ready to accept the changed status quo, I'm reluctant to expose you to their scrutiny until I'm sure it won't be taken amiss."

"What shall I do while you are gone then, sit in my room? Hide in the basement?"

"Lisa's house hasn't closed yet. You could go over there for the evening," Master suggested.

"Even though it's not been closed upon, it is supposed to be Chen's property. Should we use it without his permission?"

"No, of course not. I can speak to him."

"Perhaps I might make a suggestion, Master."

"Of course."

"This Thursday, I do yoga and swimming with Janet since she wouldn't be attending the poker game either. Next week, while you're gone, I'll go with her to the gym for several hours, then perhaps go to her house after the gym and wait for the game to end." 

"Do you want to fuck her, slave?"

"Not without your permission and only if she's a slave, sir."

"But you are intrigued by her?"

"Yes, sir. What did she think about last night? Was she afraid, ashamed? Did she enjoy herself, or does she condemn herself for feeling the way she did; for wanting to experience what it was like to be a slave? Does she desire to become one like us, or is she afraid of her desires, especially given her past relationship with an asshole? If she ends up wanting to be a submissive, will Chen wish to be a Master, or will she have to seek someone else? I do have many questions."

"And you hope she will answer them for you?"

"Yes, Master. I do." 

"I suppose it would be beneficial for Chen to know exactly who he's interested in. It would be unfortunate if they're not a match. He's so lonely and seems quite smitten with her."

"I hope to learn what is driving Janet, sir."

"Very well, Julia. You may carry out your plan to acquire information. Anything you find out which might affect Chen, please discuss them with me."

"Yes, Master, though I don't want to hurt Janet. She may be a fellow slave."

"We won't hurt Janet, but we may warn Chen of what to expect. He should know if he's gaining a girlfriend or a slave."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
"Yes, sir."

"The supplies for the two new bed frames will be delivered today. You and Lisa can begin construction today."

"Yes, sir. We offered a job to Reneé last night during yoga. After thinking about it, before she left, Reneé told Lisa she agreed to accept, but needs to give Gwen two weeks notice."

"What terms did you offer her?"

"Fifteen per hour for three months, sir, until she becomes more accomplished, then her choice of twenty per hour, or fifteen plus a small percentage of the profits, or nothing per hour, but a larger percentage of the profits."

"That seems reasonable. Of course, I hope you'll have one of them done by the time she starts." 

"Yes, sir. As I become more pregnant, we'll need someone capable of handling some of the heavier duties. I hope to have one or both of them able to take over for my duties within two or three months."

Master bent down to kiss me, caressing my cunt as he did, making me moan. "I'm sure you'll have it handled."

"Thank you for your confidence, sir," I whimpered. "While we wait for the supplies to be delivered, I'll get busy on an instruction booklet." 

He released me, leaving me panting and breathless and left. I went to take my shower, passing Lisa as she exited. She noticed my flushed face and turgid nipples. 

"Did Master let you cum?" Lisa asked.

"No. More's the pity. I shall be a needy cunt all day now."

"Sometimes it's hard being a slave."

"Pretty much any time I'm not being fucked," I said, Lisa laughing at my response. She understood.

After my shower, I worked on the instructions for the bed frame. Lisa worked on clearing the garage of stuff so the delivery men would have a place to drop our supplies. She also made lunch and worked on supper for Master. At two-thirty, the delivery was made and Lisa was dressed to greet them and direct them to put everything in the garage. It was becoming impossible to park cars in it anymore. By three-thirty, we were measuring and cutting lumber, and I took the time to go through the process with Lisa. She had to learn to use this equipment for when I couldn't do it anymore. Today, I showed her everything I was doing. Tomorrow, I would watch her do it.

"Measure twice, cut once is what Master always said when teaching me this stuff. Always wear safety equipment, and if the wood gets ruined because of a stupid mistake, it's better than losing your fingers or a hand. You can always replace the wood. The hand is tougher to replace."

Lisa was very careful, never having worked around power equipment before. Today was easy but dangerous, cutting wood to size. Tomorrow would be sanding. Friday, we would start staining. At five, we cleaned up enough to be somewhat presentable for Master, though we'd be going to gym. When he arrived home, Lisa sucked his cock. I watched her lips wrapped around his steely shaft, his organ disappearing down her throat and again, I was struck by how much I loved them both. When I saw his prick pulsing his load into her, I had to kiss her before she swallowed so I could taste him on her tongue, then clean his cock until only my saliva glistened on his glans. We were already dressed for gym and had to leave shortly, so Master couldn't return the favor for either one of us.

On the drive, I told Lisa I was thinking of asking Zoe if she would arrange for a sex partner for Master while he was in LA. 

"All or most of them are lesbians, except Chantelle and Marcia. Sam wouldn't share either one of them, would he?"

"I doubt it. I hope not. They're both too beautiful, I'd be insanely jealous if he did. But some of them have been trying to get pregnant. Surely they'd consider a source for a father as smart and handsome as Master is. And there was the woman, Dawn, I think, who said she liked cock once in awhile. Perhaps she'd consider fucking Master."

"I'm amazed you'd let your husband get me pregnant. You'd let other women carry his children?"

"Brianna would care for them and pay for their upbringing. They'd be well cared for. We could see them on occasion. I could do it for him."

"Well, Master is your husband. I suppose it's up to you."

"Not anymore, Lisa. That's old thinking. He's our husband, just as much as if we'd both stood with him at the altar. It's not only my decision anymore. I've surrendered that right. He's our husband, yours and mine. The decision to let him fuck other people while he's away is our decision, not mine. I won't suggest it to him, nor ask Zoe unless we both agree it's something we want. I realized when you were sucking his cock tonight how much I love you both. I couldn't wait to kiss you with his cum in your mouth. Together. We're in this together."

Lisa laughed. "Master is right. I think it's your hormones. You're falling in love all over again due to the baby you're carrying."

"Our baby, Lisa. Yours, mine and Master's. Our child. Our husband. Our Master. Should we tell him to fuck slaves at Brianna's?"

"Aren't you worried he could fall in love with someone else?"

"He did fall in love with someone else. He fell in love with you, my sister slave. I guess if I was worried he'd leave me for another woman, I'd be concerned, but I don't believe he will ever leave us. If he falls in love with someone else, she'll have to join us and we'll have to open our hearts a little more to let her in. I could do it for him. I could do anything for him."

Lisa kissed me on the cheek. "You're beautiful, you know. I love you so much. If you're not worried about losing him to someone else, I suppose I shouldn't be concerned either. Tell Zoe to find him someone to fuck."

I squeezed her hand. "Thank you, my love."

******

I noticed there was a change between Reneé and Janet right away. Reneé was acting quite bossy and Janet quite timid. In fact, Janet was acting quite timid in front of all of us, and I suspected it was due to last nights activities, which probably still had her quite confused. Today was a Zumba class followed by weight work on the legs. Neither Janet nor Reneé had ever done Zumba before, so every time there was a move change, it took them a while to catch up. Reneé berated Janet for being unable to keep up even though she was having the same trouble. After about twenty minutes, I'd had enough of it. I reared back and smacked Reneé's upper thigh so hard, the entire class heard it. Reneé jumped two feet, startled and everyone looked at us.

"What was that for?" She whined, rubbing her leg.

"Come with me," I ordered. "You too, Janet." 

I marched out of the room with both of them trailing behind me. Lisa smiled at me as we left, knowing what I was going to say. She hadn't enjoyed what she'd seen either. We couldn't go to the locker room for privacy nor anywhere else in the building as far as I knew, so I led them down a hallway to a rear fire exit. We couldn't leave without setting off fire alarms, but if we talked quietly, we couldn't be overheard and we could see anyone coming.

I grabbed a good handful of Reneé's hair and tugged her head down toward mine, causing her to whine again.

"Are you Jerry's slave?" I asked softly, voice low, almost whispering in her ear.

"Yes," she whimpered.

"I thought so, because you certainly orgasmed like a slave slut when he punished and fucked you last night. Are you Janet's friend?"

Reneé glanced at Janet, then dropped her eyes. "Yes. I'd like to think so."

"When you explored an aspect of your sexuality on Memorial Day, did everyone immediately start treating you like a slave until you decided you wanted to be one?" I growled in her ear. 

"No."

"Even your boss, Gwen, who witnessed your whorish behavior; did she treat you like a whore, slut slave?"

"No."

"So what you're saying is, you were treated like another normal human being until you asked to be a slave slut; is that right?" I pulled on her hair a little harder.

"Yes, that's right," Reneé whimpered.

"Then what right do you have to treat your friend like your bitch for what happened last night?"

She looked at Janet again. "None."

"Then I suggest you get on your knees, like a proper slave, apologize and beg for her forgiveness." I released her hair.

Reneé knelt on the floor, slave position, knees spread, hands behind her neck, breasts thrust out, nipples hard and prominent, her sex already starting to leak her fluids merely from her position. She was a slave. 

"I'm sorry, Janet. It was so wrong of me to treat you the way I did. Please accept my apologies and forgive me for my behavior."

Janet didn't forgive her right away, for which I give her credit. She made her wait for half a minute or so, the seconds ticking off, a wet spot starting to form at her crotch, different from the sweat.

"I forgive you," she said.

"Get back to class. Slaves don't have slaves. Janet, please wait here for a moment so we can speak."

Reneé left, Janet stayed. She thanked me when she was alone.

I waved off her thanks and hugged her.

"I'm sure you're quite confused by what happened yesterday. It's understandable. I assume you've never seen anything like it before?" A question.

"No." She shook her head.

"And you were aroused by what you saw?"

"Wasn't it obvious. I masturbated as I watched."

I laughed. "Well the room was permeated with the smell of slaves in heat. I'm not totally surprised. The pheromones themselves would have made me horny if I were blindfolded."

Janet gave me a weak laugh.

"Confusion is understandable. It's possible you're at least a tiny bit submissive. It might be why you stayed in an abusive relationship with an asshole for three years. But there's one thing you should know and understand completely; you're true Master; the one you want to hang onto for the rest of your life, won't abuse you. He'll cherish you for the gem you are. You'll be his most precious possession. The ones who won't aren't worth your time and effort."

"I don't understand. You're paddled and whipped. Doesn't your Master abuse you?"

"I choose to be paddled and whipped. I allow myself to be treated thus. It's not forced on me. I know my Master won't ever do anything to truly harm me. He loves and adores his slaves. I love and adore him, as well as my sister slave. No one forced this on me. I chose it. I can unchoose it at any time I wish, though I can't imagine choosing to be without him and Lisa. Don't let whatever happened to you before, including last night, determine your life. Choose what you want for yourself. Don't have it thrust upon you." She nodded. "I have a favor to ask."

"What?"

"Master is still unsure how his friends will view me after Memorial Day. Whether they will see me as the slave I was that day, or the one I am today; his slave only. He prefers I not go to the poker game yet until it's been settled in everyone's mind I'm not available as a plaything anymore. Rather than be alone tomorrow; why don't you come over and exercise with me as you did last night, and afterward, we can talk about what happened and how you're feeling. Next Thursday, the poker game is at my house and Master will be away. If we could go to the gym after you're off work and I could come to your house after until the poker game breaks up, I'd very much appreciate it."

"That sounds wonderful."

"I'll see you tomorrow then. Let's get back to class." She nodded again.

I took her hand and led her back to class as if nothing had happened. Reneé looked up as we walked in, looking guilty as sin. Janet smiled at her to let her know she was truly forgiven and Reneé smiled back in relief. The rest of our exercise went by without incident. 

"Reneé's attitude was certainly different after your little chat. Janet's too," Lisa said.

"I merely made it clear that slaves don't have slaves and Janet can choose what she wants in her life. She's going to come over tomorrow while you're playing poker so we can talk some more."

Master fucked us both to several satisfying orgasms before we went to sleep. It still seemed as if I got one more than Lisa, but neither of them seemed to think so. I wasn't told to lick her to another before we nodded off. I needed to keep better track somehow.

******

Today, I watched Lisa measure and cut the remainder of the wood for the two bed frames. She was careful and accurate. Then we carried everything down to the basement. By then, it was time to eat lunch, followed by sanding. By the time Master came home, we were cleaned up and dressed, Lisa for poker, me for exercise. Master and Lisa left before Janet arrived. 

"Hi," I greeted her warmly, as an old friend, "come on in. The others have already left. The yoga mats are by the pool again, waiting for us. Have you eaten yet? I've got some salad if you haven't."

"I grabbed a bite on the way over."

"Wonderful. We can have a glass of wine after while we talk. For now, let's get started." I led her to the pool.

We went out on the patio. Janet hesitated before we started. 

"If you'd like to exercise naked, it would be okay with me," she said, shyly.

I laughed. "Why? Do you want to?"

"I'm ashamed of my body. I wouldn't want to show it to anyone."

"Nonsense," I said. "You've got, at most, a few extra pounds. You look lovely. Chen thinks you're hot, and I admit if you were naked, I'd probably want to fuck you myself, but I don't have permission. Why don't we both stay dressed for now. I don't want you to feel uncomfortable in my home."

"Are you bisexual?" Janet asked.

"I never used to think so. I suppose I must be, though. I definitely prefer a nice hard cock, but I've come to appreciate a woman's softness and curves. It might be more a need for sex than a predisposition towards bisexuality. Master can't be hard all the time and I need to cum often as a byproduct of my slavery."

Janet laughed. "It surely seemed so for the other slaves Tuesday night. What's the most you've ever climaxed in a day?"

"I don't know. I lost count sometime after thirty."

"Thirty! Thirty orgasms in one day?"

"Now you can understand why I enjoy my slavery so much. When Lisa and Reneé were punished, I envied them. I didn't get fucked until we went upstairs. I was dripping wet and climaxed the instant Master shoved his prick into my pussy."

We let the conversation die because I worked her hard, until she was breathing hard and drenched with sweat. The pool would feel marvelous when we were done. It did. We swam laps for an hour. When we finished, we were both exhausted. I fired up the hot tub and invited Janet to take a seat while I got her some wine. I had to be satisfied with iced tea. I returned, handed her a glass and sank in a lounge beside her.

"I wish I could get in the hot tub, but the doctor doesn't recommend it while I'm pregnant."

"You have a lovely home," Janet said. "Thank you for inviting me."

"It's been my pleasure," I replied. "You're a lovely guest and I enjoy your company. The home was probably more than we could afford at the time, but it cost less than it was worth because Master built it. It's what made him decide to become a general contractor instead of just a carpentry contractor. He realized he could give people good value for their money and still make lots of money doing it. Jerry's been with him for many years and Master wants to sell him part of the company. He's been working with Chen for at least five, as he appreciates hard work and integrity. You haven't met the rest of our friends yet. They'll probably seem as odd as we do. I know it hasn't been long, but how's your diet and exercise plan going so far?"

"Fairly well. I've lost two pounds so far this week as of this morning. I'd like to lose seven more and tone up, then maintain."

"You'll look spectacular if you do."

"Thanks."

We sat in companionable silence for a bit, taking an occasional sip of our respective beverages.

"What made you decide to become a sex slave?" Janet asked, breaking the silence.

I smiled at her. "Are you wondering if you're a sex slave as well?"

"Maybe. Shit! I don't know."

I squeezed her hand a moment

"Well, for me, I was reading a lot of romance novels involving sex slavery and reverse harem stories. They appealed to me for some reason. Master found me reading them, wondered at my enjoyment of them and read a few. It made him realize that some of my sexual fantasies extended to being a sex slave and he offered me the opportunity to try it for myself. I knew that fantasy is often different than reality, but the very idea of submitting made me wetter than a swamp and increased my enjoyment of sex five fold. He offered to allow me the experience for three weeks to see if the reality lived up to the fantasy. It took me a while before I could accept. I was scared, afraid of being a sex slave for three weeks since Master suggested he might share me with others and I worried about the danger it posed to my marriage if he did. He was reading more into the reverse harem novels than I ever did. He believed I wanted to be used by more than one person. I'll admit to you, I did enjoy it. There were times when I had a cock in my cunt, one in my ass and one in my mouth and it was exciting; but it wasn't the reason I wanted to submit. I'm a submissive. I wanted to submit because I am a submissive. I would have been just as happy submitting to Master, but he didn't know, so he offered me to others as part of our experiment, both men and women.

"The major reason I was afraid of accepting his offer wasn't the thought of being shared, it was fear of liking it too much I couldn't go back to my old life. But the impulse to submit was so strong, I had to try it. When I found out I was pregnant, I thought it was now or never, so I agreed to sex slavery for three weeks. I was right to fear liking it too much. I loved it. I loved everything about it. I was devastated when Master wanted to go back to our old life, though I was willing to do so. Fortunately, we knew some people who convinced Master I didn't need to be shared with others, so we could continue our relationship as Master and submissive."

"When did this happen? How long ago?"

"A little over two weeks before Memorial Day."

"That's not much less than two months. How did Lisa become involved?"

"She was my next door neighbor and best friend and at one of Master's poker games, she witnessed me punished by Master and orally serving the men playing and her. Much as you were intrigued by what you witnessed on Tuesday, she was fascinated by what she observed me doing. In addition to seeing my subservience, I'd told her how happy I was, and how great the sex was. She'd been divorced and unhappy with her lot in life. When she saw how rapturous I was, she asked if she could join us as another submissive. Given how happy I was and how unhappy she was and that she was my friend, I invited her to join us. It's worked out well for us. I couldn't be happier. Now let me ask a few questions. First of all, before we even discuss your own personal involvement; did you like what you saw on Tuesday?" 

"I was aroused, self evident I'm sure. I'm unsure if I liked it. I'm still sorting through my feelings on the matter. Part of my confusion is I don't think I should like it. That it was wrong and I'm a bad person for even thinking I liked it. Two women were spanked with a paddle and whipped. Isn't that wrong by definition?"

"It certainly would be if said women weren't willing participants in the matter," I admitted, "but they were. So why do you feel it was wrong?"

"It almost feels as though the men are taking advantage of a mental illness of the women. They can't possibly want what they were doing to them if they aren't sick, therefore, their consent isn't really voluntary, like raping a roofied woman. Just because she can't protest and might even have enjoyed it in a drug induced haze, doesn't mean it was voluntary and not rape."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 6|
--------------------------------------------
"What you're saying is, submissiveness could be a disease."

"Maybe not a disease, per se, but a character flaw dominant men are taking advantage of."

"How long have you and Reneé been friends?"

"About three years."

"In those three years, did she strike you as being mentally ill. Any visible signs of it before she became a sex slave?"

"No. None until now."

"You haven't known Lisa or I for as long, but do either of us strike you as mentally deranged or ill?"

"Except for the fact you enjoy being spanked or whipped, no."

"Don't forget, we also enjoy fucking. Lots of fucking. Fucking our Master and each other. Does that make us nymphomaniacs?"

"It's my understanding, nymphomaniacs have uncontrollable urges towards sex. While you both have strong sexual urges, you seem to have control over them. Your fucking isn't indiscriminate. Mostly, it seems confined to your relationship."

"It's actually very controlled, in the sense it's totally under Master's control. Neither of us are allowed to orgasm without permission. So I would agree we're not nympho's, which strikes me as a term men invented to label women who like to fuck as much as they do. Kind of a double standard. So, you're unsure if you should like what you witnessed, slaves being punished and fucked, because society kind of says it's a big no-no."

"Yes."

"And what about yourself on Tuesday. Did you like being punished and made to cum?"

Janet was silent.

"Let me get you some more wine while you think about that."

I stuck out my hand and waited for her to give me her glass. She passed it to me and I went inside and poured another half glass, handing it to her when I returned. I sat down and waited. She drank a third of the glass quickly.

"Be honest, Janet. I'm not asking you to rob a bank. Did you enjoy it when you were punished and made to cum?"

"Yes," she whispered, so quietly I could scarce hear her. "Doesn't that make me as sick as you are?"

"Well, I don't think I'm sick, and I wouldn't even say you're like me quite yet. You witnessed something you'd never seen before. It aroused you and you wanted to see what it was like and you maybe didn't hate it as much as you think you should. Actually, I consider the fact you stayed in a verbally and emotionally abusive relationship with a man for over three years to be the sicker than a physical spanking and some sex with a person you like and trust. My personal opinion and maybe I'm the odd one here. Let's put it aside for the moment. Had you ever had sex with a woman before?"

"Never."

"Do you think lesbians or bisexuals are sick?"

"No. Otherwise I guess I couldn't have been friends with Reneé in the first place."

"So the sex wasn't an unnatural act on your part, only being aroused by witnessing what happened and not hating it so much when it happened to you."

"Unnatural for me because I'd never done it with a woman before, but yes; I agree with your assessment."

"Let's examine the spanking business for a second then. Was being struck, spanked and paddled; was it brutal? Did you fear for your life? Did you think you'd be permanently scarred or even horribly bruised by what happened?"

"Never. I trusted Reneé not to hurt me too badly."

"Which is why she was the perfect person to do it, unlike either of the other slaves, or the men, none of whom you know except marginally and mostly through your trust of Reneé. If anyone else had spanked you, I would think of it as more sick than Reneé doing it because you wouldn't know if you could trust us. We could have, might have, hurt you and you couldn't have known you were safe. That would mean you were more of a masochist who wanted people to give you pain, regardless. And it would have been worse yet if we were total strangers, but you'd already seen two women punished, and not only did they seem to enjoy it more than they should, they were receiving lots of pleasure from the experience, so if they were any indication of what you could expect, you'd receive pleasure too. That's not insane thinking to my mind." 

"Isn't it wrong to enjoy pain?"

"Is it wrong to enjoy childbirth? Women have more than one child. Shouldn't the pain of the first have killed their desire to have more? Why continue to have children when it's painful?"

She was silent, thinking. "Because you need to propagate the species."

"If you had one, you propagated your species and your DNA. Your job is over."

"Then because the joy of having children is more than the pain of childbirth."

"I would argue that the pain of Lisa's spanking or whipping yesterday was far below what she might expect in childbirth, and the enjoyment and pleasure she received during and after it, far exceeded any pain she might have felt. The same happened to you. I would argue that you think you should hate it, but didn't because the pain was minimal compared to the pleasure you had."

"Then you think I'm a submissive like you, Lisa and Reneé?"

"I don't know that and neither to do you, yet. You certainly have submissive traits, but enjoying something once is a far cry from wanting something all the time. I know I'm submissive because I love every part of my submission, not just a spanking, or the sex, but being fully responsible for the satisfaction of my Master in whatever way he desires. I don't know if that describes you. You might enjoy some submissive activities without being a sex slave like Lisa or I. Lot's of people do. More than you think. It's not wrong, and I refuse to label it as such. Don't stress your confusion. Don't think you're evil or mentally ill because you enjoyed something."

"How do you justify what you are and what you do?" Janet asked.

"I don't feel I have to justify anything to anyone except Lisa and my Master. They're the only ones I need to please or justify anything to. Even our parents. It's my life, not theirs. If I'm happy and not hurting anyone, how am I so bad? I wish everyone could know the love I feel for them and I feel from them. It's the most marvelous feeling in the world."

"You're a sex slave. Do you feel proud telling other people you're a sex slave?"

"It's not all that I am. I'm an entrepreneur, a wife, soon to be a mother. I'm proud telling the ones I care about. The ones who love me don't care how I describe myself. They only care how I treat them and others and if I'm happy. I don't give a shit what other people think of me." I paused a moment, gathering my thoughts. "Being a sex slave released the slut in me. It's like the slut was there from the beginning and my slavery peeled back the other layers of myself which I used to hide from the world. The real me is visible now, to anyone who wants to see. I revel in my sexuality, my womanhood, my desire to serve my Master. I'm a slave slut and I'll never return to what I was before. I'm my Master's sex slave and all I am is all I want to be. A lover of two beautiful, wonderful people, a mother, a friend to those who deserve my friendship. No matter what label you put on it, I'm not a bad nor evil person."

Janet nodded thoughtfully.

"I'm supposed to go on a date with Chen tomorrow night and I feel guilty because I practically accused him of wanting to turn me into a sex slave like you, then I went ahead and did the stuff on Tuesday night, punished by and having sex with another woman. He's going to think 'What the Fuck!' Assume I'm depraved or something; not even interested in men or him. I like him. I don't want him to think I'm some kind of monster. I feel like I should tell him, but don't want to."

"Dishonesty is a very poor way to start a relationship. Chen was right. We are who we are and we can't expect other people to be who we want them to be. We can only accept them as they are. You should tell him. Right now, it doesn't mean that much. It's not like you were in a committed relationship. You'd been exposed to his weird friends who think this sex slavery shit is okay. You were curious what it was like and you tried a few things with a girlfriend you trusted. It doesn't mean you don't like men, or him, or you want to be with girls now or even that you're a sick, twisted sex slave like we are. As far as I can tell, most men don't care as much about you having sex with other women as much as other men. In my experience, those of my Master's acquaintance all thought it was pretty hot watching two women have sex, including Chen. His primary regret might be not having witnessed it himself. If he can't accept this part of yourself you're revealing to him, isn't it best to know right from the start?"

"But it may not even be me."

"Still, you were curious about it, so it's a little bit you. He participated in group sex with a bunch of people on Memorial Day, including me. You were willing to give him the benefit of the doubt and go out with him. Shouldn't he be allowed the same benefit of the doubt about you?"

"What if he doesn't want to give me the benefit of the doubt?"

"I don't believe that's Chen, but if he doesn't; screw him. He's not worth the effort of getting to know him further. I would have a great deal less respect for him than I do now if he won't or can't. You didn't even get naked in front of the other men. Stress the positive aspects of what happened; how it might be easier to accept his friends knowing a little bit about their beliefs and practices. You needed to see what the fuss was all about so you could make an informed decision without judging people."

"Do you think he's being honest if he says he's not interested in my being his sex slave?"

"He hasn't shown exclusively dominant traits. I'd say he was more going along with the crowd for the sex. He may not be interested in turning you into a sex slave, but he might not reject it should you choose to be one. On the other hand, he may not want to be a dominant, and not desire a true submissive, but it doesn't mean he's automatically going to reject any submissive traits you exhibit. These are things you need to work out with each other. My having an opinion on it one way or the other, means nothing to anyone. My advice is to tell him and let the chips fall where they may. In any event, you'll always have friends in Lisa and I. We like you."

Janet laughed. "I guess that's something. I'll be able to keep my workout buddies. I suppose I should tell you I won't be working out tomorrow unless I tell him and he throws me out."

"I doubt it will happen and in the event it doesn't, dancing is good exercise. I have it on good authority, so is kissing and fucking, so good luck on your weight loss program." I raised my glass. "To workout buddies."

She smiled and raised hers. "To workout buddies, whoever they are."

Master and Lisa arrived soon after. I was surprised it was so late. We'd talked a lot about what happened. Hopefully, she was a lot less confused about her feelings and felt better about what happened than she had before. She hugged both Lisa and I before she left and shook Master's hand.

"You have very beautiful and intelligent slaves. You're a lucky man."

Master smiled at her. "Don't I know it."

Unfortunately, it was late when she left, but not so late, Master didn't fuck his slaves thoroughly before going to sleep. He let Lisa and I pleasure one another twice more. Fuck I needed it, horny slave slut that I was.

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 27|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-27|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<i>Julia and Lisa prepare for their Master's absence. Janet wishes to learn more about herself. Scott goes to LA for the week, receives a nice surprise. This chapter contains oral and anal sex, lesbian sex, forced orgasms, bondage and good old fucking. STD's are not an issue in this fantasy.</i>

<b>Ch 27 - Missing Master, Pt 1</b>

JULIA

Lisa claimed Master's reward Friday morning. Again, I had to kiss her and taste his cum before she swallowed. What a change from before my slavery. It was like nectar to me now. 

After Master left, Lisa and I worked on the bed frames. We were progressing well, and as we worked, we talked.

"When are you going to contact Zoe?" Lisa asked.

"When we break for lunch," I replied. "How was the poker game last night?"

"Good. Regina won the big money, but without a slave to win, she seems bored with it. Everyone was generally on their best behavior. I received the usual double entendres, but no worse than I'm used to. Reneé was treated fine by everyone. A few people patted her ass as they were served, but no more liberties were taken above that. Jerry never had to speak to anyone. Naturally, being made to serve naked had Reneé in a sexual dither. I could smell her across the room. She's quite the slave meat. How was your meeting with Janet?"

"It went well. I believe she felt better when she left than she did when she arrived. I recommended she come clean with Chen about Tuesday night. I think she will."

"How do you think Chen will deal with it?"

"I suspect okay. He was the one who said you must learn to deal with people as they are, not try to change them. Obviously, Tuesday was at least a small part of who Janet is. The only one she fucked was Reneé. No one in our acquaintance seemed put off by two women having sex together. Hell, Chen even let Ron suck him off because he was curious. It shouldn't be a fucking big deal to him."

"I suppose you're right. Do you think she's a sex slave?"

"I don't know yet. She has submissive tendencies, but she's coming from a bad relationship which shattered the trust she feels towards men. It's hard to be a sex slave without trust. She might trust women more, but she's likely not really interested in women, or she'd have expressed her interest before Tuesday. She could end up doing submissive things with the right person, but it may be a while before she's a true submissive."

And so the morning went. We were working like a team and getting things done. We stopped for lunch, a big one as we'd eat lightly tonight and while Lisa prepared something to put in the oven for supper, I called Zoe.

Apparently Zoe didn't have my cell phone number in her phone, because she didn't know who was calling.

"Hello?"

"It's Julia Rivers, Zoe."

"Julia, I'm pleased to hear from you. I'm so sorry you can't come with Scott when he stays here. We could have had a good time while he was in class and I still haven't tasted your sister slave yet. Does she taste as good as she looks?"

"Much better, if I'm being honest."

"What can I do for you?"

"We'd like to arrange for a slave to take care of Master if we could."

"What a loving, caring slave you are to want your Master served in your absence. You do know we're all lesbian here, right?"

"We know you are, yes. But some of the women were trying to have children and Master would make an excellent father. He's tall, handsome, intelligent. Plus, I thought, perhaps since you'd had sex with him before, you wouldn't find it totally repugnant to have sex with him again. It wouldn't have to be every night. A few times perhaps to take the edge off."

Zoe laughed. "For you, I'd probably do it. You're right. He's a handsome hunk and it wouldn't kill me to fuck him again. He can't even make me pregnant. I don't think any of the others seeking a child will be going through a fertile period while he's here, and thy tend to only want to accept man meat when they are."

"We met a girl at the pool. I think her name was Dawn. Anyway, bisexual as opposed to pure lesbian. Perhaps she'd like a good prick as a change of pace. Perhaps you could check with her."

"Yes, Chantelle's replacement. She does like cock. Mistress is somewhat leery of letting bisexuals play with cocks too much since Sam stole Chantelle from her. Your Master isn't ready to add a third slave to your triumvirate is he?"

"He says the two of us are more than he can handle so I doubt it, but he fell in love with Lisa, so who knows. I never thought I'd fall in love with Lisa either. Good friends only."

"Perhaps if she doesn't spend consecutive nights with him, Mistress might consider allowing Scott to fuck her. Perhaps we can alternate, but I'm really starting to show now. Maybe Scott won't be interested in fucking me."

I laughed. "I'm showing as well and it hasn't seemed to affect his desire to fuck in the slightest, if last night's any indication."

"You'll owe me if I fuck your husband."

"I'm good for it. I'd rather owe you all of my life than try to cheat you out of it," I said, laughing. "I enjoyed the last time we were together."

"You and Lisa both, since I'm doing it for her too," Zoe said, laughing some more.

"I'm sure something satisfactory can be arranged. If Dawn is a satisfactory bedmate, perhaps she can play with Master while the rest of us share a bed."

"You might owe Mistress as well."

"Perhaps the four of us then. Her bed is big enough."

"Yes, it is. I'll add your phone number to my contacts and text you her response to your request."

"Thank you, Zoe. I appreciate it."

I hung up. Lisa said, "It sounds as if you were successful in arranging sexual companionship for Master?"

"If her Mistress approves."

"There's to be some quid pro quo involved?"

"Yes, she said she'd like to spend time with both of us in exchange, and her Mistress may need to be repaid as well. Brianna is reluctant sharing her bisexual slaves with cocks after losing Chantelle to Sam."

"When are you going to tell Master?"

"Not until I know for sure and it might be a nice surprise for him if I say nothing at all."

"He might be reluctant to accept unless he knows we're both on board. Master is quite honorable in regards to our feelings."

"We'll make sure he knows the slave comes with our full support. Zoe can inform him and he can call us if he wants confirmation."

"That would make a fabulous surprise, a naked slave girl slipping into his bed."

I laughed. "He might need to know before she slips into his bed. He might think it's a burglar and strangle the poor girl. I'm sure Zoe can handle it appropriately."

We got back to work on the bed frame. It appeared we would have the first one done before Master came back from LA. Too bad it wouldn't be before. We'd have to make a special trip down there to deliver it. Since we'd have two, we'd probably wait until both were done. At least it would provide us the opportunity to repay any favors we owed.

******

SCOTT

I almost wished I'd taken the day off today. Leaving my two slaves for a week would be hard. Then there was exercise class tonight, so I'd not get to fuck them until they came home. I would certainly spend as much time fucking as I could on Saturday and Sunday before I had to leave. I was used to sex now, and lots of it. It was amazing how much you could have sex when you were having sex frequently. It's as if your body jacked up the hormones or chemicals it required for erections because you needed them more. I'd gone from having orgasms two or three times per week pre slavery, to two, three or four times daily post slavery, and if I had my way, it would be six or seven tomorrow, and maybe four more times Sunday. I hope my cock would be up for it, pun intended. 

Jerry informed me he found a General Contracting class which ran from four to nine each weeknight. He would be starting after I got back from LA, so I guess Reneé's exercising with my slaves was safe for now. I admit I missed not having them the whole evening either. I'd practically stopped watching TV except when I was teasing them. Sex was our usual agenda anymore. One thing about female slaves is their needs were quite pronounced. Both of them wanted to fuck often. If I didn't let them pleasure each other part of the time, I'm sure my dick would fall off from overuse. It was a great problem to have. 

When I came home, I realized they were feeling the same sense of loss from my pending trip as they were. I don't remember a blow job so lovingly given. They had me lie down on the bed and while one of them laved my ball sack, the other caressed my cock so beautifully with their mouths, I almost didn't want to cum. Switching back and forth, each of them exhibited extraordinary care and attention to my shaft and when Julia accepted my seed, it seemed she drank the nectar of the gods she swallowed so eagerly. To top it off, the last few drops collected on her tongue, she dripped into Lisa's waiting mouth, sharing it with her. I wanted to fuck someone immediately, but they had to leave.

"Your supper's in the oven on warm, Master," Lisa said after swallowing her share. "We'll see you later."

"God, I want to fuck one of you right now," I growled hoarsely.

"Save that thought, sir," Julia said. "We'll eagerly accept whatever you wish to give us when we get home. We cleansed our asses for you when we cleaned up after work. We'll do it again tomorrow morning. You may have your slaves in whatever manner you choose to have them tomorrow."

I attempted to grab one of them to plunge my cock into a tight ass, if even for a moment, but they deftly dodged. Of course I could have ordered one to comply, but I wasn't ready to be that bastard just yet. Later tonight would come soon enough. It was just three hours until they returned. It would give me more time to recuperate. So I lay there on the bed watching them don their exercise clothes, my cock hard again. After they left, I got up and ate, then worked on the plans for bed frames for different sized mattresses. I was incorrect on my estimation of the St. Andrews cross attachment. It fit under a double bed as well, though just barely. As I doubted any Master's with slaves would much care to sleep on anything smaller than a double bed, that shouldn't be an issue. 

I checked on the progress they'd made on the new bed frame and it was in an advanced state of construction. It wouldn't be ready before I left, but it might be before I returned. They were becoming quite accomplished carpenters. The advancements in power tools certainly had helped females to work wood. Axes, hand saws and drills, regular screwdrivers and wrenches might have required more brawn, but if you could hold a power tool, you could do anything now. It wasn't as if they weren't both in prime physical condition either. They both worked hard enough at it. That reminded me. I should speak to Mistress Dark and tell her about the new bondage pieces we were making.

"Good evening, Master Scott," Rose answered. "How may I help you?"

"Good evening, Rose. How are you?"

"Very well, sir."

"Is your Mistress available?"

"Of course, sir. Give me a moment and I'll put her on."

"Thank you."

The phone went silent as she put me on mute and a minute later, MD picked up.

"Good evening, Scott. What's up?"

"I've developed a new bondage bed frame which will work on bed sizes from double to Alaskan King. We're looking to build more and sell them and I wanted to see if you still wanted to do business with us?"

"Of course. Do you have pictures?"

"I do have some, taken when I sent them to Mistress Brianna. She ordered one for $10,000."

"That seems steep."

"It's for a nine by nine mattress. I'm thinking maybe eight or eight and a half for a King or California King. Seven or seven five for Queen. A little less for a double, though most people don't do doubles anymore."

"Text me some pictures and let me take a look at them."

"One moment, they'll be on their way."

I picked four of the photos which showed Julia displayed on various bondage points. I waited a few minutes.

"Well, what do you think?"

"Fucking exquisite," she said. "It's making me so fucking aroused just looking at the goddamn pictures. Rose, honey, start licking my cunt, dear." I heard a couple low moans as Rose settled into her task. "Would you make me a King sized at your price less my 30% commission?"

"Of course."

"This will be a big seller, no question. By the way, I believe your other piece sold. I'm just waiting for the check to clear."

"How much?" I asked.

"Five."

"You sold it used, right?"

"Lightly used. It's still in pristine condition. I probably have two more orders for them as well, as soon as you can get them to me."

"Shit. You know, if these become higher volume pieces, we'll probably have to start our own website and shipping rather than go through you, no offense."

"None taken, though I shall miss doing business with you. It would be the smart thing to do, business wise. I never mind people doing what's good for business. I'll take what I can get while I can get it. Can I use these pictures in my on-line catalog." 

Mistress Dark started moaning and I assume it meant Rose was successful in giving her an orgasm. I waited until her breathing seemed more normal before continuing.

"I'd prefer my naked wife not become a permanent fixture on the internet. I'll be happy to take pictures of your slaves in their place if you want models for the pieces."

"It will make them sell much better. Look at me. Instantly horny. I'll send them both on Monday if that's all right."

"I'll be out of town on Monday, but my slaves can handle the task."

"May I tell my slaves they may enjoy the favors of yours when they come."

"Two orgasms apiece for each of them from each of mine," I replied.

"It's a shame I can't come myself," Mistress Dark laughed. "I have prior business scheduled. I'll send you a check for the piece after the check clears unless you'd like to pick it up yourself."

"No, I trust the mail system that much, at least."

"You should set up a business account. I could deposit the money electronically."

"Have to think up a name for the business, but thanks, that's an excellent idea."

"We'll talk to you later. I'll let you know when your bed frame is done."

"Goodbye, Scott."

So my slaves now had three more pieces to make, and MD thought the beds would sell like crazy. They might need the extra help sooner than I thought, and I wasn't sure we could keep building things in my basement if they needed mass production. Maybe Chen would be open to leaving his garage available to my slaves. God, if Janet joined their workforce, they could go back to exercising in the morning and give me the evenings to fuck my slaves. It would make Jerry plenty happy as well. 

I wondered how Chen's date with Janet was going, anyway?

******

I already had an erection before I heard the girls come in. Fucking slaves telling me they'd cleansed their asses earlier, then leaving me to work out. I'd be working out their lovely bums in no time. They were naked before they walked through the bedroom door, probably suspicious they'd left me in a state before they left. So I was. Wrapping both of them in my arms, I kissed them both, their hungry mouths searching for mine. 

Breathless, Julia said, "Would you like us to shower, or would you like to fuck us as is, hot and sweaty?"

"Hot and sweaty works for me," I growled, hauling them to the bed.

They both laughed merrily. "I told you he'd be ready to fuck," Lisa said.

Julia got on the bed, the modified slave position with her ass up, her head down and her arms stretched out in front of her. "Which hole do you desire, Master? All of them are open for business."

In answer, I got behind her and slid into the humid wetness of her cunt, making her gasp in pleasure. I enjoyed fucking her pretty pussy only long enough to make her cum and lubricate my cock, then switched to the other hole so enticingly arrayed for my viewing pleasure. She gasped more sharply when I plunged up her rectum. Not to be left out of things, Lisa weaseled between our legs and alternately licked Julia's cunt and sucked my ball sack. Fuck. She was going to make me cum faster than I'd planned, but I was sure she planned on sucking me to hardness again as soon as I emptied myself in Julia's ass. Whatever she was doing to my balls, she was doing one better to Julia's cunt. Julia climaxed again, and that one barely died and she spasmed again, squeezing delightfully on my cock. As soon as she did, Lisa switched back to my sack and with a deep groan, I exploded into Julia's bottom, spewing an evening's worth of anticipation far up her fundament. 

As soon as Julia collapsed forward on the bed, my cock falling out of her puckered star, Lisa had her lips around it sucking up a storm. She gathered the last few drops of my cum from my shaft and kept me hard enough to use it again. Planting herself in Julia's place, she waggled her ass and looking back provocatively, said, "My turn, Master." My cock still glistening from her saliva, I easily pushed into her back door, eliciting an enticing moan. 

I knew my slaves alway preferred to be the second one, as I always lasted longer the second time than I did the first. This would be no exception. I settled in for the long haul, slow deep strokes through the tight ring of her anus. Julia had switched as well. She was now burrowed between our legs making magic upon Lisa's pussy while caressing my balls. Lisa moaned through one orgasm, then a second, followed by a third, almost screaming her pleasure. I was still going strong. 

"Heaven's, sir. Fuck me, fuck me hard. Claim my ass as yours. It feels so fucking good," Lisa moaned, cumming a fourth time as I pounded her. 

Julia was clutching Lisa's ass, holding her head up so she could lick the soaking slit I was ignoring. Lisa climaxed a fifth time before I spewed another stream of white goo up Lisa's buttocks. I pulled out, drained, my cock dripping cum. A pair of lips wrapped around them gently sucking, cleaning, urging another erection from me. It felt good, despite the sensitivity it felt from sliding through two tight anal rings a hundred times and cumming. 

"I don't think you'll urge me to another one," I said. "I believe I'm done for the night."

She grinned at me from between Lisa's legs. "I could suck harder, sir." She proceeded to demonstrate, making me groan, half in pleasure, half in pain.

"When they find my withered pecker lying on the ground, my wrinkled, shrunken body beside it, the coroner will conclude I've had the life sucked out of me."

"Will you have died happy, Master?" Lisa said.

"Very, very happy, slaves."

"Then we'll have done our jobs, sir," Lisa said. 

"Enough, Julia. It's clean. I'm serious. You've drained me dry tonight. Why don't you clean your sister slave? She's as untidy as I was."

She released me. Damned if I wasn't about five minutes away from another hard dick. How could they do that? Without another word, she licked the cum leaking from Lisa's rectum, making my other slave moan in delight. For a couple minutes, Julia worked diligently until there was no evidence this ass had ever been fucked save the smallest of gaps left by my tool plunging hard for many minutes, not yet returned to its original pristine condition. 

"Lisa, you owe Julia three orgasms, and her ass should be cleaned as well."

"Wait just a minute!" Julia said. "I kept goddamn close track this time and I had three orgasms and Lisa had five. She owes me two, not three. Master, you keep better track than that. What the fuck is going on?"

I didn't say anything, suddenly caught in a lie. A good lie, but a lie nonetheless.

"Lisa, you bloody well know what's going on. Spill!" Julia demanded.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
Lisa couldn't ignore Julia the way I could. "Master has asked that you receive one more orgasm than me each day. He wants to ensure you never feel ugly and unloved during your pregnancy. He said he'd return the favor when I was pregnant."

Julia glared at me. "You feel I need mollycoddling because I'm having a baby?"

"You did get become a little unsettled when you noticed your baby bump, feeling fat and unloveable when you saw it. You wailed so loud I'd thought you lost the baby," by way of explanation.

"I'm a new mother. I'm allowed to get a little emotional at times. It doesn't mean I need special treatment. Is that when this whole extra orgasm shit started, sir?" Somehow she made sir sound like a curse word.

"Yes."

"Let's see. Sunday through Friday, five days, less the two you owe me. I owe you three orgasms, Lisa. Equal partners. In everything. I appreciate you don't want me feeling fat and unloved, but just loving me as you do normally should be sufficient for me. Just don't stop loving me less than Lisa and I shall be happy and content, Master." She kissed her sister slave. "Equal in all things, Lisa. Don't ever forget it."

Lisa kissed her back. "I pinky swear. Equal in all things." 

She held out her right hand, the pinky curled and Julia hooked it with her own little finger. 

"I love you," Julia said. 

"I love you," Lisa replied.

So I watched Julia give Lisa three screaming orgasms. She seemed to put extra effort into each one, turning Lisa into a liquid puddle of pleasure. Damned if I didn't get another erection and ended up fucking both their cunts, spilling my seed in Julia. They both got an equal number of orgasms, me giving Julia the tie maker myself with my mouth as I cleaned her up afterward, front and back. 

"By the way, slaves," I said sleepily as we lay together after. "You'll be pleased to know the other used bondage piece sold for five grand and we sold another king sized bed frame to Mistress Dark for $8500 less her normal thirty percent fee. She said she thinks the beds are going to be a monster seller. Plus two of the other bondage pieces. She believes she has buyers for them already. She's sending her slaves on Monday for you to take pictures of them naked for her internet catalog. I didn't want your naked pictures on the web. I promised them two orgasms from each of you when they came."

"Will Mistress Dark be coming as well, sir?" Lisa asked.

"She had a prior commitment."

"Will they be pleasuring us, Master?" Julia asked.

"I don't know what Mistress Dark might give them permission to do. It wasn't discussed."

"We're going to need more help, Master," Julia said. "I'm going to ask Janet if she wants a different job."

"It's your business," I said. "Do what you think best. I was going to ask Chen if we could use his new garage, at least temporarily. I'm not sure we can stuff everything in our garage or basement."

"Why don't you take the finished piece to Brianna's, sir? It would get it out of the basement," Lisa asked. 

"That's a very good idea, slave, except then we wouldn't have a finished piece to take pictures with."

"We'd still have to get the other one to LA," Julia said thoughtfully, "but after we take the photos, we can dismantle it to give us some more room, Master. You'll need to call in the order for the new supplies tomorrow for delivery Monday. Hopefully, Chen won't care, at least until they're ready to close."

"I'll take care of it."

"I can't believe how fast our business is taking off, sir" Lisa said. "This is amazing."

I squeezed them both, pulling them closer. It was a very exhausted trio that went to sleep that night, cuddled closely together.

******

JULIA

All of a sudden, we had three more pieces to build in addition to the bed frames going to Brianna and Sam. Almost two months of work with just Lisa and I, and probably not much less with Reneé when she could start in a week and a half considering her skill level. Even adding Janet wouldn't significantly impact us as she'd likely need to give two weeks notice as well and was also inexperienced. Still having four sets of hands to sand, stain and varnish would be a godsend. 

When I woke up on Saturday morning, Master had already phoned the order for the new supplies. When he saw we were awake, he tied me to the eyebolts in the doorway, spread eagled, with the Slave Trainer on and the orgasm suppressor off. I was coming in minutes, my position and the throbbing vibrations in my cunt doing their usual thorough job. While I wriggled in the doorway, Master made sweet, sweet love to Lisa, letting her suck his cock hard, then licking her cunt and finally plunging his cock into her well prepared cunt. She was cumming as often as I was and even more noisily, her throaty screams overcoming my low moans of pleasure. Of course she was fucking Master and I only had an inanimate fucking toy. I had to admit, watching them fuck was as arousing to me as the Slave Trainer. Master was so hard as he plundered Lisa's pussy to a frothy mess. I wanted nothing more than to lick her clean and suck his cum from her cunt when he spasmed into her pussy. He rested several minutes, relaxing afterward, cuddling Lisa in the afterglow of their fierce fucking, kissing, licking, his cock finally shrinking and plopping from her pussy, a trail of his white goo flowing out of her.

"Let me suck your cum from her, sir," I whimpered, cumming again at the sight.

"They'll be time enough for that," Master replied, getting up from the bed, ordering Lisa to remain there. 

What was he going to do next? I squirmed to think of it. Master got lube, two butt plugs and the other slave trainer. He lubed Lisa's ass and slid one of the butt plugs into her, then put the Slave Trainer on, trapping his cum inside her. Apparently, Master was going to miss us as much as we were going to miss him and he was going to take full advantage of us before he left tomorrow. He didn't usually bother with so much fucking in the morning. My pussy spasmed again, thinking of the long day ahead of us and the fucking to go with it.

Lisa prepared, he came toward me, lube and plug in hand, Lisa following. I orgasmed, watching him, his cock still half flush with blood, waving like a flag with each step. He made Lisa kneel while he lubed my anus, pushing the plug inside when I was properly greased. I climaxed again. I was cumming, as regular as Old Faithful, but a lot more frequent. Master removed the Slave Trainer; made me clean it while I hung in the doorway, thick with my cum. Only after it glistened clean did he untie me, putting Lisa in my place as I knelt beside him, watching her start to squirm as he turned it on, gasping as she orgasmed again. He ordered me to the bed. I nearly creamed again, listening to his low hoarse growl order me there. 

I did cum as soon as his mouth touched my cunt, his tongue sweeping up my liquid folds, melting me. He gave me three more before he ordered me to my knees and plunged deep inside, sliding slickly through the swampy morass of my cunt, cumming again as his cock head spread me, my crotch full of plug and prick. As Lisa watched us, squirming with each fresh orgasm sweeping through her, Master fucked me nice and slow, first tender, then hard, then tender again. I lost track of my orgasms, one following upon another in a long stream, barely distinguishable from each other. I was a puddle before I felt Master pulse and he added his own to mine. He cuddled me, both warm and tender in our post orgasmic bliss. 

"Stay here," he ordered. 

I was glad to comply; my legs rubbery and still quivering. Master got up and released Lisa.

"Now you can lick each other's cunts clean."

I removed her Slave Trainer and licked it clean as I had mine, then we sixty-nined, scrupulously cleaning each other until not a trace of Master's cum could be found anywhere, nor our own, despite cumming several more times as we pleasured one another. When we'd finished, Master was hard again. He removed Lisa's anal plug and replaced it with his hard cock. I was kissing Lisa and playing with her breasts when our doorbell went off.

Master said, "Julia, you're going to need to see who that is. Lisa and I are otherwise occupied. Put on a robe or something." Since he was currently plunging back and forth in her ass, I could understand why he didn't want to be bothered by the door.

I put on a robe and answered the door. It was Chen.

"I was wondering if Lisa could let me into her house so I could take some measurements," he said.

"Lisa is otherwise engaged with our Master," I replied. "I can let you into her house."

Chen nodded. I said, "Let me tell Master where I'm going." He nodded again.

I went back to the bedroom, "Master, it's Chen. He wanted to take some measurements in Lisa's house. I'm going to open it for him."

Master panted, "Go ahead."

I got Lisa's house key and tightened my robe so nothing would fall out of it. Chen was still waiting beside the door. I noted he didn't have a tape measure in his hands, nor did either of his front pants pockets particularly bulge. I suspected he could care less about measuring squat. Nevertheless, I asked him if he had a tape measure.

"Uh, no."

"I'll get one from our garage. Twenty-five foot measure be sufficient?" I asked.

"Yes, thank you."

It was my turn to nod. I went into the garage and got a tape measure, a pad of paper and mechanical pencil. We might as well get measurements while we talked about whatever was bothering him. I kept the pad and pencil and handed him the tape measure and we strolled across our respective driveways to Lisa's house. I let him in, preceding him into the house. 

He started taking measurements, unable to speak about what was bothering hime yet. I wrote down whatever he was measuring. Since he couldn't seem to find his tongue, or didn't know how to start, I started.

"I assume the real reason you're here is to ask about Janet and Tuesday night?"

He stopped measuring.

"Were you there, too?"

"Only Lisa, but I asked her about it after."

"Neither Scott nor Jerry stayed?"

"Jerry went home. Master was fucking me in our bedroom. For whatever it's worth to you, no one but Lisa and Reneé saw her naked. Are you upset about what happened?"

"I don't know. I'm still trying to decipher what it means."

"I'm not sure it means anything except she was curious, Chen. She was exposed to your kinky friends, found out Master was going to teach Jerry how to punish a slave with a paddle and whip by demonstrating on Lisa, and wanted to watch. When it was over, she wanted to see for herself what it would be like to be punished like a slave. Neither Master nor Jerry would do it out of respect for you, nor would Master allow Lisa or I to do it because of the sex involved. We can no longer have sex with anyone but other female slaves. Jerry had no problem with Reneé demonstrating. He gave her an hour to play before she had to come home. Lisa stayed with them to ensure Janet was not overly hurt. I think it was good Reneé was the one to show her. She already is friends with her and trusted her, which is important."

"If she wanted to experience it, doesn't it mean she sees herself as a sex slave?"

I shook my head. "No, Chen. At the current time, it means nothing more than she was curious. Lisa and Reneé both enjoyed their punishments and climaxed several times. She had a hard time understanding how they could climax while being paddled and whipped. She wanted to see for herself. I don't think she's lesbian or even bisexual or else she would have experimented with women before Tuesday. It was merely a part of the submissive experience she was curious about. I do think Janet has some submissive tendencies. To a certain extent, the fact she would remain with an abuser might be a sign of that. As submissive as I am, I don't think I would have, but that's a complex issue and I don't know for sure. There's a lot more to sex slavery than a submissive tendency. She might enjoy some submissive acts if you attempted them, but not necessarily sex slavery. Unless she asks to be made a slave, don't assume she wants to be one. She might be quite upset if you did. She's still working out her own feelings on the matter. I hope you didn't respond negatively when she told you?"

"I don't think I did. It might have changed the tenor of the evening a little, but I still asked her out again tonight. We had a good time at dinner and dancing afterward. We kissed once when I dropped her off at her door. I didn't push for more. I still think of myself as a gentleman."

"Good job. Let her work out her own feelings about submission. She'll let you know if she'd like to explore anymore. There has to be a level of trust before she'd consider working them out with you. Trust comes from time and your behavior the rest of the time. Be your normal self and you'll figure it out together."

"Thank you."

He handed me the tape measure. 

"Don't you want to take any more measurements?" I asked.

"No. It was just an excuse to come over. She told me Lisa was the only one who watched and I thought she was the only one who could tell me what I needed to know."

"I observed some odd behavior on Wednesday and asked her over on Thursday to talk about it."

"What behavior?"

"Reneé was kind of bossing her around. Janet was still in a state of confusion about her feelings. I put an end to it. Janet needs to decide for herself what she wants out of life, not let it be decided for her."

"You're right."

"I need Janet's phone number. Can you give it to me?"

"Why?" Not hostile, just curious. 

"I want to offer her employment. Lisa's and my new business is taking off and we need new workers quickly. We've got five new orders and it's going to get tougher on me the bigger I get. Also, Master wanted to know if it would be all right with you if we used your garage, at least until you close. Ours is filled with stuff we need to sell at a garage sale, and supplies for two of our bed frames. We haven't had time for a garage sale since we moved Lisa's stuff over. We'll get three more orders delivered on Monday. We need space."

"No. I don't have a problem with using the garage for now, though I'd like to park my truck in it when I move in. Let me know when you have the garage sale. I have some stuff I'd like to add to it."

"Of course. Probably three weeks, but don't hold me to that."

He gave me Janet's number.

"I'll call her tomorrow," I said, "after Master's left for LA."

"Why's he going to LA?"

"Continuing education credits. He'll be gone Sunday evening until Friday night."

"Right, yeah, I probably need more too. Call me if you need help with anything while he's gone."

"Thank you, Chen." I handed him the measurements we had taken. "Just in case you find use for them."

He laughed, and folded it and stuffed it in a pocket.

"Thanks, Julia. You've been a big help."

"Always happy to be of service."

I locked up and walked back to our house. Master and Lisa were in the shower. I needed one too, plus I was starving. I still hadn't eaten today. I hoped they'd had another good fuck.

I thought about getting in there with them, but two was about the limit of our shower. Three was pushing it hard unless you didn't mind bumping into one another constantly. I did take off my robe while I waited. No point in keeping clothes on, not even a bathrobe. Master owed me an ass fucking, and I meant to have it, sooner rather than later.

Master and Lisa were canoodling in the shower some as they washed, so it took longer than it might have. I definitely heard the sounds of her screaming orgasm at least once as I sat on the bed waiting. They finally came out, Master with a towel around his waist, Lisa with one around her hair.

"I sure hope you're both as hungry as I am. I'll kill the horse myself, Master," I said.

"Did Chen get what he needed?" Master asked.

"Yes, though it wasn't measurements., sir It was mostly reassurance about what happened Tuesday night."

"Is he reassured? Does he say things are going well?"

"He's reassured and things are going as well as expected early in a relationship. They had a good time last night, have a date again tonight, but no sex yet. Chen is being a gentleman and Janet is letting him."

"Good news for them. Lisa could you start breakfast. I'll be in shortly to help."

"Yes, sir." She hustled to obey.

"Are you going to shower, slave?" Master asked.

"I am, sir. Does anything else need to be cleaned?"

"We took care of it."

"My Master owes me an ass fucking."

"You'll get it, soon, I promise. After brunch."

"I'll cleanse my ass again, sir."

"You do that, slut," laughing.

"Your slut, sir," laughing with him.

"Forever?"

"And a day," I confirmed, handling his limp cock.

******

Master did fuck my ass again, and my cunt and Lisa's cunt in between. And then we fucked some more, after supper. We fucked all day long; as long as we could get his cock hard. It died sometime around nine PM. No matter how much Lisa or I sucked on his staff, it was dead for the day.

"I don't know who owes who what in terms of orgasms," Master said, finally conceding defeat when neither of us could get another rise out of him. 

"I lost count of my orgasms, Master. I couldn't begin to tell you how many I had except I was over thirty when I stopped counting," I said.

"Me either," Lisa said. "At this point, I'm not sure it makes any difference. I'm about fucked out."

"So neither one of you cares if I give you permission to give each other three more apiece."

I looked at Lisa and she looked at me and we both suddenly grinned as wide as the Cheshire Cat.

"I don't think I'm that fucked out, Master," I said.

"Me either," Lisa said. "I'm game if she is."

So for the next hour, Lisa and I took turns giving each other three more orgasms apiece. We went slow, because all our bits were sensitive, but we got in three more. Master was already asleep, exhausted from his Herculean labors. 

"Men," I whispered when we were done. "No fucking stamina at all."

"I thought he did pretty well, considering," Lisa whispered back. "He climaxed eight times."

"It should have been ten."

"At least we have each other to top it off."

I kissed her. "And how. Forever and a day, Lisa. I'll love you forever and a day."

"Forever and a day, Julia. I love you."

We went to sleep curled around each other, content.

******

Sunday began much as Saturday ended, lot's of fucking. We finally broke for brunch around eleven. After brunch, Master started packing. 

"I'm going to leave around three-thirty. I don't know what the traffic will be like and I don't want to get there too late."

"Will we have time for more sex, Master?" I asked. 

I was hoping to leave him incapable of more sex today before I turned him loose on Zoe and whoever else she found for him. I was perfectly willing to find him another sexual partner, but didn't want him to need to use her.

"I'll try to leave a little time for something," he said, "but you've fucked me over pretty good. I'm not sure I have anything left."

He might have something left if offered a fresh new slave and not the ones he was used to. I hoped he wasn't growing tired of us. I wasn't growing tired of him. I craved him with every fiber of my being.

Master was ready to go at three o'clock. He sat each of us on his lap and finger fucked us to two quick orgasms. Then he told us to go put our Slave Trainers in. Lisa and I looked at each other worriedly, but hurried off to do his bidding. We both returned wearing them. 

"I want you both to start sucking my cock. If you can make me cum in less than five minutes, you will wear these without the orgasm limiter and may remove it when the battery dies, so lots of orgasms for you. If it takes between five and ten minutes, your orgasms will be restricted, but you may remove it when the battery dies and you may start having sex at six PM until midnight. If however, it takes more than ten minutes to make me cum, you will wear it until the battery dies, recharge it, and wear it again until the battery dies. No sex until the second time it dies, which according to my calculations, should be around eight PM, starting right now." He started a timer on his watch.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
We both dropped to our knees and Lisa started sucking frantically. He was practically limp when she started. He'd enjoyed finger fucking us, but the stimulation to him was limited. Fuck! I almost regretted having sex all morning. This was going to be a killer. At least he hadn't had any since we broke for brunch, but he'd cum four times before then and eight times yesterday. We might be hitting a dry well. After around minute, we switched and I took over. Lisa was taking deep breaths. She'd hardly breathed while choking on his cock. I got it all the way down almost immediately and used every talent in my enlarged repertoire to get him to cum. When I finally gave him an erection, we switched again. Not content to depend solely on our cock oral skills, I began licking and sucking his balls. I'd get the cum out of there by any means necessary. Needing to breathe again, Lisa popped off his rod and I took over. Back and forth, his prick was sliding into my throat like it was my slick slit. Lisa was rolling his balls around in his mouth one at a time.

"Five minutes," Master called. 

Missed the first deadline. Shit! I cursed the inventor of the Slave Trainer again in my mind, still stroking his cock. We switched one more. While sucking on his balls again, I tried to think of anything else I could do to speed his orgasm along. If we hit ten minutes I'd be ready to kill myself by eight PM. Something, anything at all. Wait a minute. Master had been severely depleted on Memorial Day and had difficulty getting it up one last time with Rose. She'd done something with an anal vibrator to stimulate his prostate. We didn't have an anal wand, but I did have a finger. I stopped sucking his balls and started finger fucking Lisa. She frantically motioned for me to continue working the dangle, but I needed a slick finger to do what I was planning and that meant lubrication. Lisa had a lot of lubrication right now from her previous orgasms and I didn't mind giving her another, nor did it take long. She was moaning like a banshee in no time and I felt her cunt contract on my fingers. Twenty seconds of that and I was ready.

"Switch," I said, and she dropped off his cock and I took over. Master was standing with his feet spread just enough for me to feel behind his sack and find his fucking back door. A quick thrust and my middle finger was up his ass to the last knuckle. He jumped, but not enough for me to lose his cock. Within a minute, his prick was dribbling what fluids he had left. I sucked him dry, his cock pulsing weakly as he surrendered the last of his cream.

"Very creative," Master said, when I removed my finger. He rubbed his ass. "I almost regret setting that contest."

"I was desperate, sir. I hate the Slave Trainer. I only wish I'd come up with the idea before five minutes was up."

"I had no idea what the hell you were doing. I thought we were losing for sure," Lisa said. "It worked though. As far as I'm concerned, I owe you one, or twenty."

"I know you hate the Trainers, which is why they're so fun to use. It makes you positively frantic. Still you only have to wear them through one battery cycle. I'll turn it on just before I leave. Come here, you. Give your Master a kiss goodbye."

We both stood up and kissed him, holding him tight. A whole week without cock. Fuck a duck, we'd be miserable. The alternatives just weren't the same. He grabbed his computer bag and suitcase and loaded them in the car. Just before he left, he switched on our Slave Trainers. Roughly two hours of misery. Lisa and I went into the house and lay down in bed together, holding each other, going through our orgasm denial as one, cursing occasionally when it shut itself off, kissing to soothe ourselves. It was a bitch, but we got through it. A little after 5:30 it died. We took them out, cleaned them off and put them back on the charger. We went to the kitchen to eat and wait until six when the real fun could start. In the meantime, I called Janet. I needed workers.

"Janet, do you have time to speak."

"Of course."

"Chen isn't there is he?"

"No. Do you want to know about the date?"

"Not right now. No time. I want to offer you a job. The same offer I gave Reneé. Fifteen an hour to start. Twenty when you get good enough to work independently, or a share of the profits."

"Why are you offering me the job? Did Reneé change her mind?"

"No, but she's giving two weeks notice and we just got three more orders. We've got at least three months work between the two of us. Reneé will be starting from scratch, not knowing anything more than you. Even with the both of you, it's probably two months work, until you both become proficient. Mistress Dark told Master she thinks the bed will sell like hotcakes. She's one of the those who bought one. We had our Memorial Day bondage furniture sell as well, with orders for two of those. We need help and we need it fast. Think it over and let me know as soon as you can."

"What are you doing?"

"I'm eating, then I'm having as much sex as I can until midnight, because I'm horny as hell and I probably won't have anymore until we're home from exercise class."

"With your Master?"

"No, he's gone to LA. Lisa and I have to make do with pussy tonight. It's a bitch, but someone has to do it."

******

SCOTT

That sneaky little witch, Julia, jamming her finger up my ass to make me cum. Sitting in a car for several hours afterward wasn't exactly pleasant, but I'd asked for it, I guess. Traffic was as bad as I thought it would be, everyone returning to the city from wherever they'd spent the weekend; the mountains, the beaches, Las Vegas. It was almost five hours navigating the clogged freeways. I called Zoe to let them know I'd be late in case they were holding dinner for me. I pulled in a quarter after eight. Zoe was waiting outside for me with another woman I didn't know, both naked of course; the usual mode of dress at Brianna's. Zoe was showing a little more of the same pregnancy signs as Julia. Her breasts even looked a little fuller. 

"Good evening, Master Scott," Zoe said when I climbed out of the truck. "It's so nice to see you again. This is Dawn. Your slaves have arranged a special surprise for you. Dawn and I will be taking turns warming your bed each night so you don't get lonely. Dawn is our resident cock lover, and of course, you and I have shared beds before. Chantelle has some warm food for you in Sam's kitchen and Marcia has turned down your bed. Tonight, for your first night, you may have one or both of us. I know you're used to sleeping with two slaves."

Just like that, I had to forgive her for finger fucking my ass. My sweet slaves. I couldn't believe they'd arranged this for me. 

"I thought everyone here was a lesbian and wouldn't enjoy sex with a guy," I said.

"I like both cunt and cock, Master Scott," Dawn said, "and I haven't had much of the latter lately. Zoe told me I would really appreciate yours and I can see I will, sir. Mr. Tall, blonde and handsome, just the way I like them."

Zoe laughed. "As you can see, she'll be quite eager serving you. Dawn, why don't you take his computer bag and let's take him to Sam's. I'm sure he's hungry and in need of some rest."

Dawn grabbed the bag and Zoe took my left arm, leaving my right for the suitcase and they led me to Sam's house. Marcia had left for work, having a four to midnight shift. Zoe knocked to alert them to our presence. Sam told us to enter and all three of us went in. Sam and Chantelle were cuddling naked on the couch when we entered. Chantelle kissed her Master and rose to greet us, giving me a big naked hug and a kiss. 

"Bonjour, monsieur. It's so good to see you again. I will get you some food. May I get you something to drink as well."

"A beer will be great. The roads were torture tonight."

"Make it two, Chantelle. One for me too, and anything Dawn and Zoe want," Sam said, his prick somewhat erect. Not surprising since he'd been canoodling with Chantelle before we entered. Any other day and I'd have been erect when she hugged me. "Give me your bag and take a load off."

"Ice water for me, Chantelle," Zoe said.

"I'll have a beer, please," Dawn added. 

Sam took my bags and put them in my room, returning quickly. "How are things going between the three of you?" Sam asked when he returned.

"Perfect. I couldn't be happier with my life. Can you believe my slaves arranged to have Zoe and Dawn take care of my needs while I'm here?"

"It's quite generous of them. Most wives would be nervous sharing their husbands with beautiful slaves. I know Dawn's been getting antsy for cock. I can't accommodate her since she's not currently interested in children."

"I don't blame Marcia and Chantelle for being unwilling to share yours, Master, but I should get some benefits for all the times I sucked your cock while you were waiting to close on your house," Dawn pouted.

"You required practice, and as I recall, you were able to fuck Joe with Chantelle. It's not like you went without prick in your pussy the whole time, Dawn," Sam said. "I hope you haven't forgotten everything Chantelle taught you."

"That sounds like another interesting story," I said. 

"A story to share in bed perhaps, Monsieur," Chantelle said, coming in with three bottles of beer and an ice water. "For the maman," she said, giving Zoe her water. "Monsieur Scott, Dawn, and Monsieur Sam," handing us our beers. "The food is in the microwave, chicken orzo with kalamata olives and pesto sauce, warmed in two minutes. Please have a seat everyone, si vous plait." She whisked back to the kitchen.

We all sat down. 

"Sam, yours and Brianna's bed orders seem to have precipitated an onslaught of business," I said. "They've received another order for a bed and two more bondage devices. Julia and Lisa are hoping to hire a couple more people. Mistress Dark thinks the bed will be a hot seller. We're taking a page from Brianna's book about slave business. After paying for materials, I'm taking half to support them, and they split the remainder putting it in a savings account to grow for the future. Zoe, I may need to give you more business. We may need to incorporate or something. I don't think I should keep operating under my business forever."

"No, it would be wise to separate the two. You don't want lawsuits against one to bankrupt the other."

Chantelle returned with my food and after handing me a plate piled high, took a seat in Sam's lap again. I had a bite. Delicious.

"What class are you taking down here, Scott?" Sam asked. "I don't think I heard."

"Ecologically sound building materials and practices which can make you money. It's being offered at USC. I hope you don't think I'm a drag, but I'm starving and this is so good." I took another bite.

"No, Monsieur. I always appreciate when someone loves my food," Chantelle laughed. "In fact, it's getting late and I'm sure you're tired from the drive. Sam and I will leave you alone. When you're done, put the dish in the sink and run water on it. The pesto adheres to the plate like crazy glue if it's not cleaned immediately. We can talk more tomorrow. Come on, Sam. A certain slave needs to be fucked hard before Mistress comes home and demands your attention."

"Thank you so much for this, Chantelle, Sam," holding up the plate and beer. "Thanks for letting me stay and upset your household once more."

"No problem. We Master's have to stick together or our slaves will just run over us," Sam said. Everyone laughed.

They got up and went to their bedroom. Sam's cock was more than a little hard. I looked at the two slaves who were scheduled to share my bed. Zoe, my old girlfriend, now pregnant with Sam's child, though it was more Brianna's than Sam's. Dawn, young, pierced, tattooed, sassy. Shit! I didn't have enough energy or cum to fuck them both tonight. Maybe not even one. My own slaves had done everything in their power to drain me the last two days and I was perfectly willing to let them. 

"Dawn, I'm sorry but my slaves fucked hell out of me the last couple days and I don't think I could do you justice tonight. You might believe Zoe was bragging on me for no good reason. If it's all right with you, I promise to give you my full attention tomorrow night and give you as much cock as I can spare. Tonight, I'd like to catch up with Zoe a little. I didn't have as much time with her last time as I would have liked."

She pouted prettily. "You'd better be able to spare a lot, sir."

"I assure you by tomorrow night, I'll be able to give you three or four times the amount of attention I could possibly give you tonight. I'd be lucky to fuck you once tonight."

"I'll hold you to that, sir."

"It's a deal. I'll see you tomorrow, and don't expect me to go easy on you. I like my slaves to be compliant and obedient."

Dawn licked her lips and struck a saucy pose. "I can hardly wait." Then she left, whistling.

"So, Master, you chose me so you could beg off having to fuck the fat, pregnant girl," Zoe said.

"Nothing could be further than the truth. I asked Julia why she spent so much time with you when we were here last. She said it's because you were my old girlfriend and there was something perverse and exciting about fucking the same person I'd fucked before I met her. She said it's the same with Lisa. The fact we're both fucking Lisa makes it more special somehow. She's right. The fact you've fucked Julia makes me want to fuck you more. You may be the only one who could get me hard tonight. I wasn't lying about that. They may have arranged for two delectable slaves to take care of me while I was here, but it's like they didn't want me to have to use one all week, I was fucked that much. The only question I have is do you want to be fucked in the cunt or the ass. I don't think I have the juice for both." 

Zoe laughed. "Oh, the cunt please, sir. I think my pregnancy is giving me hemorrhoids. I know what you mean. Fucking Scott's wife was delicious. Fucking Julia's husband again will be too."

"The cunt it is. Just let me finish my meal and my beer and I'll give you all of my attention." 

I started wolfing down my food, a big grin on my face. In between bites, I asked questions.

"When did they call you to make arrangements? I'm assuming it was you as she knows you best." Bite.

"Friday, around noon. It was quite nice. She pleaded with me to find someone who would be willing to fuck you. She suggested maybe some of the women who were eager to have a child would want a an intelligent, handsome, stud like you to father one with."

"She offered me for stud services?" Chew. Interesting. I knew she was willing for me to father children with Lisa, but this seemed above and beyond.

"If that's what it took to plant a slave in your bed. She'd also met Dawn briefly at the pool while she was here and knew someone liked cock once in awhile. And she thought since we'd had sex before, I might not mind doing it again. None of the women are fertile currently, and they really only want cocks for stud. But I thought the two of us should be sufficient. I'm sure you have other things to do while you're here than fuck slaves." 

"God, yes. It's part of why I didn't want them coming, along with Julia's next doctor's appointment. I wanted Lisa to go with her to the doctor's and I knew I'd be busy studying at least some of the time."

"So you didn't keep her at home to keep her away from me?"

"No, though I hoped the next time I turned you loose on her, I could watch. And, since I know you're not averse to at least a little dick on occasion," I patted her pregnant tummy, "perhaps I could play with you."

"You dirty old man! What a dog you are."

"Hey, we've already both agreed fucking the other's spouse is fucking amazing. Why not do it at the same time and make it really fucking amazing. By the way; I'm guessing your services for the week aren't free. What's it costing me?"

"Julia and Lisa spending the night with Mistress and myself the next time you stay. Not you, just them. You may partake of Dawn's predilection for dick while they're otherwise occupied."

"That seems like a fair trade. I can live with that." I showed her my plate. "Done."

"Let me take care of your dishes. Why don't you take a quick shower and brush your teeth? I freshened up before you arrived. Would you like some ice water to rehydrate?"

"Thank you, I would. I'll see you in a few." 

Zoe took my dishes and I went into the bathroom to shower, grabbing my bathroom kit from the suitcase on the way through the bedroom. When I was done, Zoe had hung up all my clothes in the closet or tucked them away into drawers, getting my suitcase out of the way. She was lying in bed, waiting for me, idly rubbing her tummy. I guessed she was maybe two or three weeks farther along than Julia. I watched her from the doorway a bit, enjoying her beauty, drying myself off.

"You're not the gangly, scrawny boy I dated in college," Zoe said, returning my gaze. "You've added some heft, some gravitas. More mature, more handsome. I'm sometimes sorry it didn't work out between us. I cared for you a great deal."

"Speaking of heft," I said, indicating the fullness of her belly.

"Don't make fun of the fat pregnant lady, sir."

"I'm not making fun. Well, maybe a little fun. It's true what they say about pregnant women. You glow. You look amazing." She nodded, shyly smiling, acknowledging my compliment. "As for the past - The heart wants what the heart wants. You realized you wanted girls. You chose as nature intended. I don't resent that. I think it's worked out well for everyone. It's nice that we're still friends, that you're here with me now with the blessing of my wife and lover." I set down the towel, showing her my cock, halfway hard already. 

"Is that for me?" Zoe giggled.

"It most certainly is. You gave me the most amazing blow job when I was here before. I was hoping you could top this off."

She sat up and moved to the edge of the bed. "No problem, Master."

I approached her and her tongue licked her lips before her mouth opened to accept my cock. I slid in, warm and wet, no teeth, well trained slave. In two minutes I was hard as a post.

"Missionary, doggy style or from behind?" I asked. "Whichever is more comfortable for you."

"From behind, please, sir." 

She lay down on the bed with her back towards me and lifted her leg, granting me access to her moist treasure. I got behind her, one hand cupping the fullness of her breast. She positioned my cock head at her heavenly gate and I pushed in, drawing a quick gasp.

"You seem bigger than you did before," she whispered.

"More heft. It seems I added it everywhere." She laughed and I fingered her nipple. "Play with yourself. Make yourself cum while I'm in you."

"More sure of yourself, more Masterly, too," she moaned. Her hand went between her legs, started playing, while I slowly stroked in and out of her wet sheath.

A couple minutes passed. Her breathing had increased, her nipples swollen with need.

"Master, I need to cum. May I please cum?"

"Not yet. Don't stop playing with yourself."

Zoe groaned, "Fuck! Don't torture me."

"Don't cum, Zoe, or you will be punished."

She was panting hard, her raised leg was quivering. I swore I could feel her cunt start to tremble and I knew she couldn't hold out a second longer.

"Cum now," I whispered in her ear and she screamed and let loose, trembling in my arms, her pussy spasming over my prick, swamped in her fluids. 

"Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me," she whispered hoarsely. "Oh God, fuck me, Master."

I sped up, and she moaned louder. "Oh, God! Oh, God! Oh, God!" Rising in both pitch and volume. I'd never made her scream like this when we were dating. I had a lot more experience now, and she was submissive and I was taking full advantage of it. I was worlds away from the young man I used to be.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"Keep playing with yourself," I whispered against her neck. "I want you to keep cumming until I do."

She nodded, panting, her hand whipping frantically between her legs, her back arched, her breasts flushed, nipples turgid nubs, cumming for me. I managed to fuck her for over fifteen minutes before pulsing in her pussy, still nearly drained. I told her she could stop now.

"Mmm," she said, stretching, breathless, "that was special. Thank you, Master."

I got up to get my towel. I hadn't left much moisture in her, but she'd left a lot of her own. I patted her pussy, soaking up her cum.

"Very considerate, sir."

I got my phone. "Smile," I said.

She covered herself up, hastily saying, "No nudity, Master. I can't risk it getting out due to my profession."

"No nudity. Just a little thank you to my slaves. Smile for them, Zoe."

She adopted a shit eating grin and I snapped a photo. Her hair was mussed, her skin flushed. She looked like exactly what she was; a well fucked slave. 

I showed her the picture. "This is okay to send, right?"

"Oh, it's very good, but since I know the purpose, let me show a wee bit more of the top of my breasts. I'm sure Julia and Lisa will appreciate it."

Zoe shoved the covers down until only her nipples were covered, the areola of one still peaking out. She replaced the grin with a sultry smile. "Take this one." I snapped the picture. I showed it to her. "Perfect," she said. "Send it."

Competitive girl games. Enticing Julia while showing her she'd fucked her husband. Cute. I sent it with a message. 'I thank you with all of my heart for your gift.'

Five minutes later, I received a selfie showing both of my slaves with their heads together, smiling. Both of their faces were covered in girl cum. 'You're welcome. We miss you,' it said. I showed it to Zoe, then set an alarm.

"I'm glad you're here with me tonight," I whispered, snuggling against her with my hand over her swelling belly. "I miss my slaves."

"I'm sure you do," Zoe whispered back, pushing her buttocks against my limp prick. "I'm glad I'm here, too."

"Don't let your Mistress hear you say that. She might shoot me." 

Zoe laughed. "Only if you tried to steal me. You aren't planning on stealing me are you?"

"I don't think I could survive three slaves, so a qualified no to that."

"A qualified no?"

"I shan't mind stealing a night or two every time we visit."

"I'm sure Mistress would survive a theft of that nature. She has many slaves to keep her occupied. I only get about one night a week with her."

"How does that suit you?"

"I get along. I have a lot of lovers among the other slaves, and Mistress has gotten better at paying attention to our needs. Sam helps satisfy my need for submitting. Not by fucking me. Usually, it's just a spanking, or perhaps an order. It works out. I'm happy. You were quite the dominant during our sex. I liked it."

"I've found I like being dominant. It suits me."

"It does. Julia and Lisa are very happy with you as shown by their gift to you. You're lucky to have found each other. You don't always find the person you were meant for."

"No, you don't." 

I thought about that as I lay with my arms around my former girlfriend, a gift from my slaves. I was one lucky fucker.

******

JULIA

By 6:01, Lisa and I were in bed having sex, and we didn't stop until receiving a text from Master. We looked at the photo he sent, Zoe, a well fucked look on her face, her boobs covered, barely, by the covers. You could see the swell of her belly under the sheets.

"At least he chose the pregnant one," Lisa said.

"You mean the ex-girlfriend he used to love one, that one?"

"Well, there is that, but what's worse? The skinny, sexy fresh slave he's never fucked before or the getting fatter because she's carrying another man's kid slave, most certainly a lesbian one?"

I laughed. "I haven't decided yet. I'm still considering. Both have their downsides." 

"We did offer."

"I hoped we'd fucked him enough he wouldn't have the energy or cum left to fuck, at least for tonight."

"He was stuck in traffic for five hours. If Master can't get it up again after five hours, we're both in trouble."

I giggled. "That would be a fucking disaster. Let's send him an answer."

"With or without cum? The photo, I mean," Lisa said.

"Definitely with. Show him we're happy, with smiling faces." I held up my camera and put my arm around her. "Say, 'cheese'."

Lisa leaned in against me. "Cheese." I snapped the picture. 

"How's this look?" I asked.

"I think we look too happy, and not like we're missing him."

"That's okay. We can tell him we miss him. He doesn't have to see us miserable."

"Fine. Send it."

"You're welcome. We miss you," I said as I typed. "Send. Done." Swoosh.

"Tomorrow," Lisa said, "I want to use dildo's. If I can't have Master's cock, I at least want something else filling my cunt, even if it's an inanimate object."

"You'll get no argument from me. I'm game for anything you want to do. I love you, Lisa."

"Back at you."

Further words disappearing in a blur of kisses, pets, caresses, and damned fine tongue work for about ten minutes, then Lisa's phone went off.

"Is Master texting you now?" I asked, frustrated because Lisa was between my legs and I was fairly close.

"I don't know." Lisa picked up her phone. "It's from Jack."

"Asshole ex-husband, Jack?"

"One and the same."

"What the fuck does he want?"

"He wants to meet tomorrow sometime. I just tell him when and where."

"Never and nowhere comes to mind. Why the hell does he want to meet?"

"I don't know and I don't care," Lisa said. She typed, 'Our marriage is ended. I have no reason to fucking ever see you again, prick. Forget it, not interested.' Send.

He sent back, 'I think I made a mistake divorcing you.'

'Of course you did, but you did and it's too fucking bad. I love someone else now.' "Two someones actually," Lisa murmured, "and even you are twice the man Jack ever was. He isn't even in the same ballpark as Master." 'It's too late. We're divorced and you're married to someone else and I'm totally disinterested.' "Jerk. Trying to fucking change his mind. What an idiot."

"I can't believe he's sending you this shit now. The asshole's married again. He's hoping to cheat on her with his ex? How ignorant is he?"

"Pretty damn ignorant." Another text came in. 'I want you back.' "Can't take no for an answer."

"Maybe you're making it too hard for him. Don't say 'no fucking way', just say 'no'. It's only two letters. I'm sure he learned it before he started kindergarten."

'NO'. Send.

'Please. Just meet with me.' "Didn't understand En-Oh, either."

I took her phone. 'NEVER! I'm turning my phone off now. Sayonara, prick.' I put her phone on Do Not Disturb. "If that doesn't do it, at least we don't have to listen to him whine anymore. Now, where were we?"

"I was close to making you cum."

"I'm sorry, but I'm not that close anymore, but I'm sure you can catch me up real soon."

"No problem, sweetheart." Lisa dived between my legs again and I went to heaven. So did Lisa. We had to get it all in before midnight. No more sex until six PM tomorrow and we had to be at the gym by seven. Two hours there, half hour drive. Poker on Thursday. Sex would be limited for the next week. Master knew what he was doing restricting us from six to midnight. Enough, but barely.

******

Lisa didn't notice her phone was still on Do Not Disturb, until mid-morning, when we were finally finishing up Brianna's bed frame with the last coat of varnish. It still had to dry, but we were done. When she turned it back on, it was like a three alarm fire, ding after ding as the messages from Jack kept coming in, over fifty of them stored in the ether and finally released. She turned off the sound until they all loaded. 

"Christ," Lisa said. "More of the same, I want you, I need you, blah, blah, blah for the first dozen or so, then he starts getting really nasty. How long have you been fucking the Rivers? If you'd brought that little lesbo whore to our house to fuck, maybe we wouldn't be divorced. One whore deserves another. And so on and so forth. Then he asks for a meeting again; not so politely. Meet me, bitch or I'll fuck you up, whore. What a disgusting shit. Hell, yes! I'm really motivated to meet him now. Can't wait to kick the pecker in the balls. Douche bag!"

"He sounds mentally disturbed. You can't meet him under any circumstance unless it's with an army of police officers around. He's sick. Block his phone number for now. Don't erase his messages. On Wednesday, when we go to the doctor, we'll file a restraining order against him. His messages will be evidence." 

Lisa put the block on his number. At least we would get any more of his disgusting messages. 

Rose and Slut arrived at lunch time.

"Have you eaten?" Lisa asked.

"No," Slut answered. "We were stuck in some traffic. Nasty accident with no easy way around it."

"We have plenty. Have a seat," I said.

"May we get naked?" Rose asked. Slaves enjoyed being without their clothes. We got used to our nudity and preferred it that way.

"You might as well," I answered. "We'll be taking your pictures nude. I see no reason to wait." 

"Thank you," Rose said stripping off her two items of clothing, Slut following suit. "We've been stuck in traffic for two hours. It's the longest I've worn clothes in a month. I hated it."

We were having Chef Salad for lunch, heavy, with the lighter food tonight before exercise. Lisa gave them each a large bowl. 

"Do you need to inform Mistress Dark you're running late?" She asked. One did not disappoint Mistress Dark.

"No we told her. Sent another text when we got here so she'll know when to expect us back roughly," Slut replied.

"Our Master informed us we're to each give you two orgasms today before you leave. I suggest we do it after the photo shoot when we're all aroused by the experience," I said. "Did your Mistress give you any similar instructions?" Hopefully. Might be the only way to have sex early today.

"Mistress said we're to return what we receive," Rose said, smiling. She understood the reason for asking. She was a slave.

"Hallelujah," I said laughing. "At least we get four today before supper. Master is only allowing us to pleasure each other between six and midnight, and we have exercise class every day this week in the evening."

"Life's a bitch when you're a needy slave," Rose agreed, laughing. "We'll take care of you, four times anyway."

After lunch, we went into the basement and posed Rose and Slut in every station, totally nude. I shot the photos while Lisa posed them at each station. She even smacked their asses a few times to get a nice red color for the photos, which had Slut moaning in pleasure. As I expected, both slaves were wet sluts when we finished. Total slaves respond well to confinement. Slut's pussy was glistening with her juices before we finished, a detail the camera captured in exquisite detail on the St. Andrew's cross. I handed my phone to Rose. 

"Send these to your Mistress. She can determine which of them she'll post on the web." 

I waited until she was finished, then invited them both to our bedroom. We might as well be comfortable for the sex. I was ready to eat either one when we climbed the stairs. 

"Do you want to sixty-nine and get it over quickly," I asked, "or take our time and enjoy it."

Rose and Slut looked at each other. "Mistress has no need for us until seven," Slut said. "We have until six before we need to leave, provided there are no more accidents."

"We need to leave for the gym at 6:30, so that sounds wonderful to us," Lisa said.

Slut got on the bed and spread her legs, showing us the moist cavern of her cunt, liquid dripping from it. "Let's get started. Take it slow." Lisa climbed between her legs, doing just as she asked, take it slow. The seduction of a Mistress or Master by their slave. Slut moaned early and often.

Rose decided to wait until Slut was done before taking her place on the bed. I decided to try out the techniques Sam demonstrated with Marcia, engaging Rose's head in the game. I stood behind her, holding one hand cupping her breast, another between her legs, not penetrating, merely making its presence known.

"Your Mistress ordered one of those beds for you," I whispered. "She knows how much you love being confined, bound, teased, disciplined. She knows how quickly you'll become wet and cum after she ties you, spanks you or plays with you. Oh my, look at how Lisa is seducing Slut, taunting her, teasing her, licking so close to her clit, but not letting her release. Will she make you wait to cum as well? Make you squirm before you spasm in her mouth. She'll make you hold your legs wide, stretched for her as her tongue dances on your folds. Will you scream for her when you cum, like Slut is screaming now?" Slut was screaming, a twisted moan from deep in her belly, her hips bouncing on the bed. 

I didn't know how my words were affecting Rose, save my hand was flooded. I was doing nothing with it save cupping her mound, but it was if I was finger fucking her, the fluids ran so freely. 

"Four times you can cum this afternoon, screaming in passion, watched by your fellow slaves as you surrender to the tongue flicking over your hard clit or sliding through the liquid fire of your slit."

Rose tried to hump my hand, get herself off. I pulled my hand away. "No dear," I whispered. "I want to taste you when you cum, drink your sweet nectar, not waste it on my fingers." She moaned, as much from frustration as pleasure. She turned and plastered herself against me, cunt to cunt, breast to breast, shuddering on my lips, sucking on my tongue as if her life depended on it. I practically tasted her desire, her arousal as she kissed me. 

A sudden thought burbled through my mind. I thought of Mistress Dark training Sarah, making her start her training as a slave, before she could start training as a dominant. I knew the slave mind. I was a slave down to my toes.

"You must earn your climax, dear Rose." I pushed down on her shoulders and she sank to her knees in front of me. "Make me cum," I whispered, "like the good little slave you are." Her lips clamped on my sex, her tongue sweeping through my slit. 

Fuck, yes. Is this what Reneé felt when Janet surrendered to her? I would never dare do this with Master. I would never do it with Lisa either. She was like my co-soul mate, but the power of having a woman bow down to me was intoxicating. To have another female slave go down on me because I ordered her to was amazing. Oh, shit! If I could get Zoe to do what Rose was doing right now, my life would be complete. Master's ex-girlfriend forced to do what I said, when I said it. That would wipe the 'I just fucked your husband' smile off her face. Could I be both submissive to Master and a fucking Domme to every other submissive woman out there?

It was a potent thought, and I grabbed Rose's head and ground her against my crotch, close to smothering her in my juices. "Lick me slave. Make me cum like the slut slave you are." And she did. Every ounce of her was directed to my groin, slathering her tongue through my folds, sucking my clit, licking my cum. I smeared it all over her face, made her wallow in it. I orgasmed so hard, I could barely stand; only the hands clinging to her hair as she inhaled my release keeping me on my feet.

"So good, so good slave. You make me proud at what a good little cunt licker you are."

Where was this coming from? Rose didn't care. She was buried nose deep in my cunt. She was having a hard time keeping up with my fluids, but she was making a valiant effort. I would have to reward her for her skills, but not like she was; not from a position of submission. I'd have to take control, make her my bitch for the afternoon, at least. Could I do the same thing to Slut? Maybe a spanking, or better yet, The Enforcer. Make her my bottom until they went home. Lisa was finishing up with Slut. I told Rose to remain kneeling while I got the strapless dildo. I came back with it in my cunt, waving like a flag in front of me. I held The Enforcer in my hand. 

"On your hands and knees, slave. Show me your pretty pussy. I'm going to fuck it," I ordered. Master told me to give them each two orgasms, not how. 

Rose bent over, raising her ass for me. Her pussy was a swamp, waiting to be filled. I filled it. I rammed the dildo up her cunt and turned it on. She climaxed immediately, so fucking turned on. I turned it off again. I didn't want her to cum too fast. I wanted to take my time. Nice and slow, in and out, splitting her apart. She was moaning now, low and steady. 

"Beg to cum, slave."

Lisa had given Slut her second orgasm and they both watched me pound Rose's pussy. Slut's eyes were glassy and her face was flushed. She'd cum hard on Lisa's tongue, but hearing me order Rose to beg, cranked up her arousal. More than anyone else I knew, Slut wanted to be dominated physically and emotionally, punished regularly. She craved a strong hand.

Rose was quivering. "Let me cum," she begged.

"You can do better than that, slave," I said. I swatted her ass with The Enforcer, once, a mere reminder.

"Please let me cum," she pleaded.

"Better, but you can do better yet." I swatted her twice more.

Rose knew what I wanted her to say, but she didn't want to say it. It felt like a violation to her. I could understand. I had to address other dominant's as Master or Mistress, but there was only one Master for me; my Master. Mistress be damned. I could call the whole world Mistress and it wouldn't bother me in the slightest, but there was one Master. She was desperate, our little Rose. I wouldn't stop fucking her and she needed to cum bad. 

"Please let me cum, Master," she said, trying to get out of saying it by using the masculine equivalent. 

"Close, Rose, so close. You can do better." I swatted her again.

She surrendered. "Please let me cum, Mistress," she gasped, ready to explode.

I turned on the vibrator. "Cum, slave."

Rose shrieked and climaxed. I don't know if it was one long one or twenty, one right after the other. I gave her the benefit of the doubt. Call it one. Her head was on the floor, her ass in the air when I pulled out of her. I told her I wanted to taste her cum from the source and I did, gently licking her bald sex clean, feeling her twitch from her sensitivity as I did, but she didn't cum again.

I sat on the bed in front of her. "You owe me one more orgasm, Rose, crawl over and give it to me." I spread my legs wide.

She did it. She crawled over to me and went between my legs. She sucked the dildo clean, removed it, licking the other end, then licked my cunt to orgasm. It didn't take long. I'd been stimulated by the dildo as well, but even more arousing was the the sense of power I felt over Rose.

When she was done, I patted her head. "Thank you, Rose. You were a very good girl." She laid her head upon my thigh, her face covered in my cum.

"Lisa, why don't you give Rose your two orgasms. She's done very well today and should be rewarded. I'm very happy with her performance. I'll take care of Slut." I eyed Slut, tapping the Enforcer in the palm of my hand. "Stand up, Slut. Let's watch Rose receive her reward, shall we."

Slut got off the bed and stood by me and we watched Lisa give Rose the same treatment she'd given Slut. A nice slow seduction, which was good, because as tightly wound as Rose was at this moment, she'd cum twice in minutes. I played Slut the same way. One hand between her legs, loosely cupping her mound, but the other arm didn't grab a boob. My arm was over the a breast, but the hand held The Enforcer and was waving it around in front of her. Her eyes seemed to follow, unable to take her eyes off it. Good, she was thinking about it.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
"What's your name?" I whispered.

"Slut, Miss" she said. She was almost there. I let it slide for the moment.

"No, your real name," I said. "Not the name your Mistress gives you when you've been bad."

"Penelope, Miss" 

"Have you earned your other name today, Penelope?"

"Miss?" Questioning.

"Did you earn the name, Slut? Have you been a Slut today? Not with us, before?"

She was silent, thinking. Thinking about what she'd done, thinking if she wanted to tell me. "Yes," she whispered.

"What did you do? How did you earn your name today?" I asked.

Silent again, wondering if she should tell me. She shouldn't, but she wouldn't know that yet.

"I masturbated to orgasm without permission while pleasing Mistress."

"You can orgasm without your Mistress's knowledge?" Interesting. Could I do that? More importantly; would I do that? Cum without Master's permission and not tell him. It would be hard. I was a slave. It would be like having sex with Lisa before six or after midnight while he was in LA. Theoretically, he'd never know, but I'd know and so would Lisa. Obedience was ingrained now.

"Yes, Miss" her answer.

"Do you like watching Lisa pleasure Rose, watching women love other women?"

"Yes, Miss."

"Masturbate while you watch. Show me you can cum without my knowledge."

I removed the hand cupping her mound, moving it behind her, to her bottom and inserting the tip of one tiny finger in her snatch so I could feel her orgasm to test if she could.

"I'm supposed to be punished if I cum without permission, Miss."

I waved the Enforcer in front of her. "You will be, Slut." She gasped.

As we watched Lisa pleasure Rose, Slut started fingering herself. No rapid frigging, no sudden hand movements, no loud breathing, just a stealthy finger moving lightly over her clit. I couldn't hear her breathing change, but I felt it, standing behind her with and arm about her. Slightly deeper breaths, though maintaining the same rhythm. Her nipples grew harder under my arm. She was good, very sneaky, our young Slut. Rose orgasmed. So did Slut. It was hard to tell. The only way I could really know was the telltale contractions of her pussy on my finger, increased wetness on my finger; liquid dripping down it. No wonder she could get away with it. A Master would be able to tell with his cock in her naughty cunt, but unless a Mistress had her fingers up her cunt, she would likely pass. 

"Keep going," I whispered. "Watch Rose cum again and cum with her." The devil on her shoulder, pushing her to be a disobedient slut.

Exactly the same. A silent, undetectable orgasm. No additional squirming, no sudden inhalations, no sounds, just her pussy pulsing over my finger. 

"Mmm. You naughty girl," I breathed in her ear. "You are such a slut."

She leaned her head back, falling against my shoulder. "Yes, Miss."

"Lisa, why don't you bring Rose into the kitchen, give her some water or whatever she'd like to drink. I need to have a conversation with Slut."

Slut turned to face me, suddenly worried. I smiled at her, my smile growing wider as Lisa and Rose left.

"You're faced with a choice now, Slut. The choice for you is quite plain, and quite simple. You've been a very disobedient and unprincipled slave. Cumming without permission is a punishable offense to most dominants. I'm sure your Mistress would be very upset to learn you've been having orgasms without permission. Would you agree?"

Slut nodded. "Yes, Miss."

"Not Miss; Mistress."

Slut gulped. I could see her swallow. "Yes, Mistress."

"Since you're so sneaky about it, she'd probably have to put you in chastity garments or some such to ensure you never did it again without her knowledge wouldn't she? You'd never be allowed to pleasure yourself again. Never have another orgasm without strict supervision and control to determine whether or not you were being a naughty, slutty little girl. If I informed Rose, she'd be duty bound to tell your Mistress, wouldn't she?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"You would never again be able to have all the precious orgasms you want, would you?"

"No, Mistress."

"The other choice for you, would be for me to keep my mouth shut and not inform Rose, but I would expect something from you in return for my silence. Would you like to guess what I want or shall I tell you?"

"For me to give you orgasms when I see you?" She asked.

"Oh, I'm not like you, Slut. I don't have orgasms without Master's permission. He may force them on me, but I'm punished for them. I never touch myself without his permission. Lisa and I don't pleasure each other without permission. We're obedient. If he gives me permission for me to have them, I will gladly accept your skills to get me off. I'd welcome having your head buried between my thighs, your tongue digging deep in my juicy cunt, or even my ass, to give me pleasure. You will demonstrate your skills to me shortly. But I would never do so without my Master's consent. You, on the other hand, have become accustomed to disobedience. Everyone knows you choose to be disobedient sometimes to be punished. You enjoy discipline. But you're also a randy slut who if all she craved was punishment, would have informed her Mistress she climaxed this morning. You're also a creature defined by your name, a slut. You want to cum. You're perfectly willing to cum without permission, but that will shortly end unless you agree to my proposal."

She waited to hear what it was, afraid, but curious.

"No, Slut; what I want from you is your unquestioning obedience to me every time we're together. You will call me Mistress and you will do whatever I demand unless it is specifically countermanded by your own Mistress. If you do, I'll keep your dirty little secret. I'll even give you more orgasms than you should have, though I shall punish you for them. I'll support your slutty little habit. Will you bow down to me as your secondary Mistress or shall I inform Rose what a naughty girl you've been?"

"I'll obey you, Mistress." I smiled at her. I knew she would.

"On your knees, Slut. Worship your new Mistress."

Slut sank to her knees, just as Rose had done. I spread my legs for her and her tongue dived between my folds. She was very good, and quite eager to please her new Mistress. But only one hand rested on my thigh, her hand was between her legs.

"Both hands on me, Slut. If you think you'll be able to pleasure yourself without my knowledge, you're sadly mistaken. Hold my hips with both hands and grind your face into my crotch." Her hand came up, guiltily, I thought, and she gripped my hips, pressing herself harder into my cunt. "Much better, slave." 

She made me cum, rather easily, I'm afraid. I was drunk with power at the moment and I succumbed to it. No wonder Reneé was still ordering Janet around the following day.

"Leave my cum on your face," I ordered, stepping away after my orgasm. "My second command is not to speak of this with anyone. Please ask the others if they're ready to return."

Slut left while I contemplated the sense of mastery I felt over two other slaves. Could I make Rose submit as completely as Slut was? I suspected she was the more obedient to her own Mistress of the two, and might tell on herself if not handled carefully. If she told on herself, it might have negative consequences for me. Mistress Dark was not above seeing slaves were properly disciplined for infractions by either herself or my Master, and possibly both. The cane marks left on Slut's buttocks proof of that, and she might have other instruments even more nefarious. I loved the whip, was becoming quite tolerant of The Enforcer, but would I appreciate other applications of discipline equally? I doubted it. Still, one might explore without completely exposing one's hand.

The others returned. Lisa was looking at me with an inquisitive look in her eye. She knew me too well.

"Rose, while Lisa was giving you your orgasms, I had my fingers in Slut's cunt and I inadvertently made her cum, twice. I'd still like to taste her delicious cunt and make her cum as I did you, but I'm sure your Mistress imposed restrictions on the number of times you were allowed to orgasm. Only the number of times Master allowed us to; is that correct?"

"Yes," She'd dropped the Mistress now she wasn't dying to orgasm.

"If I punished Slut for the two orgasms she had previously, would your Mistress object strenuously if I gave her two more?"

"I think Mistress would understand," Rose said, entering my trap.

"How many times are you spanked if you cum without permission?"

"Twenty times."

"Any particular method of spanking; any instrument in particular?"

"Mistress is not particular. Whatever's at hand, any method she chooses."

"If I understand you correctly, you believe your Mistress wouldn't object to Slut having two more orgasms, if she's punished for the two she's already had, but Slut would require forty in order to pay for the indiscretion."

"Yes."

"Let me ask you this, Rose. I should like to see if while Slut is being punished, she can concentrate sufficiently on what she's doing, she could give someone else an orgasm. I wouldn't mind if she gave it to Lisa, but Master isn't here to grant us permission, or to punish us if we have one without his permission. If Slut were to give an orgasm to you while I spank her, would your Mistress object if you were punished for it as well. I get the feeling she's not concerned as long as the slave is punished, else you wouldn't tell me it's okay for Slut to have two more."

"I believe she'd be okay with it."

"Would you agree to be punished by me if Slut were to make you cum, as recompense for your additional orgasm?"

"Yes." 

"May I see if Slut is able to give you an orgasm while she's punished? May I punish you if you cum? I know it's difficult for me to concentrate when I'm being punished." Be polite. Ask. Get her compliance. Orgasms during punishment required a lot of concentration, but it wasn't impossible. I'd given them to Master, Lisa and Mistress Dark while punished and pleasured. I suspected Rose had done the same, just as I suspect Slut wouldn't have much difficulty as much as she loved being punished.

"I agree."

"Thank you, Rose. One more question. Master gives us orgasms to lessen the severity of the punishment. Does your Mistress do the same?"

"She does."

"The thing I'm worried about is if I give either of you orgasms to reduce the impact of your punishment, they would also be without permission, leading to more punishment, ad infinitum. I could refuse to give you one to ease your suffering, but it seems too hard and brutal towards you. I don't wish to hurt you, either you or Slut, more than necessary. Just this once, might I give both of you one additional orgasm without punishment, only to reduce the pain from the original punishment. I would give Slut one of my allowed orgasms before her spanking, one after the first twenty, but I'd like to give her one more after using The Enforcer on her. You know how much it stings. You've already cum your four times and even if you cum once more under Slut's tongue, it will be awhile before I complete Slut's punishment. The endorphins will be leaving your body. I'd like to give you one to ease your pain without fear of more punishment. I won't tell your Mistress if you don't. Slut, would you tell your Mistress if I gave Rose an orgasm without punishment?"

"No, Mistress."

Rose looked at her, wondering. It was okay. Rose had called me Mistress already, though only begging to cum, but Slut wasn't begging to cum. I wanted Rose to do it all the time, like Slut will now.

"Would that be okay, Rose? May I ease your pain with an unpunished orgasm?"

"Okay." Slaves don't mind mild punishment much when pleasure was part of the deal. I doubt most of us welcomed punishment for punishments sake without at least the idea pleasure would follow. Slut might be a possible exception, but Rose wasn't. She tolerated punishment for pleasure.

Clang. The trap was sprung provided one more thing happened. She needed to beg me to cum again, as her Mistress. If she were at all concerned what her Mistress would think of her addressing another slave as Mistress and begging her to cum, then punished for it, she was mine, just as surely as Slut now was. The time to explore that was after it happened, not before.

"Let's start with Slut then, shall we? Rose, why don't you get on the bed and Slut will get into position to start licking your lovely cunt, I'll fuck Slut with the dildo like I fucked you. We'll give her the first orgasm, then I shall start spanking her with my hand. After she's had ten strokes with my hand we'll let her start licking you to an orgasm. After ten more, I'll finger fuck her to her second orgasm, then start with The Enforcer. If you have an orgasm, I'll punish you, but not until giving Slut the third one at the end, the freebie to ease her pain. Does that sound okay to you?"

"Fine." Still compliant.

"Lie on the bed and spread your legs. I'd like to watch your pussy while I fuck Slut."

Rose lay on the bed and spread her legs. Just the position would arouse her, as would the people watching her spread out, her bare cunt on display for us. I would talk to her to ensure she was aroused. Slut and I got on the bed in front of her. I positioned Slut so she could easily lick Rose's cunt during her punishment and orgasms. I slipped the dildo into my cunt once more and got behind Slut. Her cunt was dripping. She knew what was happening and that she'd soon be punished. She was ready. I slid into her, making her gasp, just as Rose did, her cunt cleaved by the thick dildo. I wondered how often they were used on them, if it was normal or a special treat to be fucked with one.

Again, nice and slow, not wanting to make Slut cum too fast, savoring the moment, giving me time. "Ask permission to cum, Slut."

"Yes, Mistress." Good girl. I slowly fucked her.

"Rose, may I ask if you're a bit of an exhibitionist?" I asked. "Do you like us watching your cunt while you're all spread out like this? Three women, all of whom you've fucked."

"Yes."

"I thought you might. You seemed to enjoy yourself on Memorial Day, despite all the cocks you needed to serve. I thought it was at least partly due to being naked and exposed to so many people, fucking in front of all of them. I saw how aroused you were when we took pictures today. How wet you became. Lisa and I become aroused when we're tied and suspended like slaves. It's exciting. I was aroused watching you and Slut. The only way I would have been more aroused, was if it were happening to me. But it was more, wasn't it. Your pictures will go on the internet, in the catalog your Mistress puts online. Hundreds, even thousands of people will see your naked body, bound, tied, suspended. I'll bet many will masturbate to your pictures. You're young and beautiful and very sexy. I would masturbate to your photos if Master let me. Do you like the idea of hundreds of people masturbating to your photos?"

"Yes." Cautious, wondering where I was going. I wasn't going anywhere, merely keeping her brain engaged. I wanted her to need to cum, not just possible.

"Can you spread your lips for me, show me how wet you are while we watch you? Don't do anything to make yourself cum. I don't want to punish you if I don't have to."

Rose put two fingers down to her crotch and spread her pussy lips, exposing the tender pink interior. As we watched, another drop ran out of her sheath and trickled towards her anus. She was on fire.

"Put your finger inside you and show us how wet you are," I said. "Don't cum." Telling her not to cum was reminding her about cumming. Not really effective.

Everyone watched her slip her middle finger into her soupy cauldron and bring out a slimy digit. She shivered doing it. A good sign. I increased the speed of my fucking, wanting Slut to cum now while everyone was staring at Rose's liquid cunt. Slut started moaning, almost if she was ready to cum from watching Rose's pussy. The association was easy to make. 

"May I cum, Mistress?" Slut asked. 

"Yes, you may," I replied. Slut climaxed, guttural moans escaping her lips. I waited until I was sure her orgasm ended before pulling out. I took out the dildo, needing to cum myself, but wanting Slut to make me cum, not a fucking fake cock.

"Count for me, Slut. After ten strokes begin licking Rose. Let's see if you can give her an orgasm while spanked." 

Using my hand, I started spanking her, her ass wriggling provocatively. She really did enjoy a spanking, despite how hard I was punishing her and I was using a lot of force, trying to equal Master's strength when he spanked me. She counted. We got to ten and her head dipped between Rose's legs. Rose was squirming in no time. 

"Ask for permission to cum, Rose," I ordered.

"May I cum?" No Mistress, yet. That would change.

"No. I want you to wait until Slut is hit with The Enforcer to see if she can still pay sufficient attention to her task to make you cum when she's being paddled by that."

As I expected, Slut was well trained by Mistress Dark not to lose concentration while spanked. Rose groaned in frustration. I slowed down a little. Not much, but enough, I wagered.

"Please may I cum," she pleaded after four more strokes.

"We're not done with my hand yet. Don't be impatient. It's coming. Two or three minutes is all I ask. A few more strokes of the hand, time for Slut to cum again, which shouldn't take any time at all, then as soon as I start with the paddle. Wait."

Rose's legs were quivering, her back arched, her stomach twitching; her fingers were curled in the sheets, clinging for dear life.

"If you let me cum now, Mistress, you can punish me twice if I cum again."

The magic words. "Very well, SLAVE, you may cum." Exasperation in my voice. Exhilaration in my head, because she was going to cum again.

Rose screamed, cumming, a very powerful orgasm. The ones you're forced to wait for always stronger. I finished Slut's hand spanking. 

"Don't stop licking our little cum queen," I told Slut. "I'm going to fuck you with The Enforcer now."

I picked it up and shoved the handle in Slut's pussy, sluicing through the wet, steamy, stew. I played with a dangling breast while I fucked her with it, speeding her orgasm. She'd get another, later. I'd take my time for that one. She spasmed within a couple minutes, excited beyond belief. I made Rose lick Slut's cum off the handle so I could grip it easier, tasting the girl cum maintaining her level of arousal. Slut just kept licking Rose. I hadn't told her to stop. Testing the Enforcer on my thigh, I started my second spanking. I went slowly, giving Slut every opportunity to work her magic.

Within five strokes, Rose was pleading to cum. 

"Mistress, I need to cum again. May I please?"

"Surely you wish to avoid another punishment, Rose. Only fifteen more strokes. I'm going fairly quickly, only pausing long enough for Slut to appreciate the next one. Why don't you wait until the end, dear. You still have your free orgasm to come."

I glanced at Lisa. She was smiling. I think she'd figured out what was going on. I'm not sure she necessarily approved, but she appreciated the spectacle of bending two other slaves to my will.

Five more strokes. It was like the first time, except worse. Rose looked like a tightly wound spring, waiting for the slightest touch to set her off and she was getting much more than slight touches. She looked like she'd bounce off the bed if she came, every muscle taut, standing out in relief through her pale skin.

"Please, Mistress. Let me cum."

I paused my spanking, allowing her tension to build.

"Are you sure, Rose?"

"Yes, please, Mistress." 

"Okay, you may cum."

She was still cumming when I finished the last ten strokes, the sheets practically ripped from the bed, she'd gripped so hard. I patted Slut's red ass. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 6|
--------------------------------------------
"Lie down, Slut and I'll give you your free orgasm." Not really free. I would own her now when she visited. Only free in so far as her Mistress went.

Slut lay down on her back, her inflamed ass against the mattress, but eagerly spreading her legs for me. I took my time. I tasted her. I nipped, I nibbled, I licked the succulent flesh. The room smelled of sex, reeked of it, as it should. Four women cumming multiple times. Her scent was strongest, right below my nose, but I could smell even myself, I was so aroused. It still coated the dildo. No one had cleaned it after I fucked Slut. I inhaled. The scent of slave, wet, hot, slaves; an odor I was becoming very used to. From even before I became a slave. From when Master suggested I take a taste of slavery. I'd known when he first suggested it I was a slave. I just hadn't experienced it yet. I made Slut cum on my tongue, needy slut. Like all of us.

I got on my hands and knees. "You owe me one more orgasm, Slut. I'd like to see if you can give me one by licking my ass. If I haven't cum in five minutes, you may use your fingers to fuck my cunt, but I want your tongue on my ass the whole time."

"Yes, Mistress."

She proceeded to give me an exceedingly good rim job. Her tongue circled the rubbery rim of my anus in a delightful fashion and when it wasn't enough to get me off, Slut pushed her tongue through the crinkled star and delved as deep as she could with that slick muscle. I'd done it for her Mistress, she could do it for me. She was quite good, perhaps another sign of her love of discipline and humiliation. I'm sure she'd have eventually made me cum with only that, but five minutes expired, so she used her fingers to finish the job. It didn't take long. Having a slave tongue your bung was an erotic power trip and I was ready to explode. I caressed her face and kissed her after to show how much I appreciated her efforts.

"Rose, I guess it's your turn to be spanked. It's getting late. I'm reluctant to spank you with the Enforcer as I'm not sure how you'd explain any lingering redness to your ass when you went home. Even forty with the hand might be too many, and you only have one freebie, which you might appreciate more afterward than before. My suggestion would be that Lisa give you twenty and we save the last twenty for when you come next time. I'm sure our new bed frame will be in the bedroom soon and we can use that. I'd also like to suggest that Lisa give you your twenty today since my hand is still sore from spanking Slut. Would this be okay to you?"

"Yes, Mistress." Good; she hadn't lost it yet.

"Would you mind if I held your hand and stroked your head while Lisa is spanking you?"

"No, Mistress. I'd enjoy it."

I sat on Lisa's left side and when Rose went over her lap to be spanked, Rose's face was near my cunt, smelling me, smelling ripe female. Not a bad plan when dealing with a lesbian. I held her right hand with my left and stroked her face with my right. Lisa started the spanking. I signaled her to go slowly, drag it out.

"I'm a little surprised, Rose, your Mistress would have no problems with us, as females, spanking you and making you cum more than she wished." Rose grew a little stiller, only her bottom quaking as Lisa struck it.

"What I mean is; Master, as a man, doesn't really have any problems with us being with other women. We're allowed to fuck any other women slaves we want with his permission. He's touchier about males, knowing were primarily heterosexual. I think he would have a major problem if we spanked Ron for instance, or gave him orgasms. Master doesn't see women as a threat. Master let us fuck men for the first three weeks of our slavery, but won't anymore, even the ones we've fucked before. It's hurtful to him, which I understand perfectly. Other than expecting our obedience to his orders, he could care less what we did with you. I would think it would be the opposite for your Mistress. Women are the threat to her. She doesn't care if you fuck men. You fuck men all the time as part of your responsibilities to her, though it's under her supervision.

"I would think she would have a real problem with you receiving extra orgasms from me, calling me Mistress, begging for my permission to cum. It would be like you no longer recognized her dominance over you and your submission to her. That any old woman, even a slave like me could make you her bitch. It seems as if it might be hurtful to her, though I don't know her as well as you do. Do you think she might be upset at what you did today? I could be totally wrong. Maybe it's just my Master who would be hurt if I called other men Master, submitted to them, allowed them to spank me and give me more orgasms. I don't know. I'm fairly new to this slavery stuff. What do you think?" 

Rose turned to Slut, kneeling on the floor, waiting for me to tell her what to do.

"Slut, would Mistress be angry?" She asked

"She certainly could be."

"What would she do if she was angry?"

"Punishment for sure. Perhaps more training."

Lisa stopped her spanking, twenty strokes over, but I continued stroking her face, caressing her. 

I spoke up, adding fuel to the fire. "Of course, Master is married to me. If he wanted to get rid of me, he'd have to divorce me on top of it, so I'm lucky. Lisa's not." Though she might as well be, for all anyone else would ever know. "He could just dump her. Send her to some other Master if she still wants to be a slave, maybe the ones she called Master instead of him in the first place. I just don't know how these things work." 

Rose finally realized her spanking was over and jumped up. "Would Mistress send us away?" Rose asked Slut, frantic. I didn't blame her. I'd be frantic too if Master ever decided to send me away.

"Maybe you should ask her; see if she has a problem with it. That way you know."

Rose looked at Slut again, asking, "Should we?"

Bless Slut for saying, "If we're ready to face the consequences if we do." The perfect answer.

"Of course, I have to tell my Master I gave you more than two orgasms. He'll probably ask why I was a disobedient slave and I shall have to tell him. I don't know what he'd tell Mistress Dark. We're doing business now all the time. I'm sure he feels a responsibility towards her and her slaves."

"You don't have to tell him, do you?"

"You want me to lie to my Master? I can't do that. I must tell him the truth."

Rose thought desperately about how she could extricate herself. Of course, honesty was the best policy. Rose had no desire to switch her submission away from Mistress Dark. They were matched. I suspected Mistress Dark had no more desire to send them away than Master did me and Lisa. But it was always a possibility she'd never considered before and the thought terrified her. 

"Don't lie about giving us more orgasms. Just tell him you did without telling him we called you Mistress and begged you to cum."

Gotcha! "If I do this for you; what are you willing to do for me?" Slut knew.

"What do you want me to do?"

"That's a tough one. I can't have any more orgasms than Master allows me." I stopped to think as if I didn't know what would tempt me. The longer I waited, the more frantic Rose became as if I would just not agree to keep my mouth shut.

"There must be something," she said.

I considered some more. "Well, there's maybe one thing."

"What is it? Anything."

"When you were calling me Mistress and begging me to cum, I felt this surge of potent power and I understood how Master feels owning two slaves. It was intoxicating. I could never ask Master, nor any man really, to be my submissive. But having girl slaves is wonderful. I know you can't be my permanent slaves, but I don't want a permanent slave. I wouldn't have time, being a slave myself. But if you'd agree to be my submissive and do as I say when you're around me, to obey me without question as long as your own Mistress gives you no order to countermand mine, I would enjoy the hell out of it."

"You want me to be your sex slave?"

"Sex slave might be stretching it. Master is in control of my sex. What I can ask you to do is limited to things which won't give me orgasms. If Master doesn't prohibit it, I could give you and Slut orgasms. Your Mistress never need know. And we don't have that much contact. It would only be when you're around and your Mistress isn't. I would enjoy having my own submissives for brief times when we're together."

Essentially, I was asking her to be the same thing I was blackmailing her with. Rose realized it. She wasn't dumb. The question was whether she was willing to continue what we'd done today or tell her Mistress and accept whatever the consequences were. Probably not the worst thing she could imagine, but I wasn't asking the worst possible thing either. I was asking her to be the submissive she already was to someone else when her Mistress wasn't around. She looked at Slut.

"I've already agreed to submit," Slut said. 

"Okay, I'll agree," she said.

"Wonderful," I smiled at her. "To seal our agreement. I'd like you to lie down with me and kiss me while I give you an orgasm."

"What about me?" Lisa asked.

"I planned on telling Master I'm responsible for disobeying his orders. You haven't done anything yet. You've not disobeyed. You've given no one extra orgasms. I don't know what Master might do. If you do the same thing with Slut, you become complicit. I don't ask you to do so. I will do the same with Slut as I do with Rose."

"You know I don't like you being punished more than I am. If you're to be punished. I might as well be too. I'll take care of Slut."

"By the way," I said. "Slut's real name is Penelope."

"Penelope, huh? Penelope, would you join me on the bed?" Lisa asked.

I took Rose's hand and led her to the other side of the bed. "Come my dear one. Kiss me while I make you feel good."

We sank into the bed and I kissed her, naked bodies one against the other and I licked two of my fingers and inserted them into her pussy. She inhaled. I captured her exhalation with my next kiss. I slowly finger fucked her to orgasm. Three actually. If she was going to be my slave, she should be rewarded for it. I believe Slut was as pleased to submit as Rose was.

******

We met the others at gym class. This was the last week they'd be able to go with us without buying a membership. They remembered much of what we'd shown them last week, so they worked more independently. We only had to point out a few things to them, but they did well on their own. We took a quick break for water before starting weights. Janet touched my arm, asking me to wait a moment as the others went in the weight room.

"What can I do for you, Janet?"

"First of all, I've decided to accept your offer of employment. I told my manager this morning. I only need to give one weeks notice so I can start next Tuesday. Second, Chen said you spoke to him on Saturday."

"I did."

"Thank you."

"Thank you for what? I just told him the truth. You were curious, you explored those feelings. It didn't mean anything more to you than that. Did Chen discuss it with you?"

"Some."

"Did he seem concerned?"

"No, more curious about what I might be going through."

"How was date number three?"

"It was good. We kissed a little; more than a little."

"And how was the kiss?"

"I could easily have kissed him longer." Janet laughed. "A lot longer if I'm being honest with myself. Maybe all night. I'm a person who doesn't necessarily think three dates is enough to determine if you should sleep with a person. I wanted to, but it's too soon. I think I like him. He seems nice, but I'm not even sure I understand myself, let alone another person. It's the other part of what I wanted to talk to you about. When you come over on Thursday, I want to explore my feelings further."

"With me? I'm not a dominant." Though Slut and Rose might now disagree. I'm not sure I was the one to introduce Janet to whatever submissive feelings she might be experiencing. I was still exploring my own submissive tendencies. And now, perhaps, my dominant ones. Mistress Dark or some long term dominant might be the better choice. 

"It's just that as a sex slave, you might understand what I'm feeling. Plus we're both free that evening."

"I understand why you might not want to explore your feelings with Chen. Either way, you could lose with him. But shouldn't he be aware you want to explore further, so he doesn't get overly worried about your explorations?"

"Before he left Saturday, I told him I might explore my nature further. I said we would be together the night of the poker game and I would ask you to show me more. He said he understood."

"Master doesn't want me having sex with non-slaves, not even women."

"Didn't you say you have a deputy sheriff friend, who cannot be a sex slave full time. Can't I be a slave for the evening so you can teach me? At midnight, like Cinderella, I turn into a normal person again." 

It was true that Marcia was a part time slave. Shit. 

"I'll have to ask my Master. He controls my sexuality. I'll let you know no later than Wednesday what his decision is."

"Why not tomorrow, at your house?"

"Lisa and I arranged for Master to have a slave bedmate while he's gone. At this time of the evening, he may be busy with her, and he has class tomorrow morning. I might not hear back from him until after you leave tomorrow, depending."

"You're letting your Master have sex with other people while he's away?"

"Lisa and I get to have sex every day. It seemed wrong for our Master to be celibate. I'm not afraid of losing him to someone else. My only fear is having to share him with more people than I do currently. Fortunately, those other slaves are primarily lesbian, so hopefully, he comes back alone."

"You're very odd," Janet said.

"You're the one wondering what it's like to be me. This is part of it. Come on, we're wasting time. Our waistlines won't appreciate it, though I guess mine is going to hell anyway."

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 28|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-28|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<i>Dawn explains reality to Scott. Scott agrees Julia may help Janet explore submission. This chapter contains oral sex and regular fucking, and lesbian sex. STD's are not of concern in this fantasy world. </i>

Ch 28 - Missing Master, Pt 2

SCOTT

My alarm went off and I stretched. Zoe's eyes opened beside me. 

"Your slaves told me you like to begin the day with a good cock sucking," she said. "I'm to give you one."

I laughed. "They would tell you that. I'd love a good blow job and as I recall from the one under the dinner table, yours are quite excellent."

"Mistress made sure those who wanted children practiced for many hours until we could do a cock justice. More baby batter in less time, plus for the real picky lesbians who dislike cocks inside them. You can get a man close to cumming with your mouth, fuck him briefly until he cums, and spend as little time with a prick in your pussy as you can. I never particularly minded the prick, I just preferred the pussy. Settle back and I'll take care of you. When we're done, you'll find breakfast in the dining room. Chantelle or someone was up before you, cooking breakfast. Try to be quiet, Marcia got in late so she's probably still sleeping, so if you feel the need to scream when you cum, stuff a pillow in your mouth."

"Who's the screamer? Seems to me the banshee last night was you."

"Shush. You don't need to remind me, sir. It wasn't very ladylike. Be a good boy and hush up."

Zoe ended further repartee by putting my cock in her mouth, sucking me like a good slave until I presented her with my gift, which she happily disposed of by the expedient of swallowing it all.

"Does it taste as good as girl cum?" I wondered.

"Not to me. Marcia, Chantelle or Dawn may have a different opinion. I don't detest it, but I don't love it either."

"Thank you."

"Mistress doesn't want any of us becoming too comfortable with cock anymore, so Dawn will be with you tonight, and so on. On your last night, you can choose to have us both if you wish, but Mistress figures at least we'd be getting some pussy with our prick, so she's willing to make allowances."

"I'll thank her myself."

"You might also want to take a spin at some nursery duty, let someone teach you how to feed and diaper babies, since you're going to be a father. You never know when it might come in handy. Don't leave it to your slaves to work it out between them, though I saw in your contract you intend to have date nights, including one where they get to go out together. It's a marvelous idea. Just remember you can help out at other times other than their date night."

I laughed. "I'll take my responsibilities as a father seriously."

She patted my now limp dick. "You helped make it, you help clean up the shit."

"Does Sam help with the kids? It sounds like he did most of the fathering." 

"He helps a lot. Mostly with Brianna's. It was agreed, he'd be the Dad for them. Vacations, family and such. The others are primarily Brianna's responsibility, but he knows kids need fathers and he's willing to step up and do his part. Sam is a good man. Despite his gender, we care for him a great deal. He's like everyone's big brother, but sometimes nicer and no one should fuck their bother."

I laughed again. "I like him too. I don't care for bullshitters. He doesn't really click on my bullshit meter."

Zoe got out of bed. "The nice part of living here is we don't need to waste time dressing. I'll see you at supper. Have a good day at training." 

She walked out, naked as a jaybird. Must be nice. 

The food was excellent, the drive crappy, the classes good and the day went quickly. I found my way back to Brianna's home in time to dine with the others. I found Brianna presiding over the table.

I picked up her hand, bowed over it and kissed it. "I thank you most heartily for sharing your slaves with me. It's a very kind gesture."

Brianna laughed. "A gesture which your slaves arranged and will make payment for some day."

"Still, five nights for a single night in return, is a very good bargain."

"I like you and you gave me a discount on the bed."

"After last night, I feel it should be more."

"Zoe took good care of you then?"

"Excellent care."

"I get dibs on him tonight," a voice popped up behind me. "I'll fight anyone who tries to say different."

I turned around and Dawn was standing there. 

"And I promise not to disappoint you," I said.

"I'm the type of girl who thinks it's her own responsibility to see to her satisfaction with sex. I doubt you'll have much say in the matter as long as you can get an erection."

I laughed. "Good to know. Give me a couple hours after dinner to study and I'm all yours, all night. Just give me six hours of sleep and I'll be happy. Five if you're really good."

"Plan on a short night then," Dawn grinned, "cause I'm going to fuck you goofy." 

Sounded good to me. "Goofy it is."

******

At nine o'clock, there was a quiet knock on my bedroom door.

"Monsieur Scott," Chantelle said, "Dawn is here to see you. She said you're expecting her."

"I am. Please come in."

Chantelle opened the door, splendid in all of her chocolaty goodness. Dawn was behind her left shoulder peaking over it. Dawn moved around Chantelle and skipped over to the bed. 

"Tsk, tsk, Master Scott, you're not ready for me yet. You still have clothes on."

"I thought you could help me remove them. We're not in a rush, are we?"

"Speak for yourself, sir. You had cunt last night. I haven't had cock in months."

"I helped train you, Dawn. Don't make me look bad," Chantelle said, still in the doorway.

"Thank you, Chantelle," I said. "By the way, the meal tonight was fantastic."

"Merci, Monsieur. I'm glad you liked it. I'll see you in the morning. Bonne nuit. Let me know if Dawn disappoints in any way. I'll let Mistress Brianna know she needs more instruction." She backed out and closed the door.

"You'll need to tell me how you joined this merry band."

"After we've fucked, sir. I'm sure we'll have some down time tonight when we have time for chit-chat." She was pulling the shirt over my head.

"At least tell me what you do here," I said.

"Making slave jewelry, sir. Still learning the more complex things, but they trust me with simple shit." She was undoing my belt buckle.

"What did you used to do?" 

"Sold sex toys, books, magazines and fetish wear, in a sex shop in Fort Myers, FL." Unzipping my pants, tugging them down, taking my underwear with them. Her sheer enthusiasm was already doing wonderful things to my libido. I wasn't fully erect, but blood had started swelling the junk. "Oh my, come to Mama," Dawn exclaimed. "I want to eat you up."

With those words, further speaking was impossible for her; her mouth was full. Speech was still possible for me, but totally unnecessary. Rather than let her do all the work, I grabbed her torso and lifted her over my body into a sixty-nine. There was a piercing in or near her clit, a very tiny landing strip, no long pubic hair, and apparently needed no further instruction in cock sucking. It was buried in her throat. Though my sample size was small; Dawn was as wet as all the other slaves of my experience. Ready to fuck at a moments notice. She spasmed quickly on my tongue. 

Suddenly, she abandoned my cock. Well, only with her mouth. Before I could say squat, her pussy was poised over my shaft and sinking down with a satisfied sigh.

"We can do more of the other shit later, but I just had to have this bad boy in me, sir. It's been too long for the real deal."

"At least we can talk now."

"I don't know, sir. Can't you do something else with your mouth like suck my tits, or at least kiss me?"

I laughed and sucked a tit. She had piercings in her nipples, too. Dawn moaned, her head thrown back, riding me hard. "Oh, fuck! I've missed this so much." She started moving faster. I thumbed her other nipple. "Let me die with a prick in my pussy."

I released the nipple from my mouth and put my other hand on it, pinching it. She moaned some more. 

"Aren't you a lesbian?"

"Nah, mostly straight, sir, but I don't mind cunt. Any port in a storm really," she said, bouncing.

"What are you doing here?"

"Moving away from my shitty family and boring job, learning a trade, trading humidity for dry air." She spasmed again, her cunt exquisitely tight. I nearly climaxed myself, holding back by the narrowest of margins until her contractions eased.

"How did you end up here?"

"Long story, short version. Sam comes to store with Marcia to buy stuff, does stuff to her there. I'm intrigued, come to their going away bash, meet Brianna, agree to being her slave bitch. Have to give notice at work and apartment. Stay with Chantelle and Sam learning slavery while his house closes and Marcia is in California going to cop school. Drive out to California with them. Here I am, missing cock."

"Why attach yourself to a lesbian domme?"

"I like it here. I like the people, the location, the atmosphere, the attitude. I have lots of great sex. Don't get me wrong. Some of the women here are total pussy connoisseurs. Monique, fuck, can that girl munch rug. The strap-ons help, and if I get totally desperate, I can go trolling for cock, but most of the guys you meet that way are total shit heels. I haven't found a situation I like any better, so why change?" 

Dawn orgasmed again, still riding hard. This time, I went with her, though she didn't stop because I'd cum. She rode me right through it, keeping me hard enough to keep going, losing only a little hardness.

"Oh, good," she whimpered, "you're not a single shot pistol. We have a repeater here."

"At most, it's only a double barreled shot gun," I groaned, post-orgasmic sensitive. "After that, I'll need to reload."

"That should be good for another four or five orgasms for me. A good place to take a break. Damn, you have a nice cock, sir. Nice and long, not too fat, not too skinny. Your slaves must love the fucking."

"I think they're happy."

"Oh, trust me sir. They're happy." She slowed down a little, not bouncing so hard. "Mmm, mmm, good. Campbell's Soup good."

I laughed. "You haven't met any male dominants?" 

"I know of some, haven't met them. Not sure I want to. I can go like this awhile. Every once in awhile, a nice prick comes along and I can get a fix, like you, sir."

"Why thank you."

"The thing of it is, I came from a shitty background. Alcoholic mother, absent father, handsy step-dad." She almost stopped moving, doing only enough to keep my erection. "I lost my virginity way too early to the wrong asshole, bounced between some rotten boyfriends and catty girlfriends.

"These people are like family; very friendly family, but family. There isn't a one I wouldn't rather spend the night with than most of the meatheads I'll meet in a bar or club somewhere. I don't want to trade in, because it would feel like a trade down, you know. Really good people are hard to find, at least in bars. These are smart people, sexy people, wide diversity, totally cool. I'm not the only abandoned waif Brianna's taken in. 

"There's a girl here, Lucia, Hispanic from someplace in Central America. Government soldiers killed some of her family, locked up the rest, raped her, tore her lady parts up. She wants to have kids so bad. Brianna's paid for surgeries, counseling. Docs say she'll probably always have trouble conceiving. Sam didn't try knocking her up until the counselors said it was okay, she'd dealt with the trauma as best she could. She's tried her last four fertile periods, but nothings taken hold. She's my closest friend here because we've both had a hard knock life. I don't want to go anywhere else where they don't treat people this way. If I had to do without cock for the rest of my life to live here, I'd do it, no questions asked."

"I'm sorry for your friend."

"Everyone here is sorry for her. It's what makes it such a special place. Marcia and Chantelle have taught her unarmed self-defense. She's a bad ass mother fucker now. Doing good physically, emotionally, spiritually. Only problem she has left is an inability to birth babies, but she'll keep trying. Marcia and Chantelle will give Sam to her all four days she's most likely to have kids. They don't do that for anyone else. Catch as catch can for the others, but they really try for Lucia. We're a family."

Tears started running down Dawn's cheeks. As tough as she looked and sounded, she seemed to have a tender soul. She hastily wiped the tears away on the back of her hands, then put them down on my chest, started fucking faster again.

"Why are we wasting time on this maudlin shit? We should be fucking."

I pulled her down against me and kissed her, then turned her over so I was on top, handling her easily.

"I forget what it's like to be with someone so strong they can move me around like you just did, and when you moved me into a sixty-nine. Girls can't do that. We're not strong enough. It's very sexy, being man-handled in a gentle way."

I picked up the pace, plowing into her hard. 

"Oh, fuck me, Master," she moaned.

Can there be any more marvelous words in the world than a sexy naked slave asking you to fuck them? I didn't know what they'd be. I kept driving into her and she orgasmed again. Rather than ease up and let her ride the wave, I sped up, sluicing through her juicy folds, no resistance to my cock. She moaned louder, her climax building, her body quivering with the intensity. 

"Fuck, fuck, fuck," Dawn whimpered, her legs wrapped around my waist and her heels drumming against my ass.

I smothered her mouth with mine, fucking her mouth with my tongue. She sucked on it, drawing it in. She climaxed once more, and a few minutes later, again, and I went over the edge with her, pumping another load of cream in her cunt. This was it, I was done for the time being. I rolled off her, panting. Her mouth covered my cock and cleaned me off, then joined me at the top of the bed.

"Did I meet your expectations?" I asked.

"Hell, yes, sir, as long as you can do it again."

"You don't ask for much, do you?"

She grinned. "Not more than you're capable of giving, sir." She snuggled up against my side. "I have every confidence in you."

"Did you see any interesting sights on the trip from Florida to California?"

"No, drove right through but for a quick eight hours in a motel one night in Arizona and it was the worst trip I've ever been on."

"Why, the company seems like it would be pleasant enough; Sam and Chantelle, right?"

"Yeah, and it wasn't the company, it was the situation." She twirled some of the hairs on my groin. "Before we left Florida, Chantelle told Sam she loved him and wanted to submit to him instead of Brianna. Sam is crazy in love with Marcia, but he realized he also loved Chantelle. Being the man he is, he had to call Marcia and tell her of his feelings for Chantelle, and stop having sex with both of us. Well he wasn't fucking me, only Chantelle, but they had been working on my oral skills, both men and women. 

"Marcia said she'd decide what she wanted to do and let him know in a day or two, being in school at the time. Sam didn't know if he'd ruined his marriage forever, ended his relationship with Chantelle forever, maybe given up everything. Both Sam and Chantelle were miserable wondering what the answer would be. Marcia didn't call, we're just driving and it feels like we're headed to an execution."

"What happened?"

"We got here, everyone is waiting for us to arrive, like a jury ready to pronounce judgment. Mistress made us slaves strip and kneel. Marcia berates Chantelle for falling in love with her husband and tells her she doesn't want to see her anymore. Sam tells her she should go, he won't leave Marcia, nor disappoint her. Chantelle gets up to go and Brianna makes her kneel again and asks her what the fuck happened. Chantelle tells her. Tried to leave again, but..."

My phone dinged, a text message from Julia. FaceTime with me when you're free.

"Am I free?" I asked. I wanted to hear the end of her story. 

"I don't see a hard dick, so I'd say you're free. Would you like some privacy?"

"My slaves arranged for your presence and are paying for it at some future point. They should see what they paid for."

Dawn nodded and I initiated the FaceTime. 

Lisa and Julia were lying naked on their stomachs on the bed, their heads at the foot of the bed. Dawn and I were lying the right way, Dawn was cuddled against my side. My phone showed me she was visible to my slaves.

"Good evening, Master. I see you have Dawn with you tonight. Is she taking sufficiently good care of you?"

"She's done very well, thank you again for making arrangements for me to have company."

"You're welcome, sir. We have a few things to tell you, sir. I needed to inform you we've done something you might be upset with. We may need to be punished."

It was Monday. Other than gym class and Mistress Dark's slaves coming for photos, they had no plans to do anything today, what kind of trouble could they have gotten into.

"What kind of trouble? I've been gone for one day."

"We may have turned Slut and Rose into our slaves while they were here, Master. Not on a permanent basis, but whenever they come here without Mistress Dark. As part of that process, we both gave them more orgasms than you allowed. We only had the two apiece they were allowed, but we disobeyed your orders."

"How and why did you turn them into your slaves? You do realize if Mistress Dark finds out, she'll be royally pissed and she will deservedly punish you for your temerity at usurping her slaves. You've never been caned. I feel quite certain she'll feel obligated to cane your lovely white asses if she finds out what you did, and I won't stop her. She'll be well within her rights."

They looked at each other, mentally rubbing their asses, I'm sure. 

"Yes, Master. We hope she doesn't find out. We think her slaves will keep quiet about it. The why is a little more complex. I admit it was more my fault than Lisa's. Lisa was pleasuring Slut and I was trying to practice what Master Sam taught us with Rose. I talked to her, engaging her imagination in the process to see how it worked. 

"She became quite aroused and tried to hump my hand to cum. I told her she needed to earn her orgasm and pushed her to her knees to pleasure me. I suddenly felt this overwhelming flare of power over her. It was awesome and I realized how you feel when you dominate us. I wish to remain your slave, Master, nor could I ever attempt dominating my sister slave, but I wanted ever so much to dominate Rose and Slut. I found a way to exert pressure on them to obey and they did and both agreed to become my submissive when they're here. Since we disobeyed you, we're ready to face any punishment you deem appropriate."

"What if the punishment I deem appropriate is for you to tell Mistress Dark what you've done."

They looked at each other again. "The decision is yours, Master," Lisa said. "We'll do whatever you require."

"That brings up the second issue, Master," Julia said. "Janet approached me tonight and asked if I'd help her explore her submissiveness more on Thursday night after gym, while everyone else is playing poker. I would have thought myself incapable of helping her before what happened with Rose and Slut. Now, I want to do it, Master."

"You don't get to have sex with non-slaves. We were quite clear on that."

"She's agreed to be a slave for the evening."

"A part time slave. How does that work?"

"Ask Marcia, sir. She's a part time slave. Even you realized I needed some period of time to determine if sex slavery was just a fantasy or a reality for me. We set ours at three weeks. Jerry and Reneé started with three days to see if they wanted to go longer. Janet needs to explore her feelings before deciding if she wants to go further. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"She doesn't want to explore with Chen for a couple reasons. They just started dating and she doesn't know if he'd want a slave or even if she wants to become one or not. She talked to Chen first to see if he had a problem with it. I haven't spoken to him myself, but she said he has no problem with it. I told her I needed your permission before I gave her a decision, but I'd like to try, sir. I want to explore this dominant aspect of myself which popped up out of the blue. You know Sarah was trained as a slave for a day before Mistress Dark trained her as a Mistress. She felt you were better as a Dominant once you'd experienced submission. I might be good for Janet."

"What do you think, Lisa?" I might as well ask her opinion. She'd witnessed what Julia had done with Rose and Slut.

"I think she could do it, sir. She was quite the dominatrix this afternoon. You would have been proud."

"I don't have to worry she doesn't want to be my slave anymore, do I?"

"Never, Master," Julia protested. "I can't imagine not being your slave. However, the thought of dominating other female slaves does make your slave wet."

"Everything makes you wet, slave."

"It's possible," Dawn said. "There are people who are switches. I'd say give her a shot. She's given you a dose of fun. Let her have some of her own."

"Thank you, Dawn," Julia said.

"Thank you for sharing your stud of a Master. He was just what I needed," she replied.

"Okay. You have my permission to be Janet's Mistress on Thursday. Is there anything else?"

"I asked Janet on Sunday if she'd work for us. She told me she gave notice today and only needed to give one weeks notice so she can start next Tuesday. We have two new employees, both starting about the same time and I asked Chen on Saturday when he came for measurements if we could use his garage. He said we could use it at least until closing, possibly longer if he could get his truck in one side."

"Very good. You've got a lot of work to do. I'm proud of you. Did you have any more to report?"

"Nothing else, sir, except we were wondering if we could watch you fuck Dawn, or at least watch her suck your cock for us?"

I was a little surprised they would want to watch, but it excited me to think they would.

"Do you want to be a movie star, Dawn?" I asked.

"Oh, good, my first porno film, starring role," Dawn giggled. "Grab your popcorn and your soft drinks, ladies. I'm not going to stop 'til he pops."

Lisa and Julia laughed. "We're ready, plenty comfortable."

While I held the FaceTime camera on the action, Dawn started sucking my cock. Apparently, Julia felt she needed to try Sam's tricks on me too.

"How does it feel having your wife slave and lover slave watch you have your cock sucked by another woman, Master? Do you like us watching? We're masturbating each other, sir." 

I glanced at the screen instead of Dawn and saw she wasn't lying. Their hands were stroking each other, their pussies wet and flushed. I thought of reminding her she couldn't cum without permission, then remembered it was between six and midnight. They could fuck and cum all they wanted. 

"She's a well trained slave, sir. She's got your whole cock in her throat. I'm so happy we chose well for you."

My entire cock is right. Her lips were caressing my balls I was buried so far in her throat. Julia's teasing and commentary had me harder than I had any right to expect given I'd cum twice already. 

Dawn got in the act, pulling off my cock, a wet pole. "I'm going to put this fantastic cock in my hungry cunt. Get a close up of this for your slaves."

I adjusted the zoom and zeroed in on her pussy sliding down over my cock. 

"Julia, you lucky girl, fucking this hunk for the last ten years. I hope you appreciate this cock," she moaned when I was all the way in.

"I appreciate his cock more than you know," Julia replied. 

"Does Dawn have a nice, tight cunt, Master," Lisa asked.

I groaned at something Dawn was doing with her pussy, clinging like a glove as she rose up, then sliding down, cling, slide. 

"Like you, Lisa," I moaned. "Apparently not enough cock the last few months." 

"Fuck her, Master," Lisa said. "Fill that slave cunt with your cum."

I couldn't really do much fucking, holding the camera. Dawn would have to do the actual fucking, something she was perfectly willing and able to perform. Resting her arms on my chest, her bottom rose and fell, riding me hard, cumming, letting her audience know she was cumming, not her little secret. Julia and Lisa climaxed too, their fingers sliding through each others slick snatch, matching Dawn moan for moan. I could hardly believe I was holding a camera so my slaves could masturbate to their Master fucking some strange slave. 

I was getting close, the unimagined eroticism of it making my balls churn. Tight twat, slippery sex, depraved audience; all doing their part to make me cum. Dawn shuddered through another orgasm, making her pleasure known, putting on a show for my wife and lover.

"Give me about fifteen seconds warning before you cum, sir," she whimpered. "I have a special video treat for your slaves."

I couldn't begin to imagine what she had in mind, but I could do as she requested. She managed to cum a third time before I realized the ride was almost over. 

"About fifteen seconds now," I said, grunting gruffly.

She popped off my cock, her cunt dripping in her cum and she put her mouth over it, not covering me, but just above my dick, jacking my cream covered cock. She looked at the camera, her audience, and when I started to spurt, I shot into her open mouth. 

Since she left her mouth open, much of it immediately dripped out, running over my cock, my balls, my belly, into my pubic hair; very little actually needing to be swallowed. Unwilling to stop there, she milked my cock, encouraging the last few drops to spill out, then lapping it with her tongue, like an ice cream cone. I heard Lisa and Julia cum again, but was unable to take my eyes off Dawn. 

Drained to the last drop, she cleaned my slimy shaft, never taking her eyes off the camera, barely blinking, a show. Then she lapped up the sperm on my balls, holding them up for the camera so they could see her doing it, sucked the cum out of my pubes, licked it from my stomach, cleaning every drop of the mess she made, swallowing it all.

Finished, she licked her lips. "Did you enjoy the show, ladies?"

"Very much, Dawn, thank you," Julia said.

"I would very much enjoy you watching it in person," Dawn said.

"Maybe the next time we come there," Lisa said.

"I'll make you lick your Master's cum from my cunt," she said.

"Promises, promises," Julia said. 

Dawn laughed.

"Anything else, slaves?" I asked.

Julia thought a moment. "Jack texted Lisa Sunday night after we texted you. We initially thought it was you texting Lisa. He's trying to get her to meet up with him. She told him no and his texts got quite rude and nasty. We blocked his number and after the OB appointment on Wednesday, we'll file the paperwork for a restraining order."

"How rude, how nasty?" I asked.

"Just shit calling her and me lesbian whores and the like. I assume he's tried contacting her since then, but since his number is blocked, we don't receive any of it. We saved the texts to show why we need a restraining order. He's such a stupid ass." Lisa was nodding in the background. 

"I don't particularly care for his tone. You want me to send Ed and Rob Strong over to speak to him?" They looked like thugs even though they were fairly tame. It might cool him off.

"It shouldn't be necessary," Lisa said. "It sounded as if his new marriage isn't what it was cracked up to be and he's hoping I'll give him a return engagement. He'll get the message eventually I don't want him in my life again. The restraining order should take care of it."

"Be careful and let me know if he does anything else stupid?"

"Of course, Master."

"I'll be considering an appropriate punishment for your disobedience and let you know later what it will be."

"Yes, Master. Good night, Master. Thanks again, Dawn, for taking care of him for us."

"My pleasure, ladies, and I mean that sincerely," Dawn said, settling beside me again. 

Everyone hung up, severing the connection.

"Who's this Jack guy?" Dawn asked, yawning.

"Lisa's ex-husband. He had an affair with a co-worker, divorced Lisa, married her. Sounds like happily ever after wasn't in his future."

"Sounds like a dick."

"Oh, no question. I never understood him. Had a beautiful, intelligent wife, who would do anything for him; left her for someone who's half the woman she is, though a little bit younger, and generally acted like an ass. I thought Lisa was better off without him, though she was pretty miserable after her divorce. Of course, being left for another woman doesn't do much for your ego and self image, and Lisa was always domestic and romantic, someone in love with the idea of love and being a wife and mother. When your dreams get shattered, even if it's the other persons fault, you feel like you're a failure. It wasn't until she joined us, she really perked up again, became the person she was before, because she's got two people to be a spouse to now."

"You love them immensely, don't you?"

"More than words can express," I said. "I want to hear the rest of the story about you, Chantelle, and Sam and what happened when you got here. What happened next, after Chantelle told Brianna how she wanted a different Dominant?"

"Brianna made Chantelle surrender her slave collar and cuffs. Chantelle asked if she could have a couple days on the estate to make arrangements to leave, call her parents, whatever. Brianna said she could, and tells the other slaves to say goodbye and everyone went up to Chantelle, hugged her, kissed her, including me. We all thought she was gone. Goodbyes said, she started to leave. 

"Went all the way from the pool to the door, if you remember how far that is. No one says a word. It's like her final walk to the gallows. Brianna's done with her, Marcia says she's done with her. Sam can't say anything. He's afraid his marriage is in the crapper and he's going to let Chantelle walk away rather than further jeopardize his marriage. 

"I had a big lump in my throat. I'd seen how much they cared for one another and I'd grown close to Chantelle in the three weeks I spent with her, fucking her, fucking this Joe guy with her. But I knew Marcia, too. Knew her before I met Chantelle. Liked her, liked Sam. It was all a fucking mess. Chantelle's almost gone when Marcia calls out to her that Chantelle hasn't been dismissed by all the Dominants yet, which was strictly true, because Marcia wasn't in slave mode, which on the Estate means you're a Master or Mistress. There's only two classes of people here, slaves and Doms. 

"So, Chantelle drags herself back dreading this moment. She kneels again and asks what a slave can do for her, and Marcia demands she lick her cunt. Chantelle licks it until Marcia cums, then waits for further orders, Marcia's cum on her face, unwilling to make the lonely walk under all eyes again until released. 

"I think she's crying, not aloud, but tears trickle down her face. Marcia next orders her to suck Sam's cock until he cums all over her face. Chantelle hesitates. She's being told to do the very thing that got her into trouble with Marcia, suck the cock of the man she loves, but instead of swallowing, she has to take a facial. Marcia says something like, 'You risked all for this fucking cock, why won't you suck it now?' 

"The tears are streaming now. Sam's in a state, as miserable as Chantelle. He can barely get hard, despite not having sex for like three or four days. But Chantelle's a damn good cock sucker so she eventually gets Sam to squirt all over her face and it's covered, I mean positively drenched with sperm. Chantelle squeezes out every last drop in his balls and smears it on her face. She stays there on her knees, Sam and Marcia's cum dripping off her face, weeping. 

"You can't imagine how pitiful she looked; utter despair, like toss her on the garbage heap now, depressed. She'd given up her Mistress, hoping for Sam, and lost everything, even the love of Marcia who she loved as much as she loved Sam. Her whole existence was in the shitter. She couldn't get any lower if she climbed down a deep well to drown."

"It sounds horrible."

"It was. I was crying too. Like Romeo and Juliet, they seemed to be star crossed lovers, doomed to death and destruction."

"So, how do they all end up together?"

"Because while she's kneeling there on the ground, this pitiful mess of miserable fucked up slave, Marcia hands Sam a new collar and tells him to collar his new slave. Chantelle is stunned, Sam is stunned. I think everyone is surprised except Brianna, Marcia and Zoe, who handed the collar to Marcia. Marcia lays out the new rules for accepting Chantelle as a temporary slave, like a test before deciding to make it permanent. Marcia is top slave, doesn't make any difference if Marcia's in slave or Mistress mode, Chantelle will always do what she tells her. She claims Sam three days a week where no one else gets to fuck him but her. Oh sure, the rules were relaxed since, as they've figured it out, and they're all crazy for one another, but man, to start, you'd never have believed it could be running so smooth now."

"Marcia was pretty harsh," I said.

"You think so," Dawn asked, "because I don't. I don't know your whole story, just bits and pieces, but I know your wife invited Lisa to join you, and she's a female, so you wouldn't have much of an objection to it. I know you've shared Julia with other men a few times, but it tore you up to do so, and you don't want to do it anymore. 

"Imagine, if you can, that you shared your wife with someone, a temporary gig you think, maybe a weekend or a week, because you're off somewhere like you are now, and you don't want to leave her alone. Not another woman, like Lisa, but a man, whose nice big cock's been fucking every hole of your wife while you're gone. and now you're coming home and you want to get back to the way things were, just you and her. 

"But no, Julia and this fucking dude she's been shacked up with have fallen in love. She doesn't want to give you up, but she wants you to accept him as her other lover. Maybe this guy will swing both ways, suck your dick, take it up the ass, so it's fair for both of you, provided you like guys enough to do him. 

"That's what Marcia faced. Primarily a heterosexual female, who though willing to lick a little cunt, loves cock, loves her husband, and all of a sudden, she has to share him with another woman who loves him. Share her bed, watch them have sex, day after day, night after night. Sure, she gets to have sex with her too, but it's not her normal nature. She didn't get married to climb into bed with another woman who's in love with her husband. She can't even be totally sure if her husband even loves her anymore. He says he does, but he fell in love with another woman. Does your wife still love you if she wants to bed another man? Would you feel like she did, even if she told you she loved you more. How harsh would you be if the tables were turned? 

"I don't think you give Marcia enough credit for how incredibly gracious she was to invite this other person into her home. I'm not even sure you understand how gracious your wife is to arrange for you to have sex with other slaves for a week. 

"She is Marcia in this story. She's already given you another fucking slave, for whatever reason she chose or wanted to do so, but she's given you more than you've given her. You don't want her having sex with other guys anymore. It hurts you too fucking bad. And now you have two slaves to fuck, anytime you want, any way you want. And you go off for a week and she gives you more slaves to fuck; women, her emotional competitors, because you could fall in love with them. 

"Zoe's probably the safe one for her, even if she was your girlfriend in college. She's happy where she is, doing what she is, more into girls than men. I'm bisexual. I love cock. I could be the Chantelle in this scenario. She shares you with me, we fall in love, you ask her to accept another fucking slave in her house. Two of them not enough for you. She loves you so fucking much to do this for you. I hope you deserve her."

I was stunned. Stunned partly because she was talking to me this way, a relative stranger and a fucking Dom she was serving at the moment, but more stunned because she was telling the truth of it. Truth I hadn't seen. 

Julia had sacrificed a lot for me, and she was continuing to sacrifice. I hadn't asked for Lisa, done out of Julia's generous nature, for Lisa as much as me. But I hadn't rejected her either. If one slave was good, two were better. 

I was somewhat noble about it, not fucking her until I was sure she could be submissive, but happy it happened. Perhaps it was more Julia's nature, to sacrifice for me, but I hadn't really given her credit for the sacrifices either. 

The scenario painted by Dawn sucked. If faced with that choice, I'd be divorced, no question. But if Julia didn't have Lisa, would I have given her a male replacement the way she gave me a female slave. If I was honest with myself, I wasn't that generous. 

Even when I had shared her with other men, I had control; as much as I could grasp. The where, the when, the how long, with me there to make sure things didn't get out of hand. She had imposed no similar restrictions on me. She could assume I wouldn't be fucking anyone while in class, but the rest of the time, I could pretty much do anything I damn well wanted. 

She'd watched me fuck Dawn. I don't even know if it hurt her, or if she put on a good front. I was concerned with whether she had sex with a non-slave Janet. Of course there were other reasons, Chen being one of them, but some of it was me, my need to control. 

On the other hand, wasn't control the definition of a dominant. I needed to control. But neither one of us had been either of these things two months ago. I didn't need that fucking much control before. But now I was talking about sex. It had started because of the sex; sex outside of marriage. Which brought me to my original point. Julia was sacrificing to me more sex outside marriage than I was willing to give her. 

I even restricted how much sex Julia and Lisa could have together, six to midnight, half of which was taken up by other things. I told myself they'd never get anything done if I allowed them unlimited sex because their slave needs were so high, but would they really not get other things done, or did I resent the sex they were having; the almost unlimited sex, whereas I was confined to the limits of my cock. My head was ready to explode. I had to make sure I was the man who deserved her.

"I'm sorry if I put a pin in your balloon, Master," Dawn said, her hand on my arm.

I looked at her. "I'm not. I'm glad you pointed this out. I don't think I quite appreciated how extraordinary the women Sam and I married were. They really are remarkable. You've given me a lot to think about, and a lot I might need to talk to Julia and Lisa about. I don't think I've been totally fair. At the very least, I should tell them how much I appreciate them, especially Julia. A question for you. Since you understand this so well; much better than me apparently, why did you agree to fuck me knowing what Julia is sacrificing?"

"You mean other than my pathological need for cock, sir?"

"Yes," laughing, "other than that."

"To honor her sacrifice. Both their sacrifices, really, since it seems to be a joint decision on their part. If they love you enough to make it, I should do what I can to make it good for you, so you enjoy it. Because their sacrifice was worthless if you don't. Do you think they wanted to watch tonight because they wanted to see another woman get fucked by you? They were watching to see if you were enjoying their sacrifice. I wanted them to know I was doing what I could to make sure you did."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
I was silent. 

"Don't overthink it, Master. You have some very loving and completely unselfish slaves. They love hell out of you and I'll do my part to make sure you enjoy yourself while I satisfy my need for dick. Just be worthy of them. Don't ever make them regret what they did for you."

"I do love them, too."

"I'm sure you do, sir. I'm sure you'll have a chance to prove it to them one day." She grabbed my limp cock. "Now do you think this bad boy has enough left to fuck me once more before we sleep, or should we take a brief nap first? I still have to honor some slaves sacrifices."

I laughed. "Why don't you see what you can do to get a rise out of the old boy? I might have one more left in me."

She stopped with her mouth poised over my cock, and I swear her eyes twinkled. "Lets give it the old college try then, shall we," just before her mouth descended over me. I could feel the blood rushing into my dick even before it found a place tucked into that warm, wet cavern. I also had a sacrifice to honor.

******

JULIA

"It looked as if Master is having a good time, doesn't it?" Lisa said.

I sighed. "I hope not too good."

"We knew what we were offering when we offered it."

"We did." I looked at Lisa. "Why don't you get the strapless. I need to get fucked in the worst way. Oral alone just won't get it done tonight."

"I know what you mean. Tonight I need to feel something big and hard in my cunt."

"Exactly. Something big and hard; something like Master. And we don't even have that much time left. Watching Master fuck Dawn took a lot of our allotted time."

"I'll be right back," Lisa said. She jumped up.

Lisa did a wonderful job of fucking me tonight. I orgasmed plenty, but as well as she filled my cunt, it didn't fill the little hole I felt in my heart.

******

Tuesday, we worked like dogs all day, taking brief breaks for lunch and supper. Working took my mind off Master. Zoe told me when she let me know her Mistress approved of my request that Master would be offered both slaves his first and last nights, but otherwise they'd be taking turns. So it was Zoe's turn tonight. Sometimes, I didn't know which one was worse, the pregnant one he used to love, or the pretty, young, non-pregnant one he fucked last night. Tonight was yoga-swim night and at least we didn't have to go anywhere. We could stay nude until Janet and Reneé arrived. 

At 5:15, Master called. He must have just gotten out of classes. He couldn't even be back at Brianna's yet.

"Good evening, Master. How may I serve you?" I asked. I waved Lisa over and put him on speaker. We were still in the basement working.

"Is Lisa with you?" Master asked.

"I'm here, sir," Lisa piped up.

"Is there something wrong, sir?" I asked.

"Nothing is wrong. Everything is right, perfect." Oh no, didn't he even miss us? "I just wanted to let you both know how happy you make me. You make my life worthwhile and nothing would be worth living without you both." Good, perhaps he did miss us. "Maybe I don't say it enough, so I wanted to call and tell you how much you mean to me." Tears started leaking out of my eyes.

"Is there anything else, Master?" I asked, hastily wiping my face, and sniffling like a little schoolgirl.

"A whole lot more. I've been unfair to you and Lisa. I want to remove your sex restrictions with each other. You can have as much sex as you want, any time you want while I'm gone. Twenty-four hours a day if you wish. It was selfish of me to restrict you." 

Lisa and I looked at each other, our eyes wide, our mouths open. 

"I'll trust you to get your work done, but if you need sex breaks, or whatever, it's fine." This didn't sound like Master at all. "Another thing. As long as you check with Chen, and he's okay with it, you can help Janet explore as much as she needs to. I'm sure Chen would much prefer you guiding her instead of a man." This didn't sound like Master at all, not the words. The voice sounded the same.

"I've decided what I'm going to do about your disobedience. You must tell Mistress Dark what you've done." My heart sank. "If she decides to punish you both, you'll bear the punishment. If she feels she must discipline her own slaves, you will volunteer to take the punishment for them." 

This sounded like Master. "You can wait until I return before you do and I'll go with you when you explain. Perhaps I can discourage a more severe punishment."

"Yes, Master." I thought about the cane, the marks I'd seen on Slut's ass, marks which lasted for days. Well, I'd asked to be branded and those marks lasted forever.

"I thought about what you'd done and how I'd feel if someone tried to usurp my slaves. It wasn't a pleasant feeling, thinking someone else could take you from me, even if only temporarily."

"Yes, Master." 

I was worried I could lose Master, letting him fuck other slaves while we weren't even there to compete. I'd been miserable all day. I could understand how it might feel the other way. 

"I understand. Your punishment is just."

"I just want you to know how much I love you both, and I will always love you both and I can't wait to see you again, to thank you in person for your generosity and love for me."

"Thank you, Master."

"I need to go now. Only three more nights without you. Expect to be royally fucked on my return."

"Yes, sir, thank you sir. We look forward to it." It didn't sound as if Master was growing tired of his slaves. We hung up.

"I'm not looking forward to telling Mistress Dark what we did," Lisa said.

"I was the one on the power trip. I'll take the majority of the blame, Lisa. It's my fault. You just let it happen. I'm sorry."

"Equal partners in everything, Julia. I knew what you were doing, most of it anyway, and didn't stop it. It's my fault, too."

I kissed her. "You make a very good sister slave."

She rubbed her bottom suggestively. "Life's a bitch."

I laughed, thinking of my own.

******

Both Reneé and Janet were at the house by seven. 

"Janet told me you've asked her to work with you as well. That's exciting. We'll all be working together," Reneé said. She was stripping off her clothes again, her top already gone. 

"Before you undress, Renee, I want to make sure it's okay with Janet," I said.

"Are all of you more comfortable being nude for your exercise?" Janet asked.

All three of us said yes. That was a no-brainer for us. Yoga didn't involve a lot of bouncing, so we didn't need sports bras to protect the puppies, and swimming nude couldn't be beat.

"Have you heard back from Scott about being able to work with me on Thursday night?"

"Master has given me approval to work with you whenever you request provided I discuss it with Chen. He does not want Chen upset with us. They've been friends for many years."

"Will I be required to be naked on Thursday?" Janet asked.

"Submissives are frequently naked. If you want to explore aspects of submission, you can expect to be naked for many of them," I replied. "It is my intent you be naked on Thursday."

"Then I may as well get used to it," Janet said, removing her own clothes, though she had many more than us, folding them neatly on the patio furniture. "I'm glad I'm losing weight. Being naked when you're fat is uncomfortable."

I looked at her critically. "Whoever told you you were fat."

"The ex-boyfriend."

"Your ex was an asshole. I'd take anything he ever told you with a grain of salt. Maybe you're carrying a couple pounds more than you need. Maybe. You could use a little toning up, but I don't see you as fat at all. I don't know a single man who wouldn't give his left arm to fuck you, just the way you are. What do you think, Lisa?" 

"I'd happily bury my face in her pussy? Reneé?"

"I wanted in her pussy since I've known her. You can't imagine how much I enjoyed her in mine."

Janet blushed, and we could see she got red all over when she did.

"As far as I'm concerned, making you ashamed of your body was an aspect of his emotional abuse," I said. "We'll work on strength, toning, endurance and flexibility aspects of your body, but weight isn't a fucking issue. You needn't carry any shame for the way you look."

"Thank you," Janet said, still embarrassed.

We started the yoga workout. Many aspects of it gave us the opportunity to talk.

"Do you want to be a naked sex slave, Janet? I thought you hated the whole idea of submission?" Renee asked, knowing she was willing to explore it.

"I did hate it. When you told me what you wanted to do, I thought it was detestable. I couldn't imagine the man who'd want to control another woman that way. I thought they'd be monsters. I thought the women who submitted were sick, pitiable things. I wondered why you'd do something like that, why any woman would. You seemed perfectly normal to me. 

"Then I met the others, and as far as I can tell, none of you are mentally ill, your relationships to your Masters seem incredibly strong and even loving, and none of the men seem to be monsters. When you said you were punished and your Master would learn to whip you, it disgusted me. But when I witnessed it, saw how Scott told Jerry how to do it so you weren't harmed, and how you could climax from the punishment, it aroused me. When you punished me, it was painful, but not so painful I couldn't bear it. 

"I don't know if I want to be a slave myself. I don't know enough about slavery or even myself; how I would respond to it. The only way to know for certain is if I experience it, starting slow, learning more about it, and more about my response to it. Julia said I may be open to some aspects of submission, without necessarily wanting to be a slave."

"When Julia told me what she wanted to do, I did some research into the topic of BDSM, in which sex slavery would fall. There is a very wide spectrum along a BDSM continuum," Lisa said. "It can extend from tickling, to being tied down or blindfolded during sex, possibly the use of handcuffs, forced orgasms, orgasm denial, sensual spankings, whippings or paddling such as you experienced at one end, all the way to more extreme fetishes such as breast or pussy torture, body modifications and piercing play, animal play, edge play, electric stimulation, hot wax, sadism/masochism and bathroom play. 

"Our Master and Jerry tend towards the mild end of the spectrum where sexual arousal and eventually orgasms are important aspects of our play, hence the use of the term sex slave as opposed to just slave. Master doesn't want beasts of burden. He wants willing sex toys as sex partners. 

"I think Julia would agree with me that we're unqualified to help you explore the extreme ends of BDSM, because they've never been within our experience either. All we could demonstrate would be that which is familiar to us. If you want, Wikipedia has some excellent information you should read before trying to decide what you'd like to experience for yourself. If you want more knowledge, a dominant by the name of Mistress Dark may be able to instruct you, or possibly demonstrate more extreme aspects of submission. 

"We can put you in touch with her. She trains submissives and dominants, and operates a website. Master sent me to her before he accepted my submission as I'd never been enamored by the novels which intrigued Julia. He wanted to ensure I knew what I was getting into before I began my slavery. I commend your desire to learn about it and yourself, but you do realize Chen may not be interested in a sex slave don't you, assuming you're still interested in him as a partner."

"Lisa is right, but it also doesn't mean he wouldn't be interested in tying you up for sex, or using sex toys," I said. "The spectrum for dominants is obviously as wide as that for the submissive. You can't have one without the other. I can show you what I'm familiar with. In fact, I learned yesterday I might enjoy teaching aspects of it. Only Chen knows what Chen is thinking and it's why Master wants to make sure he knows what I'm doing and if he has no objection. If he does object, you'll need some other way to learn about yourself."

"Chen said he doesn't object to my knowing myself and it would be important to him for me to learn what I want for myself. I don't want him thinking I'm some kind of pervert and that he could do anything to me. I worry about talking to him about this stuff, afraid he won't like what he learns about me, but I'm determined to know."

"I would think knowing how compatible you are is an important aspect of knowing if you want to be with someone," Reneé said. "Finding what you're willing to accept and he's willing to tolerate is crucial. It's best to know things before you've put a lot of time and effort into a relationship, only to find you have a major incompatibility somewhere. I don't think you must match one hundred percent, but some things are more critical than others. It's why a submissive has a safe word. There may be something a Master is willing to try but a slave cannot tolerate."

"And remember," Lisa said, "this type of play requires a high degree of trust. Trust is established over time and with knowledge. I knew Master and Julia for many years. I trusted Julia without question and trusted her appraisal of her husband. But additionally, I witnessed his treatment of her before deciding to ask to join. If he'd mistreated her, his wife, why would he treat me any better? The knowledge you and Chen gain about each other will help you establish trust. Not even necessarily trust for a slave relationship. It could be trust about any relationship. You'd want to know he won't do the same thing your ex did; that he'll treat you with kindness and respect, honor your wishes, help you aspire to your hopes and dreams, won't tear you down, and will love you as you deserve."

"I appreciate the advice everyone. I can't believe how kind you are."

"Don't mention it, Janet," I said. "I - we - like you a lot and I think we'll be great friends. Besides, if you do end up with Chen, and I hope you do, you'll be living next door, in addition to working at our company. Best to get off on a good footing with your employees and neighbors, don't you think? Besides, you might not think I'm kind after I've finished with you."

******

"I can see why you like doing this nude," Janet said, getting out of the pool, the water sheeting off her naked body. "I've never been skinny dipping and this is great. No cold, damp swimsuit, the water flowing over your bare skin. I'd happily do this every time I go swimming."

"I'd like you to stay for a several minutes if you could, Janet. I'd like to speak to you. Remain nude. Lisa, please stay as well."

She nodded, wondering what I wanted. Everyone said goodbye to Reneé, the hugs we gave her naked ones, before she dressed.

"Please have a seat," I said, inviting her to sit in one of the chairs on the patio, the warm, Fresno night air not allowing us to become chill. "Before beginning to explore your feelings about submission on Thursday. I wanted to discuss some things with you, but even before that, I need to call Chen. I wish you present for the call. He will know you're on the phone. There will be no secrets about what I'm doing. Do you understand?"

"I think so."

"Submission, or sex slavery in Lisa's and my life, is a state of mind, as much as it is about sex. It's a natural order of things, not merely Master telling us to do something and we obey. I'm a sex slave, no matter if Master is here with us or not. It permeates our lives. If you want to understand this, who and what we are, and why, you need to comprehend this state of mind. My spending a few hours with you once or twice a week will never allow you to understand. If we do this for you, it needs to be an every day thing. I'm not saying I will work with you every day, only that you will be in a full time state of submission, beginning today. Is that agreeable to you?"

"I don't know. I suppose it depends on what you're asking of me all the time."

"Fair enough. The first thing I'm asking is for you to address me as Mistress every time we speak, publicly and privately. If we are out in public, you may use ma'am or Miss, but you will always address me with respect. Can you do that?"

She didn't answer immediately, thinking. "Yes, I can do that."

"I can do that what?" I said.

Comprehending, she said, "I can address you respectfully, Mistress."

"Very good. Next. From now on, you may not wear slacks, pants, underwear or anything which restricts access to your cunt. When you work, eat out, shop, you will only wear dresses and skirts with nothing underneath. Your body essentially belongs to me from now on. Around your house, you will be nude, constantly. You may wish to adjust your thermostat to compensate for your lack of clothes. The one exception to that rule is your exercise clothes at the gym. That is the only time your cunt will be covered, including your dates with Chen from now on. Your sexuality will also belong to me. You may not have orgasms without my express permission, beginning immediately. Do you understand and will you comply?"

She was silent a lot longer this time, considering where she went and what she did every day, how she would dress. I waited. She needed to understand what her consent would mean.

"Yes, Mistress," she answered.

"Since your sexuality now belongs to me, I want you to masturbate while I'm on the phone with Chen. You may cum. This will be the last time you have permission to cum until Thursday, though I will ensure you're kept in a state of high arousal from now until then."

Again, the delay as she considered my orders. Finally, she spread her legs and started touching herself, blushing.

"You should acknowledge all orders," I warned.

"Yes, Mistress, I'll do as you say." She kept masturbating.

I picked up my phone and called Chen, putting it on speaker.

"Hello,"

"Good evening, Chen," I said. "I'm here with Janet and Lisa and you're on speaker. Janet has indicated to me she was interested in further exploring her feelings and attitudes towards submission and has asked that I try to help her understand. She's said she's spoken to you and expressed this to you, telling you."

"She did."

"Master has indicated to me, I may help her explore these feelings as long as you know and have no objection. Do you have an objection?"

"I don't believe our relationship has yet extended to the place where I feel I can object to anything Janet does. She's a grown woman and she's able to do what she wants. I'm not her Master, nor even her husband. I should have no bearing on what she does."

"Very commendable, Chen, but Scott wants to ensure he does not harm his relationship with you. I'm not the only person with whom Janet can explore her nature and feelings with. You met Mistress Dark. She could instruct Janet as easily as I and possibly, with more skill and understanding. You have no relationship with her to harm. She could do this instead of me. Let me say this. It is not my intention for any man to be involved in this process during the initial stages of her exploration nor for anything more demeaning or worse to occur than what happened Memorial Day, and none of it with men. Would this particularly offend or bother you?"

I'm sure he was casting back in his memory for what happened, considering if only women doing it would be an issue.

"I don't think I can be certain one way or the other."

"Thank you for your honesty, Chen. Perhaps it would be helpful to establish a baseline in your feelings for each other. At this moment in time, do you, Chen, like Janet, and hope to continue dating her, exploring where your relationship stands and hoping for more?"

"I do. I like her a lot."

"Janet, do you like Chen and do you hope to continue dating to see where this relationship can go?"
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
The fact that she was masturbating during this conversation must have been arousing to Janet. She appeared close to cumming.

"I like him very much and would like to continue dating no matter what," she said. I motioned to her to continue. She realized what I wanted. "Mistress."

Janet held her breath and it was only with the utmost of effort that she kept from screaming as she brought herself to release. I motioned to her to keep going, keep touching herself. I don't know if Chen could hear it over the phone, but I could hear the slick sounds of her fingers squelching through her cunt.

"Janet, do you foresee any changes in your desire to continue dating Chen regardless of what you discover about yourself?"

"No, Mistress," she replied.

"Do you consider yourself to be lesbian or bisexual?" I asked.

"No, Mistress."

"Do you realize as part of your exploration that I will require you to have sex with women, both giving and receiving. Does this alter your desire to explore and continue?"

Janet paused. "No, Mistress," she finally answered. 

"If Chen didn't want you to continue if you were having sex with women, would it alter your desire to proceed?"

"Maybe, Mistress. I don't know. I like him and want to continue dating and I'd have to think long and hard about continuing, but I'd be torn."

"Chen, the ball seems to be in your court. Janet may not be able to proceed without your approval. Will it bother you greatly if she has sex with women?"

Chen laughed. "Not greatly. I suppose it would if she never wanted to stop. Right now, I'm mostly sorry I couldn't watch." Janet spasmed again, biting her hand to keep from making a sound.

"Perhaps that could be arranged at some point," I said. "If she's a true submissive, she should get used to having sex in front of an audience." Chen laughed again. "I'm making her masturbate herself while we're having this conversation. She's cum twice while we've spoken. I think she likes masturbating while hearing your voice."

Janet glared at me, but still squirmed harder, knowing Chen realized what she was doing.

"Really? I wondered what that sound was."

"Wonder no more. It was the sound of fingers sucking through soaking wet flesh. When I told you what she was doing, she orgasmed harder."

Chen laughed again. "Look, I can't promise you how I'll feel in a week or a month. I don't understand my own feelings about the matter any more than Janet does. I imagine I prefer she do her exploring with you rather than Mistress Dark after the way Ron came back from her. I'll try not to alter my feelings for you or Scott because she's asked you to help her explore. I think we can work through most things. I'd have a bigger problem if men were involved because I'd feel less important to her. I promise to try keeping an open mind about things. I appreciate you trying to keep me in the loop."

"Do you want to be kept apprised of what she's doing?"

"As much as it might help me fuel my fantasies of Janet, I'd feel like a voyeur. I'll let her figure out where her head is at without spying on the whole process. If you make any major changes to what you're doing, let her speak to me about what she's doing so I can reevaluate my own feelings on the matter. Janet, if you're listening, I now need to masturbate myself, I'm so fucking hard."

"She was listening Chen. She just climaxed again."

We heard him laughing as he disconnected the call.

"You must stop masturbating now, Janet." It was with great reluctance she pulled her hand from her sopping pussy. "Stand up, Janet, and follow me into the house."

I walked her back to the bedroom, Lisa holding my hand. I kept talking, explaining.

"As I said before, submission is a state of mind. It's always with me. I want it to be with you constantly as well, at least until you figure it out for yourself. Even now, instructing you, I'm a submissive. If Master were here and told me to suck his cock to orgasm, I'd do it in a heartbeat. I'm going to help you with that process, to understand that state of being. Being naked and having your sex uncovered is part of it, and so is giving someone else control over your pleasure. Constantly wearing the signs of your submission is a third. There are more before you go today. The first are slave positions. I'll show you two tonight. I want you to practice these two for fifteen minutes when you get home tonight, another half hour tomorrow. You'll be expected to perform them perfectly for me on Thursday. The first one I will show you is called the Display position. If I or Lisa tell you to display. This is what you must do. Show her the display position, Lisa."

Lisa displayed. We still hadn't had sex since Master had told us we could. Watching Lisa display made me want to fuck her. Slaves are so beautiful when they display. I kissed her. Fucking would have to wait.

"Please position yourself like Lisa." 

"Yes, Mistress." Janet tried to copy Lisa's position. I made her spread her legs a little farther apart, stand straighter, put her elbows back, pulling her breasts up.

"You can see why this is called 'display'. Every feature of your naked body is on display for your dominant. They can touch you anywhere. If you were being sold, they might use this position to show you to potential buyers to inspect the merchandise. They could touch you, handle your breasts, your cunt, your ass." 

I didn't touch her, but my hands went very close to her skin as I pointed to various parts of her anatomy. I could feel the heat of her. Her nipples were hard. She was flushed.

"The second position is 'kneel'. Lisa will demonstrate and I want you to duplicate it exactly." Lisa did and Janet copied her. I pushed her knees farther apart with my foot. "Again, this position exposes your assets to your dominant. It is frequently a prelude to you sucking a Master's cock or a Mistress's cunt, or for other sex, since you're now on your knees. All your dominant must do is push your torso forward and your buttocks up and you're positioned for fucking doggy style. Do it now, rock forward on your hands and show me you're ready to fuck."

"Yes, Mistress." 

Janet presented her cunt and sex to me. Her sex was wet, several orgasms and our appraisal of her naked body doing it for her. I trailed a finger lightly through the crack of her ass. She shivered.

"Have you ever been fucked in the ass before?" I asked.

"Yes, Mistress."

"Did you enjoy it?"

"Not much, Mistress."

"It doesn't sound as if you were properly prepared for the experience. As a submissive, you get to establish where your boundaries are. If it turns out you are submissive enough to engage in submissive scenes, would you allow your dominant to fuck your ass?"

Janet paused, "Do you get fucked in the ass, Mistress?"

"Lisa and I are three hole sluts. We get fucked everywhere. Though I don't expect it to happen again, I've been fucked in all three at once. I love for my Master to fuck my ass. Almost as much as when he fucks my cunt. Sometimes, we'll cleanse our asses for him so we can suck his cock after he fucks our ass. I would be horribly disappointed if he never fucked my ass again."

"Cleanse your ass, Mistress?" Looking to Lisa for confirmation.

"We have enemas until we feel our rectums are cleaned out. I imagine it's not for everyone, but I don't mind sucking his cock after we've been prepared," Lisa said. "It's not as bad as you might think. It's voluntary on our part. Master never asked for us to do it."

"I'm not sure I could do that, Mistress."

"Like I said. You establish your own boundaries. I'm not saying you have to go ass to mouth," I told her. "But I'm curious if you would entertain ass fucking, because if you would, I'd like to properly prepare you for a good experience."

"How would you do that, Mistress."

"With the use of anal plugs which you'd wear for several days in increasingly larger sizes. It accustoms your anal ring to being stretched. It's how I was prepared for when Master fucked me in the ass."

"Had you ever done it before, Mistress."

"Once, drunk, on a wedding anniversary. It wasn't pleasant. It was painful."

"But you like it now, Mistress?"

"Very much."

"I'd like to defer on that question for now and give you an answer after more consideration, Mistress."

"Very well, you may get in your kneeling position again." She rocked back on her heels.

"You were going to plug my ass tonight, Mistress?"

"If you agreed. I would have done it immediately." I showed her the plug I had in mind. The smallest we had.

"It doesn't look that big, Mistress."

"It's not. You can almost forget this one is in there. With others, it's not possible. You always know it's there."

I picked up my collar, removed before our exercise tonight. "The other thing I want you to do is wear a collar and cuffs. The collar is a symbol of your submission. The cuffs allow you to be easily bound or confined, hands and feet. I want to put them on you now, and you will wear them all the time when you're not in public. You may take them off when you go to work, but put them on again immediately when you're back in your car. You'll carry them with you. You may also remove them to shower as they're good leather. But you'll sleep in them, eat in them, watch TV in them, read in them. They'll help reinforce your state of mind."

Lisa said, "I don't think Master would want you surrendering your cuff's and collar, Julia."

"Lisa's right. Master wants us reminded of our submission all the time," said. "It's not permanent," I told Lisa. "We'll buy some for Janet when we're out tomorrow. She can return these on Thursday. In the meantime, I'll wear my bondage jewelry. Bow your neck, Janet."

She bowed her neck and I fastened the collar around her neck, tight enough she'd be reminded of its presence. As I fastened it, I spoke.

"Do you promise to serve as my submissive for as long as our arrangement lasts, to obey my orders, comply with my wishes, and submit fully within that arrangement?"

"I do, Mistress."

"Do you promise to obey any order which Lisa might give you as though it came from me?"

"I will, Mistress."

"Since we really haven't established much in the way of your boundaries yet, we'll have to learn them as we go. As such, you need a safe word. You need a word which you're not likely to say in normal conversation, but which, if uttered, makes everyone around you realize that whatever is happening, needs to stop."

"Would 'kumquat' work, Mistress?"

"Kumquat should work fine, hard consonants, not easily confused with any other word. If you say kumquat, I or Lisa will stop whatever we might be doing at the time. If any other participants are present, they'll be made aware of your safe word. I'm giving you homework between now and Thursday, Janet. I want you to read the Wikipedia article on BDSM Lisa referenced, and any links contained within the article. I want you to identify anything which has you curious and anything which you believe you would detest. There may be some things in gray areas, which you're unsure about. Make lists of all three. If I'm going to help you explore, I want to know what you're willing and even eager to explore, and stay away from what you're not. We'll discuss the gray area items."

"Yes, Mistress."

"I'm also going to give you one of my sex slavery novels. I want you to start reading it, though I don't expect you'll have it read by Thursday. When you finish, I want your reaction to it."

"Yes, Mistress."

"The last thing you'll be required to do is related to my control of your sexuality. Once every hour, while at home and not sleeping, you will masturbate yourself. You are ordered not to cum. You must stop just before you cross the threshold. I want you in a perpetual state of arousal without the ability to reach satisfaction. If you do cum by accident or because you disobeyed, you will text me, day or night and inform me of your transgression. You will be punished for each occurrence of orgasm on Thursday, twenty swats for each, the first twenty with my hand, the next ones with paddle or whip. I'm going easier on you than Master goes on me because you're merely exploring, whereas I'm already a sex slave. Now stand and display again."

Janet jumped to her feat and displayed, getting it right this time. While she was displayed, I fastened her wrist and ankle cuffs.

I finished and took her chin in my hand, forcing her to look at me.

"I am your Mistress. You are mine now. How do you feel?"

"Mistress?" Questioning.

"I realize you recently masturbated and might still feel the residual affects of your climaxes, but if I were to touch your cunt right now, how close would you be to cumming?"

"Very close, Mistress."

"Now you know how Lisa and I feel most of the time. You need to trim this bush," I said, pointing at her pubic hair, but not touching her. "You don't need to shave it like Lisa and I do, but cut it back and trim it to no more than a half inch in length. Go get dressed, no underwear."

Janet hesitated. "Aren't you going to touch me, Mistress?"

I laughed. "No, slave, you don't get to cum again until Thursday." I smacked her ass. "Get moving. Show me your underwear when you return so I know you've obeyed."

She scampered to get her clothes. I put on my slave jewelry and Lisa put on her leathers.

"You're very mean," Lisa said, "not letting her cum again."

"Dominants are frequently mean. She might as well get used to it." 

I found one of my favorite sex slave books. One I tended to read certain passages of with some regularity before my own slavery started. Now, I only had to remember my own experiences, and I couldn't masturbate anymore, so there was no point.

Janet returned, holding her bra and panties, carrying her bag with the exercise clothes she'd brought. I handed her the book.

"Other than receiving a text from you if you cum, I'll see you tomorrow at the gym."

"Yes, Mistress."

"Lisa, please see this slave to the door and lock up after her, then you and I are going to fuck like minks until we can't fuck anymore. I can't believe how aroused I am."

Lisa laughed. "Yes, Mistress," she mimicked.

"Don't start with me."

"No, Mistress. I wouldn't think of it," she mocked.

"I'll smack your ass too, wench. Don't think I won't."

"I've been craving a heavy hand," Lisa said, laughing, "and a wet tongue. I don't know which I want more. Oh, who am I kidding. I want your tongue much more."

Lisa led Janet out and locked up. She returned and we had sex. We were taking a break, drinking some water, when I saw Master had sent a text asking me to call several hours ago. It was 10:40 now. We called.

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 29|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-29|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<i>This chapter discloses the last of Scott's trip to LA and what happens to his two slaves in his absence. This chapter contains oral, anal and vaginal sex, lesbian sex, masturbation and sex toys, bondage and discipline including spanking. Our protagonists discover they will be having a house guest for some time.</i>

<b>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 29 - Missing Master, Pt 3</b>

SCOTT

When I got back to Brianna's, Zoe was waiting for me.

"Chantelle made a nice dinner for us at Sam's. We'll be eating there tonight instead of with the others."

"Wonderful. Is Marcia here?"

"No. She's working evenings through Thursday. She's off on Friday."

"Do you know what we're having?"

"No, only that it will be good."

We had thin slices of beef cooked in wine with a burgundy sauce, jasmine rice with vegetables, a fresh garden salad with a homemade vinaigrette dressing, with a fruit crepe for dessert. All of us with a glass of red wine, except the pregnant Zoe. Another outstanding meal by a superb chef. Two men, two naked slaves, and a meal to kill for.

"Dawn was telling me about the story of how you acquired Chantelle as a slave. It was quite a story. I'm happy to see it worked out for everyone."

"It looked like it was touch and go there," Sam said. "I'm very lucky Marcia could see her way to accepting Chantelle. I couldn't have done it if our positions were reversed. I'm not that self confident or gracious."

"Yes, Dawn pointed out to me how lucky we both were to have slaves willing to arrange companionship for us on while we were alone. For Julia, it was strangers essentially, not like Lisa when she invited her to join us, someone she already knew and liked." 

"How did you like Dawn?" Sam asked.

"I liked her a lot. She's very perceptive."

"I know, right. She looks a little like a flake, very brassy and impertinent. You'd think she wouldn't have a thought in her head but the name of the latest hit song, but she helped me a lot after Chantelle announced her affection for me. I was completely flummoxed when it happened. Didn't have a clue what I should do." Chantelle laid her hand on Sam's arm and squeezed. "She's got a good head on her shoulders and an amazing heart."

"She also told me about Lucia. Poor girl. I hope she can get pregnant somehow."

"It won't be from lack of me trying," Sam said. "We all promised we'd do everything we could."

We finished the meal and Zoe and I helped clean up. 

"Do you need to study tonight?" Zoe asked as we put the last dish away.

"I need to spend a little time on it, yes."

"My suggestion to you is to bring what you need to the nursery. They have comfortable chairs there. You can study and if one of the babies needs to be fed or changed, I'll help you take care of it."

"Not too much screaming and crying?"

"No. The reason there are people there is to take care of hunger and diapers, which are the main reasons children cry. Give it a shot. You can always leave if it's too noisy, but they'll mostly be asleep."

So I went to the nursery with Zoe. As she said, the kids were mostly sleeping. One was nursing, so he must be a hungry little beast or hadn't gotten onto the same schedule as everyone else. The one who was nursing wasn't on a real teat. They had a small bag like contraption which they slung over a breast with milk in it. I asked Zoe about it.

"It allows everyone, even men, nurse a child like a real mother would." Zoe whispered. "So when Julia has her child, Lisa could also nurse it and bond with the baby, as well as you. Everyone holds the baby the same so feeding is consistent. It gave everyone here a chance to be like a mother, and the real moms didn't have to wake up all night to take care of the babies, and get sleep once in awhile."

"Where can you get them?" I whispered.

"On line if you can't find them locally. I'd like to introduce you to Lucia. She's the one nursing the baby. She tends to haunt the nursery."

"The one was who was traumatized when she was younger?"

"One and the same."

"Please. She doesn't get jumpy around strange men?"

"Well the only men around here is Sam and now you. Obviously, there are always other women around, so she's never alone with one, but mostly, the counseling helped substantially."

Zoe led me over. "Lucia, this is my friend, Scott Rivers, who is staying with us this week while he attends a class. Scott, this is Lucia." She spoke quietly to keep from waking the sleepers.

I put out my hand. "Buenas noches, señorita. Como estás? Es un placer conocerte."

"Muy bien, seńor. Gracias por preguntar." She took my hand without disturbing the baby. "I can speak English quite well, Master Scott."

"Probably much better than I can speak Spanish."

"I didn't know you could speak Spanish at all," Zoe said. 

"I've had to pick up some. Almost half of my employees are Hispanic."

"How do you know Zoe, Master Scott?"

"We dated in college before she really understood she preferred women."

"Why was your wife and other slave unable to come, Master?"

"She has a doctors appointment tomorrow, her baby doctor, and she's quite busy working on bed frames for Mistress Brianna and Master Sam."

"That's right, she's pregnant too. She's a carpenter?"

"She is now. She helped me in my carpentry business when I first started it, so she learned a lot with me."

"My father was a carpenter. I learned much from him as well."

"I heard what happened to your family. I'm very sorry."

"Thank you, sir. There's a fertility clinic in Fresno I've been trying to get an appointment at for months; Sturgis Obstetrics. I heard the doctor might help me conceive."

"Sturgis, that's Julia's doctor. The one she has the appointment with tomorrow."

"Your wife had difficulty conceiving as well, sir?"

"No, she was Julia's doctor before she began the fertility business. She's been Julia's gynecologist since she was in high school."

"I know you don't know me, sir, but is there any chance you or your wife might be able to help get an appointment?"

"We can ask at least."

"Thank you, sir. I'd be most indebted to you."

"I'll send Julia a text asking her to call me when she's free. She should be exercising with three other women right now."

"Muchas gracias, señor."

"De Nada." I sent the text.

I was in the nursery until just pass nine. It was relatively quiet. Zoe and Lucia spoke softly to one another. I changed my first diaper. When I finished studying, Zoe and I went back to Sam's. They'd gone to bed already, though they certainly weren't sleeping. Lights were on and the happy noises of sex came from under their door. 

"Sounds like what we should be doing right now," I whispered.

"All men think about is sex," Zoe said, grinning.

"Sex slaves think about it much more than I do. I'm lucky I haven't been fucked to death." 

Zoe laughed. "It does weigh heavily on our minds."

I hadn't undressed yet since returning from class, still wearing slacks and polo. Zoe helped me remove them. 

When I was naked she knelt and took my cock in her mouth.

"Wouldn't you be more comfortable on the bed?" I asked.

She looked up at me, still holding and stroking my saliva covered shaft, and said, "I enjoy small moments of subservience. As long as it won't take more than a few minutes for you to get hard." 

No problem of that, blood was already rushing to my prick. I nodded and it disappeared back in her mouth. In two minutes, Zoe was standing, leading me to the bed, my freak flag waving.

"Do you have a problem with me driving tonight?" she asked. "Missionary is becoming uncomfortable."

"Not at all."

She pushed me on the bed and climbed over me. "I wouldn't do this for just anyone, you know," sinking over my cock.

"I know, and I thank you so much for your contribution to my sexual well being." 

"De nada."

******

I was comfortably wrapped around Zoe's body, half awake and half asleep. Dawn hadn't let me get much sleep last night, and I was tired tonight, though my dick was thinking about an encore performance tucked between Zoe's fine ass. The phone rang and I answered it. 

"Hello, Master. I apologize we didn't get your message earlier," Julia's voice said. "What do you need."

"Having sex, were you?"

"Yes, Master. We were kind of desperate. I was going over some things with Janet tonight before I sent her home that got me wound up."

"We can speak of it later. Do you remember Lucia from here at Brianna's?"

"Young Hispanic woman?"

"The same. She's been trying to get an appointment with Dr. Sturgis for several months on a fertility issue. It's quite a tragic story. We were hoping you might speak to Dr. Sturgis tomorrow about her case and see if you could speed up the process."

"I can try talking with her. What's her story?"

"I'm going to give the phone to Zoe. I'm sure she knows it better than I do, hold on."

I handed my phone to Zoe and after exchanging pleasantries, Zoe went over the sordid details of Lucia's gang rape, her lack of proper medical care after the rape before coming to the US, the months of counseling and doctors visits, the seeming lack of progress. It was horrid. What a tragedy. Julia promised to speak to Dr. Sturgis to give her the details and see if she would look at the case. When they were finished, Zoe handed the phone back to me.

"What types of things did you go over with Janet tonight?" I asked.

"We discussed submission and slavery as being a state of mind. I put a collar and cuffs on her and told her she had to wear them constantly when she wasn't working or exercising, told her she couldn't wear underwear anymore, must go naked around her house, showed her a couple slave positions and told her to practice them, and told her she had to masturbate once an hour while she was home without completion until she saw me Thursday. I gave her a homework assignment to read about BDSM and to identify those areas she was interested in learning about. I also gave her one of my slave novels to read and talk to me about when she was done, though she has more time to finish that than the homework."

"Nice. I see you're really taking this to heart. Whose collar and cuffs?"

"Mine Master. I'm wearing the slave jewelry now. I intended to get Janet her own tomorrow so she can return mine. I'll have it back on no later than Thursday. We also spoke to Chen. I made Janet masturbate while we were talking to him. He agreed he had no current issues with Janet attempting to discover her nature. If we wanted to introduce men into the equation, he might be bothered. I don't foresee Chen having issues at this time, Master."

"Very good. Have a nice time tomorrow, let me know what the doctor says."

"Of course, sir. I think you should lick Zoe's cunt for us sir, to thank her for putting up with you."

Laughing, I said, "You do, heh?"

"Yes, sir. And you should do an excellent job of it, since you're doing it for us. None of those slapdash Master lickings. Give her a proper slave licking." I laughed again.

"Got it. Anything else?"

"No, sir. Goodnight."

"Goodnight girls."

I hung up and turned to Zoe. "My slaves inform me I'm to give you a proper 'slave' cunt licking in return for having to put up with me."

Zoe spread her legs. "What are you waiting for, sir?"

I not only gave her a proper 'slave' licking; I gave her a proper 'Master' fucking, because one good turn deserved another.

******

JULIA

Lisa and I went back to having sex. We had sex until three AM as tomorrow was going to be somewhat of an off day. I had a doctors appointment at eleven and other than the OB, I had to buy Janet a collar and cuffs, and file a restraining order. No work unless you considered working out to be work. When we woke up in the morning, we even had time to fuck again, giving each other two quick orgasms, since Master lifted our sex restrictions. 

We both went in for my appointment. The nurse was still kind of snotty. I really don't know what her problem was unless she didn't have anyone to love and I had two. 

"Why isn't your husband here? Did he leave you?"

I was the bigger person, maybe. "No he had to go to LA on business. That's the nice part of being a throuple. I'll almost always have someone who can come with me."

She muttered under her breath. "Probably off sleeping with some other bimbo."

I made sure she knew I had great hearing. "He's not fucking one, he's fucking two I helped set up for him. One is a lawyer and more pregnant than I am. The other one's in her early twenties and quite the fox. I wouldn't call either one of them bimbos." 

Lisa tittered. 

She didn't know if I was pulling her chain or not. Or not would be the correct answer. She left until the doctor came in.

"How are you feeling?" Doctor Sturgis asked.

"Great. Taking my vitamins. Eating right. No alcohol or drugs, sufficient sleep. I have a bunch of questions for you today."

"Do you want to see if we can see the sex of the baby first?" 

"That would be wonderful," I said. "But I'll ask while you're working. Lisa will keep track of the answers for me."

"Go ahead." She wheeled the sonogram equipment over, turned it on and applied some gel to my belly, my previously flat belly which now had a decided bump on it.

"Lisa and I work out every weekday. Kickboxing and weights on Monday; no combat, just kicking a heavy bag, yoga and swimming on Tuesday and Thursday, Zumba and weights on Wednesday and spin class and weights on Friday. I was wondering when I needed to lay off some of the exercise routines?"

She paused for a moment. "I'd give up the kickboxing at the end of the fourth month. You can probably continue weights for most of the pregnancy if you restrict the amount. No more than 30-40 pounds, dropping lower the deeper into pregnancy you go. You'll probably need to avoid any squats or any exercise which puts too much pressure on your baby. You can kind of let your body tell you when to give up Zumba and spin class. You get too ungainly and it won't do much good anyway. Certain yoga forms you can do until you deliver, others, the baby will get in the way. Swimming is good exercise, not too much stress on the joints, the water helps with the extra weight you're carrying. Generally speaking, the delivery will go easier if you keep up your exercising as long as you can, and it will certainly help you get back in shape afterward." 

She started running the wand over my abdomen, the picture appearing on the screen. "There we are. Everything looks good so far, normal development to this point and look here," she pointed to a minuscule speck on the screen. "It looks like you're going to have a baby boy unless my eyes deceive me."

"A boy? Mas...Scott will be so happy," Lisa said. She almost slipped up. Admitting you were a throuple was one thing. Admitting you were a sex slave something else entirely. Dr. Sturgis already wondered why I wanted to be branded. If I told her it was to show my ownership to my Master, it would definitely be problematic.

"Scott would love a boy," I said. "He'd love a girl too, but a boy will be wonderful."

I let her finish up and put everything away.

"About the other item I asked about at the end of the last visit?" I asked hopefully.

"I didn't find anything that said it would harm the baby, but it may be no one's ever researched the subject before. I'd like to err on the side of caution. I never think trauma to the mother is particularly helpful to the child. If you really want to do it, wait until after the baby is delivered."

"My husband and Lisa will be happy to hear. Neither of them were happy about my wanting to do it."

"I looked at some examples, and they seem ugly to me. I think a pretty tattoo would look much nicer. I have a couple myself."

"I agree," Lisa said. "There are some gorgeous tattoos. Why spoil your lovely skin?"

I was probably fighting a losing battle on the subject. I might give it one more argument, but it would have to wait until after the baby is delivered. At that point, I could probably get the piercings I wanted anyway.

"There's one more favor I'd like to ask. There's a Hispanic girl we know, named Lucia. She was brutally gang raped by some soldiers when she was a teenager in some Central American cesspool. She had very poor medical care after the injuries and suffered damage to the reproductive organs, hopefully, not permanent, but she's having trouble conceiving. Had some surgeries and other care by some top notch people, but no luck thus far. She heard your clinic has helped with patients like her and she's been trying to get an appointment for months, but you're booked solid. More than anything, this poor girl wants to have children. She wouldn't be a charity case. She has both insurance and someone who will foot any extra expenses. Is there any chance you could see her sometime in the next couple months? Please. It would mean the world to her."

"Julia, you give me some of the toughest problems. Poor girl. I tell you what. We just had a cancellation next week on Friday from someone who unexpectedly got pregnant. I'll hold the appointment open for her. Have her doctors email me everything they have, including all x-rays, cat scans, the whole ball of wax tomorrow. No later. I'll look at it tomorrow night. If I think I can help her, I'll pencil her in for the appointment. We'll probably need some other preliminary tests done, so she'll need to be here Monday morning to start the tests. Is that a problem?"

"No, Scott is coming back from LA on Friday. She can ride with him and stay with us as long as needed. We'll make sure everything gets done."

"She lives in LA? They have some great doctors there."

"I believe she's seen them all. You might recognize the names on her medical records."

"Okay. Tomorrow. I won't hold it longer than that."

"She'll be thrilled to hear. Thank you so much, Doctor Sturgis. You're a life saver." I gave her a peck on the cheek. "Thanks for checking on the other thing for me."

"Oh, nonsense. Here's my card with my e-mail address on it. Tomorrow, hear?"

"Yes, ma'am."

We paid our deductible and headed to the courthouse after stopping for lunch at a BBQ. I had the biggest craving for some ribs. I got a half slab and a salad so I could still say I was eating right. At the courthouse, Lisa and I both filed restraining orders, since he quasi threatened both of us. We showed the clerk the disgusting texts he'd sent. 

"Have you got anymore since Sunday?" He asked. "These aren't very recent, maybe he's calmed down."

"I don't know. We blocked his number," Lisa said. "I'll unblock it and see if anything comes through."

She removed the block and the text alert noise went off over and over for several minutes. Apparently, they got stored in the ether, just waiting for her to remove the block. Lisa handed the phone to the clerk. She had no desire to see what other shit he'd sent.

"Some of these are threatening violence," he said. "You won't have any problem getting your temporary restraining order. Copy the last fifteen of these texts and e-mail them to me. I'll attach it to your request."

Lisa did. "Can I delete these now?" She asked.

"I wouldn't just yet unless you print them all out first, so you have a record to bring to court."

"Why do we have to go to court?" I asked.

"This is a temporary restraining order, good for sixty days. To be made permanent, you must go to family court and have a judge rule on it. This is your court date." He slid over a document listing the courtroom, day and time for our hearing. "Deputies will attempt serving the restraining order on the other party, but it might take a few days. You can call the police if he makes any attempt at contact in violation of the restraining order and it will subject him to arrest, though he probably won't be held more than overnight unless he's committed some other crime." 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
Wonderful, a day in court for an asshole who doesn't deserve another minute of our time. "What happens if he doesn't show up to court? Do we have to go again?"

"No. If he doesn't show up to fight it, the judge makes it permanent."

"We can still block his number can't we?" 

"Yes, but you may not want to, at least after a few days. Attempts to call and text would be violations of the restraining order. Once you know it's been served, if you unblock the number, you can call the police if he continues to contact you."

"Do we get notified when Jack has been served," Lisa asked.

"You should be notified."

"Let's block him until we're notified, otherwise you won't be able to leave your phone on," I said. "It looks like you got over 200 texts from him since Sunday. Check your e-mail and see if he's attempted contact that way, too. Let's see if we can block his e-mail address. What a fucking jerk!"

We thanked him for his time and headed to a place we could buy Janet's slave gear. The place Master had taken us at the beginning of our slavery was too rough and too sleazy for us. I wouldn't go back to that place without a male escort and I wasn't going to call one of our friends to go to a sex shop with us. I did know of a place I'd bought some racy lingerie at before, crotchless panties, and peek-a-boo bras, that I seemed to recall had a selection of higher class sex toys and maybe some light BDSM gear. If I didn't find anything there, I'd go to Petland and buy a nice dog collar, medium sized dog for the neck, smaller dog collars for the wrists and ankles. 

My memory served me well. The place did have a selection of nicer stuff. We picked out some things we could play with, even a nice leash. I thought again how nice it might be to make Zoe my bitch. I don't know why, since I was the one who arranged for Master to sleep with her, but for some reason, seeing her sexy and pregnant on Master's bed, under his covers aggravated me, almost as if Master had made her pregnant, even though I knew he hadn't. More hormonal emotions, maybe, nothing to do with Zoe and everything to do with me.

We had our exercise gear with us, so we didn't need to go home, and it would be out of the way to do so anyway, so we ate out for the second time and since Master was out of school and on his way to Brianna's, I sent him another text.

Doctor Sturgis holding appointment for next Friday until tomorrow. Beg, borrow, steal all Lucia's medical records and e-mail to Dr. Sturgis tomorrow. She will review the file tomorrow night and if she thinks she can help, will pencil in the appointment. More tests may be required, starting Monday. Suggest bringing Lucia home with you, letting her stay with us while medical visits necessary. We can see she makes it to doctor and lab tests. Let me know what's decided so we can prepare welcome.

I took a picture of the doctors card with her email address and sent it with the text.

Suddenly remembering the other, more important news, I had to impart, I sent another text. Congratulations, Master. You're having a son. Oh, and we filed restraining order against Jack. Temporary, sixty days. Must go to court to make permanent. Rah. 

I should have led with that news, but que sera, sera.

We met the others at the gym. I asked Janet how she was doing.

"You're fiendish!" She exclaimed. "I can't believe you're making me masturbate every hour and won't let me climax. It's all I can think about."

"What about the collar and nudity? Are you feeling a change in your state of mind?"

"I don't know if it's a state of mind or a state of plumbing. I'm wet all the time. I feel I should be wearing sanitary napkins. I've had to wipe my legs a couple times; I was trickling."

The rest of us laughed. We knew exactly what she meant. 

"A slave has to be ready to fuck at a moments notice. Master doesn't want to get us ready for sex. He wants to have sex. I swear the only time I don't have vaginal fluids flooding my cunt is immediately after a shower," I said. "The second my collar goes back on, I flood. There seems to be a direct connection from my collar to my cunt. I doubt he's had a seconds worth of difficulty shoving his prick in my pussy since I became a slave, and it's not because I'm not tight. I work hard to keep a tight twat. If I wore underwear, I'd be washing them constantly. It gets worse if I'm tied or bound in any way. I've orgasmed from being displayed and sold for sex. You got a taste of that when I made you display for us. The slightest touch could have made you cum. If anything, it will become more pronounced as you go deeper into submission."

"I couldn't believe it when Julia first told me she was cumming all the time. It didn't seem possible the sex could be that good. Only once I began to experience it did I realize what she meant," Lisa said.

"Lisa and I bought you your own collar and cuffs. Are yours in your car right now?"

"Yes," Janet admitted.

"I'll replace yours tomorrow. I don't want to do it tonight. I want to go home and fuck Lisa. On the whole, I don't get enough fucking for my taste."

"You'll find one of the worst ways a Master can punish you is to keep you from having sex and orgasms," Lisa said. "You're only getting a whiff of it. Try wearing a Slave Trainer for several hours or a day. Being denied a climax once an hour is a breeze and it's only while you're at home. Imagine if it was at work, or at night while you're trying to sleep. You'll realize Julia's being kind to you, not fiendish." 

"Doesn't feel that way to me now."

"It will before we're done," I promised. Janet shivered.

Exercise went well. We were all hot and sweaty when we finished. Lisa and I took showers there since we had clothes to wear. It meant we could get right to it when we got home. My clothes tended to be loose and flowing, so as not to impede Master's use of me, but when I put my clothes on after showering, some of them seemed snug. I might have to go out and buy some maternity clothes, soon. Maybe this weekend. Master could go with and help pick out things he found sexy. As if he could still find my body sexy anymore. Around 10:45, I got a text from Janet. She'd gone too far and climaxed. After one AM, I got another, saying she'd orgasmed again. I wasn't surprised to get another text at 7:30 AM saying she'd slipped up some more. Submissives find it difficult to avoid cumming. I'd learned that early and often.

******

SCOTT

I burst into Brianna's dining room screaming, "I'm going to have a boy!"

Sam stood up and patted me on the back. "A chip off the old block. Way to go, man."

Brianna stood up. "Julia's doing all the work. Sam just orgasmed." Smiling, she gave me a hug, as did every other one of the women there. Zoe said, "Congratulations, Dad." Dawn whispered, "Going to need to celebrate tonight, won't we?" I laughed.

"More good news," I said. "Lucia has a tentative appointment with Dr. Sturgis next Friday. They're holding the appointment open through tomorrow, but every medical record from her condition needs to be emailed tomorrow at the latest, including any x-rays, CAT scans, MRI's or whatever has been done. She'll review everything tomorrow evening and if she thinks she can help, will make the appointment permanent." I looked around, "Where's Lucia?"

Dawn said, "She grabbed her food and brought it to the nursery. I'll get her." She disappeared.

"If Dr. Sturgis takes her case, she'll need to start some tests and lab work on Monday. Julia suggests Lucia come back with me and we'd make sure she made it to every one of her medical appointments."

"Are you sure it won't be an imposition, Scott?" Brianna asked.

"You've put up with me for a week. I've got three empty bedrooms. It won't be a problem. Your bed frames might not get done as fast, but I'm guessing that's not a huge concern at the moment."

"No, not at all," Brianna confirmed. "It's the least of our worries."

Dawn and Lucia came back, both of them kneeling in front of Brianna. Dawn had a huge grin on her face. "Dawn said you needed to see me, Mistress."

"Tell her, Scott."

"Julia spoke to Dr. Sturgis today. You have a tentative appointment a week from Friday, provided we can get all of your medical records emailed to her tomorrow. If she agrees to take your case, you'll be staying with us awhile."

Lucia's eyes widened. "Is this true, Mistress?"

"Of course it's true." 

Dawn hugged Lucia. "I told you it was good news, amiga."

Lucia turned to me. "Muchas gracias, señor. I am in your debt."

"No you're not. It's just friends helping friends."

"Stand up, Lucia," Brianna said. "You may hug Master Scott." Lucia was up in a flash and her body crashed into mine, clinging. 

"I cannot thank you enough." 

I patted her back. "I hope it works out for you."

"Zoe, please ensure everything Dr. Sturgis needs is emailed to her tomorrow by noon. I don't want to delay this in the slightest. She will have that appointment."

"Of course, Mistress. It will get done if I have to visit each doctor in person."

"Lucia, you'll need to pack enough for two weeks at least. See Monique about getting suitcases."

"A few days should be sufficient," I said. "We can always wash her clothes."

"Two weeks. I don't want her to wear the same clothes every day. It wouldn't reflect well on me." Lucia nodded. "Scott, have a seat. Let's make sure you get fed. Chantelle, please dish up whatever Master Scott wants."

Chantelle picked up a plate. "Monsieur?"

I looked at the table. Coq au vin appeared to be the primary dish, with eggplant parmesan for the vegetarians, but the usual assortment of vegetables and salads. 

"I can't eat this good in a restaurant. A little of everything, please."

Chantelle smiled graciously as she dished my food. She set it down in front of me. "For you, Monsieur. Thank you," kissing my cheek.

Dawn came around behind me and whispered in my ear. "You're going to get so fucked tonight."

I hadn't done anything but give the good news. Julia had done all the work again. I'd just orgasmed. 

"I didn't do anything. Julia did all the work."

"Yes, we know," Brianna said, laughing. "The woman always does the work and the man gets credit. We'll see that she's appropriately rewarded when we see her again, won't we slaves?"

"Yes, Mistress," a chorus of voices.

I might not see her for two days the next time she came.

******

Dawn dismounted and lay down beside me. We were both breathing hard. It was the third time I'd fucked her, the second time in her cunt. 

"God, I've missed this," Dawn panted. "You have a lovely cock, sir, and some impressive stamina. Do you think you'll be able to go again in a short time with a little encouragement."

"You can always try." 

"Just let me get my breath."

As it turned out, she gave me lots of encouragement and I had no problem going again.

******

"I know I'm supposed to suck you dry in the morning, Master" Dawn said, "but I hate to waste this great hard on in my mouth. Do you mind if I fuck you again?"

"Fine, but I'm driving."

"No problem, sir." She got on her hands and knees and looked back at me with a mischievous smile. "Drive away."

I slid right in. The amazing stamina and resilience of youth; I was at least ten years older than Dawn and it was hard to keep up with her. Tonight, I intended to have both Zoe and Dawn in the bed. At least I'd have help keeping Dawn satisfied.

******

JULIA

When we woke up at seven, we took time for a little fucking. Not much. We didn't want to Master to believe we were incapable of controlling ourselves and unable to get work done. We liked the freedom he'd given us and didn't want it taken away. Just enough to take the edge off. 

After two orgasms and breakfast, Lisa and I worked on the bed all morning. One more coat of varnish and this one would be done. We broke for lunch and two more quick orgasms, then I helped Lisa prepare for poker tonight. We made some hors d'oeuvres and snacks, put out liquor, iced some beer, soft drinks and water, made sure there was plenty of ice. I helped her set up the table and chairs, put out cards and poker chips. 

I helped her pick out clothes appropriate to a slave, but nothing too sheer or revealing, since Master wouldn't be here and we didn't want to overly entice anyone. I trusted everyone, but it's like leaving the keys in your car; why would you tempt trouble. When all was prepared, I gathered my yoga mats, and everything I'd purchased for Janet, plus a slave trainer, strapless dildo, the whip and paddle. Janet had cum three times without permission. I was going to use everything on her.

I kissed Lisa before I left. "I'm sure I'll be having sex with Janet this evening. I'll make sure you're satisfied when I come home."

"Thank you, dear."

"Master's home tomorrow night. Hopefully, he still has enough energy after fucking Dawn and Zoe all week to fuck us both thoroughly when he comes home. I can't wait to feel him inside me again."

"Me either," Lisa laughed. "Me either." I gave her another kiss, with feeling and left. 

I had no problem finding Janet's apartment, the left rear unit on what appeared to be a fourplex. I brought everything in with me. Janet was nude and wearing her collar and cuffs. She'd trimmed her cunt hair as I'd instructed. Her pussy looked moist. I set everything down and took it all out of the bag, setting it on the couch where she could see it as we worked out. I removed my clothes. 

I made her display and kneel for me, checking to see if she'd practiced as I instructed. She responded quickly and correctly to each command. I had her display again, and removed my cuffs, replacing it with those I'd purchased for her, putting mine aside for now. I had no way to unlock my jewelry, Master being the only one who had the key. I had no jewelry on my ankles, so I didn't need to double up there. Then I had her kneel, removed my collar from around hers and replaced it with the new one. 

I asked if she had a pool here and she said no, so no swimming tonight, only yoga. I told her we'd take a shower after we'd finished. She nodded, wondering what I had planned for her since all those items were now sitting on her couch for her to look at and contemplate. She'd find out soon enough.

We did our yoga workout, an hour of hard work. We were both sweating when we'd finished as she'd turned the air conditioning up to allow for her nudity. Done with our workout, she removed the leathers once more to allow for a shower. I went in the shower with her and told her to display. While she held the position, I washed her body, cleaning her completely without giving her the opportunity to cum. She was moaning when I finished.

Then, it was her turn to wash me. I had no restrictions on me, so after she washed me I had her finger my cunt to orgasm. It didn't take long. I was turned on as hell. I could tell she'd need some work on pleasing a woman. We'd work on that this evening. After drying off, I put her collar and cuffs back on, then my own. Back to normal. We went into the living room and I attached a leash to her collar, holding the end in my hand, forcing her head to move in different directions, making her get on her hands and knees and leading her around her apartment. It appeared she was aroused by the humiliation as moisture beaded on her cunt. I picked up the Slave Trainer, showing it to her.

"This is a Slave Trainer. This hellish instrument was made to stimulate a woman, but not allow her to cum. It has another setting which forces orgasms on you. I want you to be aroused as you're punished as it helps you endure the pain. You haven't earned the right to orgasm yet, so it will not be pleasant, but the pain will be lessened."

I helped her to put it on, adjusting the straps to fit her perfectly. I turned it on. She started. I made her display, then sat on the couch. 

"You climaxed three times without permission," I said. "Tell me about the first time last night."

"I was doing as you instructed, Mistress, masturbating myself. I misjudged my point of no return and climaxed."

"You earned twenty swats for the first one. I want you over my knees. As I administer your punishment. I want you to count for me. If you lose track, we start all over again. When we've reached twenty, you will thank me for your punishment. I do not anticipating going so hard you'll need to say kumquat. If it hurts and you believe you can withstand just one more, you'll say nothing. When we've reached the point where even one seems intolerable, that's when you use your safe word. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Mistress." 

"Get over my knees, your hands and feet should be on the floor and your rump raised to meet my hand."

I waited for her to get in position, then told her to count as I smacked her bare behind. I felt the surge of power and dominance I'd felt with Rose and Slut. She kept count. She was visibly and aurally sobbing after the first five smacks, but she didn't use her safe word. I figured I was striking her half as hard as I'd spanked Penelope, or Slut. I paused halfway through to rub her rump. She whimpered as I did.

I continued her spanking to the end. "What do you say now."

"Thank you, Mistress."

"Very good. How do you like your Slave Trainer?"

"I hate it."

"Very, very good. Now you understand its effectiveness. Tell me about the second time you climaxed without permission, after one AM. Were you still up?" 

I left her bent over my lap and absently rubbed her red ass. The Slave Trainer was keeping her aroused, so she tended to squirm over my lap. Lovely slave.

"No, Mistress," she said guiltily. "Apparently, I was very aroused when I went to bed and having erotic dreams. I was rubbing myself in my sleep. I woke up when I orgasmed."

"Do you remember your dream?"

She hesitated, unwilling to say. Slaves have no privacy. She needed to learn.

"Do you want me to spank you until you tell?"

"No, Mistress." She still paused, and I smacked her ass again, harder than the spanking. "I'll tell. I'll tell, Mistress. I was dreaming about a scenario similar to the book you gave me to read, except I was the slave."

"Was it a man or woman dominating you, owning you?"

"A man, Mistress."

"Chen will be happy to hear that."

"Please don't tell him, Mistress. I'd be ashamed if he knew."

"You'd prefer he think it was a woman?"

"No, Mistress," Janet admitted. "I just don't want him to know about it yet, to think I'm a sex slave. At least not until I know myself. I want to know what I want before I share it with him."

"When are you scheduled to go on another date?" 

"Tomorrow night, Mistress."

"At some point, we're going to need to introduce men into your experiences, especially if you're not a lesbian. It should be Chen if you're interested in him. I won't force you into sex with him before you're ready, but I will be in control of it when it happens. When are you planning on fucking him?"

"I'm unsure. Not tomorrow, Mistress."

"Anything? Petting, making out? What?"

"I don't know, Mistress. I'm playing it by ear or perhaps my heart."

"You may kiss, but you won't have sex with him without my approval. When you think you're ready, you must tell me first. Your fucking is under my control."

"Yes, Mistress."

"For that orgasm, it's twenty swats with the Enforcer. I want you to bend over a chair and grab the back rails. Your ass is already sore and this will hurt a lot. Don't let go. You can cry all you want, but you can't scream or the neighbors will hear. In fact, I'm going to turn on your TV, on the loud side."

She got off my lap and bent over the chair grabbing the back rails. I turned on the TV. It was still fairly early, so I turned it up loud. I did as Master suggested whenever he told someone about the Enforcer. Try it out first. I'd been on the receiving end often, but I needed to associate a level of pain with how hard I was striking someone. I'd never hit myself. I did so now. Janet flinched when she heard the sound, thinking for a moment I'd struck her, but realized I hadn't when there was no pain. I could strike myself harder, so I did. Perfect.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
Twenty swats I gave her. Her bottom was wriggling all over the place to escape, but of course she couldn't. There was no escape. No matter how she danced, I could find her. I didn't pause, giving her all twenty at once. I told her she could let go now. Her hands were white, she'd gripped so hard. I pulled her into my lap, soothing her, stroking her face until she got her crying under control. 

"There, there, Janet. The worst is over now, and you survived." I cupped a breast and kissed her, stopping the last of her sniffing. Giving her several seconds to gather herself, then asking. "How do you feel now? Are you aroused?"

"Yes, but isn't it the Slave Trainer, Mistress? It's kept me on edge since you put it in."

"Very possible. You're wearing it to better tolerate your spanking. I'm not yet ready for you to orgasm. You'll have to earn that." I kissed her again. 

"How may I earn it, Mistress?"

"You'll find out in time. Tell me about the third time you climaxed, early this morning."

"I was showering for work. I hadn't yet masturbated, so I was doing it in the shower. It felt so good and came on me so suddenly, I couldn't stop myself in time."

"You see how being denied that which you most want, affects you. You want to cum. It becomes critical to you, but you mustn't because your dominant has said you can't. At some point, you need to become more obedient. You cannot fail to comply. Obedience becomes more important than your own needs. 

"Master left Lisa and I alone while he went to LA. He told us we could only pleasure each other from six PM to midnight each day, half of which we spent exercising with you. We obeyed him explicitly. He's gone, and you would say to yourself, how would he know you were having sex? He wouldn't. He would never know. But if we're disobeying our Master, are we sex slaves? And if we're not sex slaves, what are we? Two horny women who used to live next door to each other fucking while one's husband is away. How is that different from a million other marriages that failed. Maybe her gender is different, but we're just fucking around. 

"Master can make us cum after he's told us not to. We have no control over that. He'll sometimes do it because he wants to punish us. But if it's our choice, we'll stop when he orders us to stop. I will fuck you tonight after telling you to ask permission to cum. You'll beg and plead, but I won't give you permission. You will cum. You won't be able to help yourself. But when I tell you to masturbate and not cum, it's your choice if you disobey. Thus, I'm going to whip you tonight. When Reneé whipped you last week, did she only whip your bottom?"

"Yes, Mistress." 

"Well, I'm going to whip your tits and pussy. I will not be as gentle as Reneé was. Get up now, we're going to your bedroom."

I gathered up some of the other items I'd left on the sofa; several feet of rope, a blindfold and a ball gag. Going in, I intended to tie her down on her bed, but when I saw Janet had a four poster, tying her to the end of the bed became the better option. Removing Janet's Slave Trainer so it wouldn't interfere with the whip, it was dripping with her arousal. I told her to lick it clean, to taste herself. She was ashamed to do so in front of me, blushing, yet obeyed my commands. 

The Slave Trainer clean, I bid her to stand between the foot posts. I made her display, spreading her feet wider. Fastening the rope to her ankle cuffs, I tied her feet to each side. Next, the rope was fastened to her wrist cuffs and stretched toward the tops of the foot posts. When I'd finished, she was spread eagled at the foot of her bed. Janet moaned when I lightly touched her sex, opened before me. She was slick with desire. She tried rubbing herself against my fingers so I pulled away.

"Janet, I'm putting a ball gag in your mouth, which means you won't be able to use your safe word. Your safety signal becomes your hands. I want you to stand with your fists closed. If you must use your safe word, you'll splay your fingers out on both hands. If I only see the fingers of one hand, I'll assume you're just stretching or flexing your fingers. You must open both hands before I assume you're using your safe signal. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"Make fists." She made fists. "Show me your safety signal." She spread her fingers. "Close them again." Satisfied she understood, I said, "Like before, your safe signal is only to be used if you cannot tolerate one more stroke. If you can take one more, don't use it." 

I put the ball gag in and fastened it around her head. She looked a little panicked, so I caressed her breasts, making her moan. "Show me your safe signal." Her fingers spread open. "I won't strike you beyond your ability to tolerate. If you want me to stop, show me the signal and I'll stop, then I'll release you. Nod if you understand." Janet nodded. 

I picked up the blindfold. "I'm going to blindfold you, Janet. Sometimes, something hurts because you believe it should hurt. You see a whip landing on your skin, it's like 'it must be hurting, I need to stop it,' when it doesn't hurt as bad as you think it should. If you can't see the whip land, you can't see the stripe it leaves, maybe it doesn't hurt as much as you think it should. The rules aren't changing. You can stop everything from happening. You can stop it now. But if you want to know how submissive you are, this is a test. Nod if you understand."

She nodded, a little shakily I thought. I kissed her cheek, and put on the blindfold. When she was in blackness, she tugged more against her ropes. I watched her hands to make sure they didn't open. I got close to her, so close our breasts were touching.  

I whispered. "The first thing you'll feel is me running the strands of the whip over your skin. I won't be striking you, merely touching you. Then, I'm going to test the whip on myself. You'll hear the crack of it against my skin. I'm almost positive you'll flinch, merely from the sound, thinking it must be hitting you. It won't. It will be hitting me because I want to ensure I don't strike you too hard. We're not doing this to test your pain tolerance, Janet. This is testing if you can recognize the difference between the sensuous pain of a Master, good pain; and just plain pain or bad pain. I'll warn you before I strike you. Nod if you understand."

Janet nodded. I let the strands of the whip caress her body. Her nipples hardened. I had to suck one, it looked so tempting. She moaned. I let the strands tickle her buttocks, and feather over her mound. She shivered. I struck myself. She flinched, as expected. I struck myself again and she jumped once more, but as I kept doing so, she quit responding to every smack. I found a level I was comfortable with, then reduced it, because I was accustomed to it now and Janet wasn't.

"I'm going to hit you now, Janet. I'm watching your hands. I'll see your signal if you give it." She nodded again.

Across her belly, a slight rounding, which looked sexy as hell to me. She looked good, not fat at all. Her ex was a dick. Smack. She jumped, realized she wasn't going to die, and relaxed a little. Smack, slightly higher, smack, slightly lower, nervously twitching, but not as badly as the first one. Just under her breasts, slightly lighter. Just above her mound, as light. Across her thighs, slightly harder. Across her belly again, the same. Seven times, Janet had been swatted, and she realized it wasn't going to be that bad. I knew it stung; I was leaving a trail of red stripes where the strands had kissed her flesh. But some things sound worse than they are, the mere name, 'whipping', brings fear. 

A swat across her breasts, lighter, a sharp intake of breath. I know it stung. Breasts are tender, but no sign of surrender. Lower, across her mound, not quite on her slit. Whimpers from under the gag, her hands fists. Another across her breasts, one strand striking her nipple, nervous shifting and tugging at her bonds, but fisted hands. I sucked upon the nipple I'd struck, soothing it. Janet pushed forward, pushing more of her breast in my mouth.

"Halfway, Janet. If you get through the remaining ten, I'll let you orgasm. Would you like that?"

Vigorous nodding, wanting to orgasm. Whether her position, her helplessness, her blindness or even the whipping itself had her aroused, she definitely wanted to cum. Her legs were spread far enough apart, I could strike her inner thighs, so I swatted both, close to her open, unprotected sex. She shivered. Another one on her belly, curling around the hip. Another one on the breast, close to a nipple. Despite missing it, I still sucked on it, making her moan. Another one on her abdomen, flinching. A light one across her pussy. She danced and I watched her hands closely. Still closed. 

"Five more and you can cum." The promise of relief from all the tension of the last thirteen hours. The next three quick, inside thigh, belly, underboob, pausing. She was dancing again, not from pain, but anticipation, wanting release. Another one across her breasts, groaning, hands fisted. 

"Do you know where the last one is landing, Janet?"

She moaned again, nodding. 

"After I strike you, I'm going to make it all better." 

Nodding some more, wanting it over with, her hips actually thrusting towards me, begging to be over. I swatted her naked, parted sex, slightly harder than before, but not the hardest one, those reserved for her abs. As soon as it landed, I dropped the whip on the floor, hugged Janet's body, my left arm around her back, squeezing her left breast while my right hand dropped to her cunt and two fingers thrust inside her. 

Janet was sopping. There was no resistance to my invasion. She humped my hand, thrusting against me, cumming within seconds, moaning half in pain at the last whip stroke, half from her release. It lasted for several seconds. I could feel her cunt contracting on my fingers in rhythmic pulses.

"Is that better, baby? All better now?"

Nodding, practically melting, her legs limp, hanging on her arms. I removed the ball gag.

"How do you feel? Was it what you expected?"

"It was better than I imagined it could be, Mistress. I expected it to be so much worse. I orgasmed so quickly."

"Depending how you feel about it, I suppose it's a good sign. You show evidence of being quite submissive. I don't know if it's what you want or not."

I was releasing her, legs first, then hands. The last thing off was her blindfold. When she saw me, she blushed, embarrassed by her response to both the whipping and my finger fucking.

"I don't know what I want, Mistress. It confuses and scares me. I think I should be terrified to feel this good about it, yet I can't help how much I enjoy it. I want to end it now so I don't know what I am, but also want to see where it goes."

"I understand. Admitting to yourself you have these desires is fearful. We're taught from childhood to be equal, to be free, to be independent. It feels like a violation of everything we've ever learned, that submission is wrong, and it certainly can be with the wrong person. Being timid and submissive to your ex was horribly wrong, because he misused your submissiveness. 

"My Master treats me well. He cares for me and loves me, cherishes me for my submission. If he were different from what he was, I don't think I could have loved this as much as I do. When Master first suggested making my fantasies a reality, the thing which scared me the most was that I might love it too much. I was right, in the sense I did love it, but my fears were still groundless, because what difference did it make if I did. My life has never been more perfect. 

"I suppose if Master hadn't wanted to continue, I'd be miserable now, wanting it, but unable to have it. But if I'm a good slave, who does all I can to satisfy and care for my Master, why should he ever want to end it? Being a good slave allows him to be a good Master and we both have what we desire."

"Yes, Mistress. I see what you mean. What are you going to show me next."

"You're going to learn to lick cunt like a slave slut. If you do it well, I shall return the favor to you and once each day, when you're masturbating, you can orgasm. If you do it poorly, you won't cum again tonight, nor any other day until you meet with me again and can prove you've learned to please me."

"Yes, Mistress." Janet blushed. "I've never done this before except with Reneé last week. I had my eyes closed, I was so scared. I'm sure I did it all wrong."

"When Lisa told me about it, she said it took you half an hour to give Reneé three orgasms. I know Reneé was incredibly aroused by what happened. You should have made her cum three times in ten minutes, tops. We'll get that straightened out or you will be a very miserable slave."

I pulled her onto the bed, kissed her, holding her close. She responded, tentatively at first, then with more passion, her tongue dancing with mine. I caressed her breasts. She hesitated, then caressed mine, feeling my excitement, my nipples stiffening under her fingers.

"The most important responsibility of a sex slave is not to be there for Master to fuck; it's to do everything in our power to arouse and stimulate our dominant. They may be tired, or sore, or not in the mood. It's our responsibility to soothe, to waken, to rouse, to change his mood. You must learn to seduce them when they are at their worst moments. When it seems they couldn't possibly fuck again, you should attempt to rouse them, to be your most pleasing self.

"What I want you to do now is assume I'm too tired for sex, too weary. You will strive to awaken me, with your touches, your kisses, your licks. Nice and slow, there's no hurry. Seduce me. Make me desire you, want to fuck you. Don't close your eyes. Keep them open, monitor my responses. Does my breathing get faster, do my nipples become taut in your hands, do my breasts flush, do my legs part, inviting more, do I become wetter, do I moan for you, hold your head against me. These are the signals you're looking for. 

"Think of everything you've ever loved about oral sex being done with you and put it to work on me. I will be easy to seduce tonight. I want you, but I want you to work for it. If you're successful in your seduction, I will cum early and often. If I do, I will do the same for you. I'll make you scream in pleasure, and you'll know you'll be successful in seducing a woman. 

"You'll practice these skills on Lisa, Reneé and I, but eventually, you'll need to transfer these skills to a man as I assume if you eventually decide to submit, it will be to a man, not a woman. So you'll need to learn how to suck a cock, to make love to it with your mouth, to take all of it down your throat, even a larger and fatter cock. You'll drink every drop of cum like it's the sweetest nectar, to keep sucking until he gets hard again, so he can fuck you. You'll learn to clean him, to gather your mutual cum off his cock, to savor the taste of your sex and his on his prick. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Mistress, I understand."

"Then begin."

Janet paused a few moments, whether to consider my instructions, recall her past experiences as a recipient of oral sex, or general nerves, I did not know. But soon she started by kissing me some more, our tongues entwining, then moving down, kissing my neck, my shoulders, the tops of my breasts, and eventually my nipples, standing at attention. Soft kisses, accompanied by tiny bites, and gentle sucking, not enough to leave love marks. 

She kept her eyes open, watching me, watching my responses, witnessing the signs of my increased arousal. She saw my breasts heave, my back arch, my hands hold her suckling my breasts. She smiled at me, understanding her affect. Slowly, with much lingering, she worked her way down my stomach, kissing, licking, nipping, eventually reaching my mound, skipping it, jumping to my legs, my inner thighs. Inhaling my scent, my arousal, hearing my moans of pleasure, knowing she was doing as I wanted.

My legs parted for her, inviting her deeper, to sample my mysteries, my soft folds, to taste my nectar. Watching me, she scraped her tongue up my slit, making me jump and moan and shudder. I held her head against my cleft, spreading wider, inviting her tongue to invade my core, sip my fluids. Releasing her, wanting to see what she'd do next, watching, waiting. Her brown eyes liquid pools to infinity, she watched as her tongue approached my clit, my back arching as she touched it, spasming for her, then another, and another as she lightly sucked my clit, a hard spike. Two more orgasms, shivering, melting, so intense my eyes closed in rapture.

Janet paused. I opened my eyes, looking at her, face covered in my cum, a clear glaze all around her mouth. I motioned her up, kissed her, licking myself from her lips, her face.

"Did I do well, Mistress?"

"Very good, Janet. You've earned your reward. How did you like it?"

"It was fine, Mistress. I thought I might dislike it more, being unused to it and unsure of myself and whether I wanted to be with a woman, but it wasn't bad. I could see your training making me a better lover all around, whether or not I choose to become a submissive."

"Oh, yes. Your skills will eventually rival those of an experienced courtesan; able to please any you choose to pleasure. I'll make sure of it."

First, I made sure she had three orgasms just as she'd given me, orally seducing her, until she was grinding herself against my face in total abandon, biting her pillow to keep from screaming aloud. To top it off, I put strapless vibrator in my cunt and fucked her close to unconsciousness. I ordered her to beg, as I said I would, then denied her permission to cum, which made her need all the greater. Despite my orders, she climaxed over and over again, shivering uncontrollably as wave after wave of pleasure rolled over her. I stopped fucking her and rolled off her. 

"You should be punished again for disobeying my orders not to cum," I said, as we both panted in near exhaustion. I'd cum as often as Janet did. 

"How could I not, Mistress?" She asked. "I told you I was going to cum and you kept fucking me anyway."

"The dilemma of a submissive. Ordered not to orgasm and fucked until she has no choice. It reminds us our pleasure is not ours to own, but our Master's to give. You have no choice. Your dominant will keep you from having sex, or fuck you to exhaustion and you have no control. You can be on a Slave Trainer, kept from cumming, or given so many orgasms you pass out. The choice will be theirs, not yours."

"Does your Master limit your orgasms?"

"All the time. It was one of the reasons I needed to have permission to work with you. This training couldn't happen without my both giving and receiving sex. I can't have sex without Master's permission. It can be very hard for us, as Lisa and I always feel our need. We want to cum constantly, we're always wet, ready to fuck, yet Master is gone, working all day, asleep at night, and limited by the number of times he can cum. Sometimes, he lets Lisa and I pleasure one another because he understands our desire for sex, but it's always up to him." I paused. 

"You need to learn to clean up after yourself. I want you to lick this vibrator clean, my end as well as yours, then clean up my cunt. You will do the same for a Master, or if you acquire a sister slave, for her, or I guess him, if the slave is a male."

She did as I bid, licking everything clean, including me. When everything was tidy, she asked, "Are there many male submissives?"

"More than you might think. There's an entire category of Dominance and submission called femdom, involving female dominants and male submissives. We had a friend who turned out to be submissive, but his wife did not want to be a dominant. He's currently hiking the Pacific Crest Trail with a female who did want a male bitch. There are also gay submissives submitting to gay dominants." 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
Janet was silent, considering. "So it's not really a question of gender; it's a question of predisposition towards submission."

"Yes. Did you put together the list of things you wished to explore?"

"I did, Mistress."

"Bring it to me."

Janet got out of the bed, went to her dresser and got a piece of paper. She walked back to me, tried to hand me the list. 

"Kneel," I ordered.

She did. She looked very good kneeling. I touched her cunt again, pushing my fingers inside her. She gasped, moaning. I pulled my fingers out, slimy with her juices; fed them to her to lick. I held out my hand. She gave me the paper. It was fairly inclusive, indicating she'd done substantial reading on the subject. Some of them surprised me; fisting for one. I'd look it over later, decide which I could help her explore and those which I couldn't, and when I'd introduce them to her.

"We're done here tonight, Janet. Remember, your sexual acts now belong to me. You may kiss Chen tomorrow night, but nothing more. Before you have sex with him, you must first have my permission. Any kind of sex, no matter what. Because you were so good licking my cunt," Janet blushed again, hearing me say it, "You may now cum once each day as you masturbate yourself. I'm tempted to make you masturbate each hour on your date to see how you like masturbating in front of Chen," Janet gasped, "but I shall take pity on you. You may abstain from masturbating on your date."

The sense of relief on her face was exquisite. 

"Pretty girl," I said. "No wonder Chen likes you. When do you wish to schedule your next exploration session, Janet? I will tell you my Master is coming home tomorrow and I expect to be fucking him strenuously through Sunday. Because of our exercise, much of my evenings are taken up. I hesitate to surrender more of my evenings away from my Master. The only evening which might be available is next Thursday when Master plays poker, but I may make some allowances just for you, should you wish something sooner."

"Thank you, Mistress."

"You may kiss my cunt before I go."

"Yes, Mistress."

She planted a kiss on my bald pussy. I got dressed and left. It was 10:30. By the time I got home, the poker game would be over and Lisa would be mine for the evening. I wanted nothing more than to fuck her for several hours, I was so aroused.

******

SCOTT

My last night at Brianna's. Tomorrow I would go home to my slaves. I missed them so much, even more so because they'd arranged for my pleasure while I was here. But tonight, I would enjoy the company of both Dawn and Zoe. I would appreciate having Zoe's assistance in dealing with Dawn. Last night she fucked me half to death. Tonight wouldn't be exclusively on me. As it was my last night, Chantelle made another special meal for me and the five of us ate at Scott's. I hadn't seen any of Marcia this trip. She was working evenings and I was gone during the day. We had duck a l'orange, julienne potatoes, steamed broccoli, with chocolate mousse for dessert. It was odd because I was the only dressed one at the table. None of the slaves wore anything and Scott felt no need to dress most days. I had clothes because I'd come from school and hadn't bothered to remove them.

"Did you get everything sent to Dr. Sturgis on time?" I asked Zoe.

"Everything submitted by two PM, though I had to jump down some office flunkies throat to get the last one sent."

"Who will be notified if Dr. Sturgis decides to take Lucia's case?"

"I sent an email to Dr. Sturgis after the last of the items was sent copied to you, Julia, Lucia, Mistress and I. I asked for the doctor to reply all, once she knows. If she does as I requested, we'll all know. I copied you and Julia as Julia indicated she'd like to know in order to prepare for Lucia's arrival and you because you'll be taking her."

"I was thinking of taking off straight from school, but if I'll come back here if Lucia needs to go."

Feeling a foot go into my lap and start massaging my junk, I looked across the table at Dawn. She had a look of nonchalant innocence on her fact with the barest trace of a smile. I raised a glass of wine as a salute, and she giggled.

"When do we get to go to bed, sir?" She said.

"After I've studied," I replied. "I have a test tomorrow afternoon."

"Ahhhh," she pouted. 

"I barely survived last night. I'm lucky Zoe's joining us. Maybe she can keep you occupied some of the time."

"I often have the same experience," Sam said. "If there weren't two slaves available to pleasure each other, I'd have died a year ago." 

Chantelle kissed him on the cheek. "You don't need that much assistance Monsieur. You do very well for an old man."

"Old man!" Sam protested. "I'll have you know I'm only..."

"Yes, Monsieur?"

"Forty! Fuck! I am old."

"Not so old," I said, "more like middle aged. That's what, half your life expectancy. You're only seven years older than me and I don't feel old. Besides, you're only as old as you feel, and with both Chantelle and Marcia fucking you, I'm guessing that's pretty young."

"Monsieur," Chantelle purred, "I'd be happy to show you you're able to fuck like a much younger man." She kissed him.

"Damn, when did I get so old."

"It's just a fucking number, 'old man'," Dawn said. "As long as you can fucking get it up, you're not that fucking old. You're what, a father like six or seven times over in the last two years, in the best shape of your damn life and keeping two slaves fucking satisfied." An impudent delay. "Sir."

We all laughed. Dawn did have a way with words and introducing a little common sense into the discussion. 

"She's right, Monsieur. Any man who can keep two slaves satisfied is doing well for himself."

"Don't I know it," I said. "Speaking of keeping two slaves satisfied. Why don't you help Chantelle clean up, go sit around the pool for a couple hours and I'll come get you when I'm done studying."

"Don't take too long, Master," Dawn said. "It's your last night so we have to get as much fucking in as possible."

"Maybe I should study all night. I'm not sure I'm prepared to satisfy you all night long."

"Maybe I'm fucking the wrong old man," Dawn quipped. "Chantelle's not complaining."

Everyone laughed again. "I think I should paddle your impertinent ass, young lady."

"I'm not a lady, sir."

"You're not denying your impertinence."

"The truth is the truth." She grinned. "Sir."

I pushed away from another fantastic meal and went to my room to study. By nine-thirty, I'd prepared as much as possible for the following day. I stripped and went out to the pool. Zoe was relaxing in one of the lounges, Dawn was splashing with some of the other slaves in the water. She actually saw me first and rushed out of the water.

"Are you ready, sir?" Dawn asked hopefully.

"Let me take a quick dip to freshen up and I'll be ready."

"I think I'll do the same," Zoe said. "We might as well all taste of chlorine."

"Don't go anywhere without me, sir." Dawn went back and joined the others.

"Any word from Dr. Sturgis yet?" I asked, escorting Zoe down the steps into the pool."

"Not yet, sir, but she was sent a massive amount of information. She may still be reviewing it. I'm sure we'll hear something by tomorrow."

The water was warm, comfortable, and we both sank in to our necks. I held Zoe and kissed her, softly, deeply.

"What was that for, Master?"

"For being my friend. For agreeing to have sex with me even though I know you prefer women. For helping me out with my paperwork."

"Having sex wasn't much of a hardship, Scott. I'd do it again, though I'd like Julia and Lisa to join us. I almost forgot about the paperwork. We haven't had time to discuss it at all."

"You put everything in we asked for?"

"Yes, plus some stuff which makes the contract compliant with contract law."

"I'll bring it home. My slaves and I will read it over and we'll call if we have questions about it. Are you ready to have sex with an 'old man' one last time?"

"Yes, sir."

"Come along, Dawn," I called out. "I've refreshed enough."

"Coming, Master," she called out, swimming to the side of the pool.

Zoe and I got out and dried off. No point in getting the sheets wet. Dawn joined us, drying quickly. We started walking back to my room, a slave on each arm.

"Zoe, may I please have his cock to fuck first?" Dawn asked. "Who knows how long the old man will last?"

I swatted her naked ass hard.

"Ouch," she griped, rubbing her bottom. "I suppose I deserved that."

"Take her up on her offer, Zoe. I always last longer the second time around."

"Very well, Dawn. You may have his cock to fuck first," Zoe said.

"Hey, wait a minute! No fair."

"You wanted him first, you got him first. No changing your mind now," Zoe said, laughing. "Beat at your own game."

"Perhaps he won't have anything left when he gets to you, Zoe."

"I doubt there will be a problem with that," I said. I pointed down to my prick, already getting hard in anticipation.

Dawn laughed. "If he's got any more in the tank, I'll get him third, so there."

"I need to leave gas in the tank for my own slaves," I said, "and give them the fucking they deserve for providing you two. So there."

"Shit!"

We both laughed, Dawn quickly joining us.

In the bedroom, I lay down on the bed and told Dawn to mount me. Zoe I told to climb over my face so I could lick her cunt. I told them they could do as they wished to each other. So while I inhaled the scent of aroused slave and dined on her essence, Dawn rode me and they kissed and played with one another's breasts. Both of them orgasmed several times before Dawn reaped my load of cum into her. Dawn cleaned me off, keeping me hard enough to play some more. 

I had Dawn and Zoe get into a sideways sixty-nine, and as they licked each other, I entered Zoe from behind. I was in no hurry, the urgency of the first time now gone. Nice and slow, I plunged deeply into her pussy as the girls lapped the other's cunt. Both of them climaxing several times before I released my second load. Zoe more frequently from the double stimulation of Dawn's tongue and my cock. Dawn jumped on my cock, hoping for another quick bout. I licked my cream from Zoe, cleaning up after myself. After Zoe had another orgasm, I had Dawn stop. 

"You need to give it a little rest," I said, "I'm not superman."

"Master, I want you to fuck my ass once more before you go," Dawn whined.

"Let's grab a bit of sleep. I promise I'll fuck your ass before I leave."

Satisfied, Dawn settled in behind me, her hand holding my balls, wishing another erection into existence. I curled around Zoe, holding her stomach, pretending it was Julia, and we dozed off. Around midnight, the most god-awful sound woke us up.

"What the fuck is that?" I mumbled, half asleep.

"Email from Dr. Sturgis. I set a special alert for a response," Zoe said, grabbing for her phone.

She scanned the message. "Dr. Sturgis is going to accept her case. Lucia's to go in Monday at 8:00 for some testing."

I was going to have a house guest. And Dawn got her wish. I fucked her in the ass.

*****
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 30|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-30|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<em>Our tale takes a cruel twist at this point. As a result, there is less sex in this chapter than normal. I don't necessarily view it as a negative to the advancement of the narrative. There is some light oral and lesbian sex, but mostly, we're pushing forward. It's not always sunshine and roses. This chapter is like all others in that STD's are not an issue. There is a scene in here where Marcia drives Scott at high speed from LA to Fresno with police escort. This is not a normal practice for law enforcement and would not be done. </em>

<strong>Chapter 30 - Disaster</strong>

JULIA

When I woke up, Lisa was still sleeping. I pulled out the list Janet gave me and looked it over more closely. Electro stimulation, hot wax, figging. What the hell was figging? Janet had done a lot more research than I'd done before deciding to become a sex slave. I didn't recognize half the stuff on her list. Some of the stuff we'd already done. Erotic spanking, stripping her nude, collaring her. Some humiliation, making her masturbate while I was on the phone with Chen, then telling him what she was doing. Light bondage and blindfolds, check. Sexual denial check. She hadn't texted me last night to say she'd cum and she was masturbating every hour she was awake. Nyotaimori, I had no clue. Some of the things she'd identified as gray areas; anal sex, anilingus, enemas, fisting. She was at least considering exploring. I'd have to look some of it up to see what it was and if I could even do it.

Lisa finally woke up, stretching.

"What are you reading?"

"Janet's list. I don't know what some of this even is. My books didn't talk about most of this. Mostly sex, bondage, and spankings if disobedient. She's much better prepared than I was."

"Let me see."

I handed it to her and she looked it over. "Yeah, I only recognize some of this because I read the Wikipedia article, but still don't know exactly what it is. What are you going to do about it?" She handed it back.

"Find out more, see if it's anything I can even do or if I need someone else to show her. It's a pretty comprehensive list. Where do I find someone to do Japanese rope bondage?"

"Mistress Dark might know. Hell, maybe she does it herself. We can ask."

I put the list away. "First things first. You and I need to fuck."

Lisa laughed. "Damn straight, baby."

She got over me in a sixty-nine and we fucked again, glad to be free of restrictions. It was a pleasant half hour and several orgasms of fun. Finished, I checked my email. I saw the email from Dr. Sturgis saying she would accept Lucia as a client. I also found one from Reneé. Since her Master was starting General Contracting classes in the evening starting next week, he wanted to get a jump on the weekend by taking advantage of his slave as much as possible. Since Janet was going on a date with Chen tonight, Lisa and I were on her own this evening. I informed her of both emails.

"Should we blow off exercise class?" Lisa asked.

"Might as well. Maybe we'll just go swimming again. I was thinking of making a room ready for Lucia this morning while you work on the bed frame, then eat lunch, both work for awhile, then let you go up and work on a supper for Master and Lucia, to be served around nine, nine-thirty, while I work on the bed. Get as much done as we can so Master doesn't think we were slacking once he gave us permission to fuck anytime we wanted."

"You don't think they won't have eaten before then?"

"He said he'd come home directly. I hope he hasn't changed his mind." Then thinking, "I suppose he might feed Lucia. He wouldn't want her to starve. She's got no reason to hurry here."

"Go ahead and ask him," Lisa said. "Maybe we don't need to spend too much time on supper. It's early enough he probably hasn't left for class yet."

I texted, <em>Will you and Lucia eat on the way or before leaving or should Lisa and I hold dinner for you?</em>

<em>Chantelle said she'd make us something for the road. </em>Master replied back.

"We don't need to worry about supper. Master will have something to eat."

"I'm so looking forward to his return. I wonder what Lucia is like?" Lisa asked.

"I barely remember her," I reply. "Quiet girl. Didn't stand out. A pity what happened. I wonder if she's a lesbian because of what happened to her?"

"I would think it played a part," Lisa said. "I wonder why she'd be submissive. After something like that, you might think you'd never want to bow down to another person if you could help it."

"Let's get started then. I'll set up her room. You get started. I'll join you shortly. When we make lunch, we'll make a little extra for supper."

As a result, our last day of Master's absence was essentially one of work. I made sure Lucia had clean sheets and towels, her bathroom stocked with whatever she might need. I usually have a stock of general purpose cards I keep for emergencies, forgotten birthdays or anniversaries, illness or injury, or some other life calamity. I found one which wasn't obviously something else, with a nice picture in it of two children holding hands. I wrote, <em>Welcome to our home, Lucia. I hope your visit helps you realize your dreams.</em> I placed it on her pillow.

Then I went to the basement and got busy. We still had a lot of work to do, though one of our bed frames was now complete.

We broke for lunch, indulged in some brief sex to temper the excitement we felt for Master's return, and back to work. We decided to work until about seven, grab our food and go out to the pool.

Around 5:30, the doorbell rang. I was tired, the extra weight I was starting to cart around and long day tiring me and another trip up the stairs didn't appeal to me.

"Lisa, honey, could you please get that?" I asked. "Just throw a robe on, see who it is and send them away unless it's something important."

"Anything for you, Mistress," still teasing me about my work with Janet.

"Stop. Just stop. I could never be your Mistress. You're my sister slave. Stop teasing me about it. Besides you'll soon find yourself helping me with Janet. I doubt I can do it all myself and she'll be calling you Mistress. Give me a break."

She kissed me. "I've got it."

"Thank you."

Lisa ran up the stairs; we'd already dawdled too much. I went back to work.

Five minutes later, Lisa still wasn't back. I needed her to help lift a piece. Must have been important. Fifteen minutes later, I was getting concerned. Where was that girl. She would have told me if she couldn't come back down for awhile. Something wasn't right. Fuck! I'd have to go upstairs anyway. I wearily made my way up the stairs.

I didn't see anyone standing at the door, but there were noises coming from the living room. I peeked around the corner, still slave naked for gosh sake. Lisa was lying on the floor, her robe thrown open. A guy was in between her legs, driving into her, mumbling. It was her fucking ex, Jack. Shit! Master wouldn't like this. This wasn't like Lisa. She hated that asshole. Then I saw how still she was, not moving, and her face was bloody. Looked like her nose was broken, her eyes unseeing. My phone was downstairs, and I couldn't delay any longer to get it. I hit the SOS button on my watch, initiating a call to 911.

Creeping into the kitchen, I got a meat fork and a big butcher knife. I went back to the living room and I could hear what he was saying.

"Put a restraining order on me, bitch. I'm your fucking husband. You don't deserve what I'm giving to you, whore."

"You're Goddamn right she doesn't deserve it, asshole. Get the fuck off her!" I screamed, stabbing down in his buttocks with the meat fork. He lurched, screaming, the fork still stuck in his bare ass. His screams a lot louder than mine.

"What the fuck!" Jack roared, standing, turning, his cock red and blood engorged, wet.

I held the knife in front of me, threatening. "Get the fuck out of my house, you asshole! You don't deserve her."

"You can't stop me from seeing my wife, bitch. She's mine, not yours" he growled. "My fucking wife, you lesbian whore."

"Fuck you, Jack. You betrayed her; divorced her. You're not her husband anymore. You lost that fucking right. I'll stab you again if you don't get the fuck out of here. I've called the police. They're going to arrest you, Jack. Throw you in a fucking hole, if I don't kill you first. Leave! Get the fuck out!" I made threatening gestures with the knife.

"I'm going to fuck you over, you bitch. You've got no right to my wife. She's mine. Not yours, not Scott's. Mine."

He advanced towards me, and I started backing up. At least he was leaving Lisa alone. She was groaning, barely moving. He pulled the meat fork from his ass. Apparently, I hadn't done enough damage to him.

I waved the knife around in front of me. "I'll gut you, Jack. You left her. You divorced her. Left her for some bimbo slut you married. What's the matter, Jack? You realizing she isn't half the woman as the one you left. I'm warning you. I'll cut you."

Jack grabbed a pillow from the couch, holding it in front of him. "I'm going to fuck me some of Scott's wife. He fucked mine. I'll fuck his. Put a fucking restraining order on me, you whore!"

At least I knew he'd been served with the order. Apparently, it hadn't restrained him from squat.

"Not after I slice your pecker off, you shit. You'll never fuck anything again." I waved the knife some more.

The pillow scared me. Not as a weapon, but that it might keep me from stabbing deep enough to kill the mother fucker. He advanced some more. I kept backing, towards the kitchen, more knives, more weapons. Where were the damn police? How long since I called? I risked a quick glance behind me to see where I was going. Jack swung the pillow. Too late, I noticed, trying to pull the knife back. The pillow knocking the knife from my hand, flying across the room. The look of rage and hatred on his red face, his hands claws, reaching for me. I tried to kick him in his balls, the kick boxing coming into play, him dodging my kick. Too clumsy, the baby, not fast enough.

His closed fist looming in my vision, smacking me in the face, a sharp pain, falling backward, hitting my head on the counter, seeing stars, falling to the ground.

"I'll fuck you, bitch!" His voice distant, like he was under water, or maybe I was.

His cock sliding into me; the first time I regretted being a slave. My cunt so wet there was nothing to impede him from slamming into me; nothing at all. Hearing sirens, so distant. Are they for me? Please be for me. Slipping into darkness, a white blur moving behind Jack's rutting back. The last thing I remembered thinking was, 'this was not the way I wanted to greet my Master', then blackness.

******

SCOTT

I skipped any sex in the morning before classes. I had two slaves who required my attention when I got home and I wanted to give them everything I had. The last day of class was more instruction in the morning, a test in the afternoon, test grading and a question and answer session about the test and any answers students were confused about. I missed one question, which I was happy about. Hate to pay all the money for the class, then stumble through it. We got out a little early, but Friday night traffic was starting to build up as people started their weekend plans.

I pulled into Brianna's and several people were waiting for me, knowing I wanted to get a jump on the trip. Chantelle, Sam and Marcia was there. Marcia off now, naked, like the rest of the slaves, the first time I'd seen her this trip. I wondered if she was in slave mode, but I didn't see a collar, so guessed it hadn't started yet. Chantelle smiled, holding a bag of food she'd prepared. Brianna was there. Her naked slaves, Zoe and Dawn were there to say good bye. And Lucia, two small carry-on type bags packed. Zoe had packed my suitcase and Sam brought it out. My computer bag was with me.

Sam helped me load the three bags in the back seat of the truck, and I started my goodbyes, thanking Brianna and Sam for their hospitality, Chantelle for the lovely meals I'd had, hugging Marcia because she was there and naked. I wasn't going to pass up the opportunity to press her against me. Zoe and Dawn because they'd been instrumental in my enjoyment of this trip, and naked. My momma didn't raise a fool.

"Your contracts are in your suitcase, Scott," Zoe said. "Read them over and let me know of any changes you'd like to make."

"Thank you, Zoe. I appreciate your friendship so much."

I smiled at her. It was the last smile I would have for a while. I got an alert on my watch that Julia had made a 911 call. If she used the emergency button on her phone or watch, I was notified.

"I just got a 911 alert on my watch. Julia's had to contact 911," I said, puzzled. Had she or Lisa injured themselves working on the bed frames?

"Do you think it's the baby?" Zoe asked.

The baby. I hadn't even considered the baby. My son. "Shit, I've got to get home," starting to panic, the many miles and long hours of driving staring me in the face.

"Don't panic, Scott," Marcia warned. "You don't know what the problem is. Try calling. See if you can reach anyone. Brianna, don't let him leave yet. Sam, come with me," she ordered.

Marcia and Sam rushed off and I tried calling Julia. No answer.

"Try calling Lisa," Zoe said.

Tried calling Lisa. No answer. "Fuck!" I shouted. "This can't be fucking happening. I've got to get going."

"Wait, Scott. Marcia has a good reason wanting you to wait," Brianna said. "Try Julia's number again. Try both of them again."

Zoe and Dawn put their hands on my arm as I tried both numbers again. Nothing.

"You've got an iPhone," Dawn said. "Check 'Find My iPhone', to see where they're at. They may not even be at home."

Shit, yes. They may be at the hospital already, or on their way. I checked; both phones were still at my house. What the hell had happened?

Marcia and Sam both ran out of their house, dressed. "Sam, you drive our car," Marcia ordered. "Follow at normal speed. Take Lucia. No point in all of us hauling ass. It may not even be that much of a problem and we'll need a ride back. Get in the truck, Scott, I'm driving."

"What?" Confused, still not thinking clearly.

"You're in no condition to drive and I'm used to driving at high speed. You're not. Get in the truck or I'm leaving you behind."

Brianna suddenly said, "Take Zoe."

"Why?" Marcia asked.

"In case someone needs legal representation."

Marcia nodded. "Zoe, get dressed, ride with Sam. We're leaving."

I handed her my keys, my hands shaking. She climbed into the drivers seat and I got into the passenger seat.

"Buckle up, Scott," Marcia said, starting the truck. "Does this thing have bluetooth?"

"Uh, yeah," I said, fastening my seatbelt.

"Call this number," Marcia said, rattling off a number while putting the truck in gear and pulling out. I entered the number. She had to repeat it again, I was still so shaken.

"Dispatch," a voice answered in response to the call.

"This is Deputy Marcia Evans, ID# 143936, requesting high speed escort. Have deputy or highway patrol meet me on Van Nuys Boulevard just north of Ventura Highway, roughly 20-30 minutes, will pull in behind in light gray Ram 1500 truck with California plates," Marcia rattled off my plates as if they were hers. She must have memorized them climbing into the truck. "Will follow on 101 to I-5 to CA 99 to Fresno. Please notify intervening counties, request hand off."

"Purpose of escort?"

"911 call originated at...give them your address Scott." I gave my address to the dispatcher. "Pregnant wife and another woman non-responsive, phones not changing location. Husband trying to get there as fast as possible. I was able to render assistance. After you've arranged escort, please call back this number. Clear."

Marcia disconnected call on steering wheel. She was driving fast, but not recklessly, the road too curvy and choked with traffic to do much more.

"Keep trying Julia's and Lisa's phones, but disconnect once dispatch calls back. We need to keep the line clear."

I tried both their phones once more, their phones ringing with no response until voice mail picked up. Their phones still hadn't left the house. Surely they would have taken them if going to the hospital under their own power. A few minutes later, dispatch called back, "Highway Patrol will meet at Van Nuys, requested location. Should be there in ten minutes. Say next."

"Please contact Fresno dispatch regarding nature of 911 response; ambulance, fire or police, status of occupants. Still no response to phone. Call back. Clear." Marcia closed the connection.

"Highway Patrol is good, Scott. Won't need to switch escorts frequently. Anybody live close enough to check on them?" Marcia asked.

"Lisa was the closest, but she moved in with us. Not really close to the rest of our neighbors. Too busy, I guess."

"Any nearby friends."

Jerry was the closest, maybe twenty minutes away. I called him. It took some time to answer. I wondered if Fresno had disappeared in a nuclear fireball since no one was answering the phone. Jerry finally picked up. He was breathing hard.

"Scott. What's up buddy?"

"Julia sent out a 911 call and neither she nor Lisa are answering their phones. Any chance you could run over there and see what's happened?"

"Of course. No problem. Reneé, get dressed." I knew why he was breathing hard. "I'll call you back as soon as I know anything."

He disconnected. I tried Julia and Lisa's phones again. Still no answer to either. I was about to go nuts.

We pulled onto Van Nuys and a trooper car was idling with it's motor running and lights flashing. Marcia pulled up behind the car and flashed her lights. The patrolman waved out the window and engaged his siren, pulling out into traffic. Marcia stayed on his tail. We couldn't really increase speed much until we hit I-5, but cars were pulling over, so it was better than nothing. Marcia kept talking to me, trying to keep me calm. On I-5 we averaged 80 to 90 MPH, reaching 100 at some points on California 99 in less populated areas.

"If it had to do with the baby, maybe her OB knows something," Marcia suggested.

"Wouldn't they have their phones with them if it involved the baby?" I asked.

"Maybe they forgot them in the rush to leave. Don't fear the worst until you're faced with it, Scott. It will help you keep calm; respond better in an emergency. Deep breaths, calm thoughts. Think it through. Call the doctor."

I called Doctor Sturgis's office. "Hello, this is Scott Rivers. It's kind of an emergency. Is Doctor Sturgis there?"

"I'm sorry sir, Dr. Sturgis was called away on an emergency, can I help?"

"Was she called away for Julia Rivers?"

"We don't have that information."

"Julia made a 911 call and I can't get hold of anyone at my house. I wondered if it was about my baby. Could you please call me if you hear anything about my wife?"

"Of course, sir. Your number is on file?"

"Yes, should be Julia's emergency contact number. Please call me. I'm desperate. I'm trying to get there as fast as I can from LA."

"We'll call if we hear anything, Mr. Rivers."

"Thank you."

Jerry called me next. "Hey, Scott. I'm at your house. There's three squad cars and a crime scene forensic vehicle outside your home and crime tape everywhere. They won't let us in, or tell us what happened."

My heart sank. It was in the pit of my stomach and it didn't belong there.

Marcia said, "It could be a burglary, Scott. You still don't know shit." Even Marcia was having a hard time remaining calm now. Her hands gripped the steering wheel a little tighter and her jaw was clenching.

"How often do they bring crime scene forensic vans to a burglary, Marcia?"

She didn't answer, which was an answer in itself. Never, or next to it, would be my guess, unless it was the White House which got burglarized.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"Thanks, Jerry. I'll call if I need anything more." I hung up.

Around Bakersfield, Los Angeles dispatch called us back. "Deputy Evans, sorry it took so long to get back. Dispatched vehicle to 911 call was police car. Operator heard fighting in the background. I'm sorry to report both occupants of residence were raped, sustaining injuries. Transported to Clovis Community Medical Center by ambulance."

"Any report on extent of injuries, health of victims?" Marcia asked.

"Injuries included broken bones, possible internal injuries, current status still in flux."

"Any perps apprehended?"

"No, but there was a report male was stabbed, reported by Lisa McManus to be ex-husband, Jack. He escaped as deputies arrived."

"Any word about my wife's baby?" I asked, a lump in my throat.

"We have no status on any children."

"Thanks for your help, dispatch. You can call off escort on Fresno outskirts. We'll be proceeding to Clovis Medical at normal speed from there. Notify CHP, kudos for response."

"10-4 deputy. Clear."

"I'm going to kill him," I said. "If he's not dead, I'm going to kill him."

"Don't say that to a Law Enforcement Officer, Scott. Not even me. Especially not anyone else." I stared at her. "Enter the address to Clovis in the nav system. Call Sam and give him the address. Doesn't sound as if they'll be able to get in your house anyway."

A drive that would have taken three hours, twenty minutes under the best of circumstances and likely four and a half tonight, took two and a half with the help of the escort. Marcia blinked her lights several times, slowed down, and took the exit to the hospital, way over on the East side of town, closer to my residence. We pulled up, locked up and went inside, found information. An older woman named Mabel, about my mother's age, I guessed.

"Excuse me, Miss Mabel. My name is Scott Rivers. I've been told my wife and friend are here. Julia Rivers and Lisa McManus, transported by ambulance."

Tapping on her computer keys, "Mr. Rivers, yes, I see Lisa here. She's in room 410. Your wife is still in surgery, she took a blow to her face, suffered a concussion, and they're hoping to stabilize her pregnancy."

"She hasn't lost the baby?" I asked.

"Not to my knowledge."

"What happened to her face?"

"A blow to the face, a broken orbital I believe. I'll know more when she's done with surgery." I looked at Marcia again, my fists clenched.

"What happened to Lisa," I asked.

"Broken nose and a couple cracked ribs. They reset her nose and taped her ribs. It hurts to breathe, but she's on pain meds."

"Can I see her?" I asked.

"Are you a relative?"

"No, we live together. We're lovers."

She looked at me curiously. "Your wife is here, and your lover?"

"Yes, ma'am."

"Is that what the fight was about?"

"No ma'am, not between them. They're lovers too. They were attacked by another man."

"Is he a lover, too?"

"No, an ex-husband. Ma'am, the police are investigating. I'm sure they can explain the whole thing when they're done. In the meantime, I need to see Lisa."

"Hospital policy doesn't allow non family members without checking with the patient."

"Could you please check with her so I can see her."

She looked at Marcia. "Are you a lover too?"

"I'm a Los Angeles County deputy sheriff. I drove him here. I know what their relationship is. Let the man see her."

"Do you have ID?"

Marcia pulled out her credentials and badge. She was in civvies.

Mabel checked them carefully. "All right. Room 410. There's a policeman outside her door"

As we took the elevator, I asked, "Is Lisa under arrest?"

"Doubtful. More likely under protection until they find the perpetrator. He may not be done yet. Try not to confuse people too much with reality. Tone down the Master/slave stuff. Human trafficking is a real issue and BDSM slavery might not go over well. Go easy on the lover stuff. You're just a very good friend who the patient lives with."

We got off the elevator. Only one door had a policeman in front of it, so we headed that way. He stood as we approached.

"We're here to see the patient," I explained.

"You are?"

"The patient lives with me. I'm a very good friend."

"Your name?"

"Scott Rivers."

"Husband to the other woman they brought in?"

"Yes, sir."

"Detectives were looking for the husband of one of the women."

"I don't believe it's me, but if they want to talk, I'll talk. I want to know what happened."

"How do I know it's not you?"

"Because he was in Los Angeles attending a class," Marcia said. "I just drove him up here under the most god awful traffic you've ever seen, following a California Highway Patrolman, lights and siren, otherwise he'd only be halfway here by now."

"Who are you?"

Marcia handed him her credentials and badge again.

"You're a long way from Los Angeles, deputy," handing everything back.

"I'm just a friend of the family, chauffeur today, to get him here on time. When he left, he didn't know what happened or if everyone was okay."

"How did he know anything happened?"

I showed him the alert I received on my watch. "When my wife called 911, I was immediately notified as next of kin. It's the emergency procedure we set up on our iPhones. All I know is something happened which caused her to call 911, not what happened."

"Can he please see the patient, officer. You're welcome to observe. We're not here to cause trouble," Marcia said. "My dispatch said the perpetrator was stabbed by this patient. You can check him over. He's not wounded."

The deputy nodded and we went in. He followed us, standing by the door.

Lisa looked horrible. She had two black eyes, tape over her nose, a drip running in her arm, whether nourishment or pain killers, I didn't have a clue. She looked like she was asleep.

I went in and took her hand. "Lisa, can you hear me?"

She opened her eyes. "Hello, Master. I'm sorry," she whispered.

"I'm not your Master here, love," I whispered back. "The walls have ears." In a normal voice, I asked, "What are you sorry for."

She nodded her head, understanding. "I opened the door without looking. Jack burst through the door, knocking me down, kicked my ribs, screaming at me because I filed a restraining order against him. Then he ripped off my robe, and started raping me. I tried to fight him, but he punched me in the face. I don't remember too much after that until I noticed he was raping Julia. I found a knife on the floor and I tried to stab him in the back. The knife wouldn't go through his ribs. He roared at me he was going to kill me, but police cars were pulling up outside, so he ran out the back door. I'm sorry, sir. Julia was unconscious and I'm afraid for the baby."

"I think the baby's okay, Lisa. They're still working on Julia. Jack hurt her."

"It's my fault."

"It's not your fault, Lisa," Marcia said. "How could you know there was a madman on the other side of the door? It's not normal to expect the worst."

"Hello, Marcia. What are you doing here? Isn't Lucia coming?"

"I drove Scott. He was in a big hurry to see you, so I helped him get here as fast as I could. Lucia's coming up with Sam. They didn't need to hurry as much as we did. Who called 911?"

"Julia must have. I didn't. It's good to see you, Marcia. I'm sleepy. Is it okay if I sleep?"

"Of course, angel," I said. "Go back to sleep. We'll see you later."

She closed her eyes, drifting off.

"I need to see Julia and find out from the doctor what's going on."

We went to the surgical center and checked in.

"Scott Rivers checking on my wife, Julia."

"They just moved her to ICU. She's still under from the anesthetic. I'll let the doctor know you're here."

"Thank you."

We sat down and waited. About ten minutes later, a doctor came out. He spoke to the receptionist, she pointed to us and he came over.

"I'm Doctor Andrews, Scott Rivers. You're Julia Rivers husband?"

"Yes, can you tell me how she is? I haven't gotten much information."

"We think she'll be fine. We repaired the break to the zygomatic bones, the cheekbone, and the underlying sinus cavities. Dr. Sturgis was able to prevent a miscarriage of your child. We'll be keeping her for a couple days observation to make sure everything's copacetic. I'd like you to talk to our Social Worker, please."

"Why?"

"When both women were brought in, they had collars around their necks and leather cuffs around their ankles and wrists with which they could be confined. Additionally, Mrs. Rivers had metal jewelry around her neck and wrists which couldn't be removed without a key. We had to cut them off for x-rays and MRI's. It's our duty to report signs of abuse to the police."

"Did you find any signs of abuse to their bodies, doctor?" Marcia asked. "Burns, old breaks, bruises, or the like not related to the current crime?"

"No, we didn't."

"Nor would I expect you would, doctor. I'm very familiar with Mr. and Mrs. Rivers and their relationship. It's one of the most loving and closest relationships I've ever witnessed."

"Who are you?"

"I'm a Los Angeles County deputy sheriff, doctor. Are you familiar with people who practice dominance and submission?"

"I'm familiar."

"Scott and Julia tried it out for a couple weeks and both of them enjoyed the experience very much. So much, in fact, that Julia begged her husband to put the collar on after Scott was reluctant to do so. I witnessed this. It was in Los Angeles where I lived and they were visiting. Scott would no sooner harm his wife than he'd stab himself to death."

"And the other woman?" Doctor Andrews asked.

"They're all in a polyamorous relationship, both of them loving this man and agreeing to serve together."

"He still needs to speak to the Social Worker. We have to determine the risk ourselves."

"I'll talk to whoever I need to speak with," I said.

"Before you see Mrs. Rivers. I don't want you telling her what to say," Doctor Andrews said.

"Whatever you want. Where do I find him? I want to see my wife."

"It's a her, Room 112, this floor," Doctor Andrews said. He left, hurrying off.

"Change of plan, Scott," Marcia said. "Don't downplay your relationship anymore. If the Social Worker is involved, you'll need to be honest about how things work. They may find it strange, but they can't arrest you if you're not breaking the law and if they feel you're lying to them, you may not be able to see Julia. Why don't you get the paperwork from your car Zoe prepared before seeing the Social Worker? It may help explain things."

"Thanks, good idea."

The paperwork we intended to sign would show we were all agreeing to the relationship and what we planned and intended for one another.

I went out to the truck and got the paperwork out of my suitcase. I went back inside carrying everything.

Marcia said, "I'm going to remain here and wait for Sam and the others. Come get me if she wants to talk to me about anything or you do."

"Thank you, Marcia, for everything."

"No, problem."

I found room 112 and there was a serious looking woman of approximately 50 years of age seated behind the desk. She indicated I should close the door behind me and sit down.

"I'm Scott Rivers and Doctor Andrews wanted me to see you before I could see my wife."

She pulled out a file and a legal pad and paper, clicked on her pen and looked at me. "My name is Andrea Tyndall. I'm the night time social worker for the hospital. Do you know why you were sent to see me, Mr. Rivers?"

"The doctor said they were concerned about the items the women were wearing when they were brought in. Had to cut some of them off for their treatment."

"Let's be blunt then. Are you keeping those women in involuntary servitude?"

"No, I'm not."

"Why was your wife wearing items which had to be cut off, Mr. Rivers?"

"She wanted to. It was her desire to own them and wear them."

"Your wife wanted to wear what could only be described as slave manacles, though dressed up nicely to look like jewelry."

"That's correct."

"Enlighten me, Mr. Rivers."

Skipping the parts where we'd started by essentially fucking lots of other people, because it wasn't about that anymore, I explained how she liked those types of books. She read them all the time, fantasized about it, and how I offered to let her experience what it would be like to be a character in one of her books. How she took up my offer of a three week experiment and how much she loved the adventure, allowed her friend to join her and wanted nothing more than to continue, both of them, after the trial period. So much so, they convinced me to continue doing it to our mutual satisfaction. I handed her the paperwork Zoe prepared.

"Because Julia and I are married, she has a lot of legal protections in regard to things like hospital visitation, taxes, etc. which Lisa does not have from a similar status as she's single. No rights to property, child visitation, or anything else which might arise from a polyamorous relationship such as ours. To provide for her protection and legal rights, we had contracts prepared to spell out her part in our life. This is the paperwork we prepared. We haven't signed it yet because I just got it back today, in Los Angeles, where the Attorny lives. While our relationship may be unique in your experience, Ms. Tyndall, it is not involuntary in any sense of the word. We love each other very much and do not wish harm on anyone. I don't know anyone who loves one another more than we do. It may be bizarre to your way of thinking, but it's normal to us."

She read the document over. Some of it appeared to make her blush. I could imagine.

"I need to verify this with them," she said, setting the papers down.

"Please do, but could you please do so now. I'm desperate to see my wife. I've seen Lisa and she's sleeping now, but my wife and I are expecting our first child. I need to ensure she's all right."

"Very well. If she's awake, I'll speak to her now."

"Thank you."

"Wait in the lobby. There are confidential items in here. Let me keep these for the moment."

"Of course."

When I got to the lobby, not only did I see that Sam and the others had gotten here, but so had a detective. He was talking with Marcia. I went over and introduced myself by asking if he needed to speak with me.

"As a matter of fact, I do. My name is Detective Riley."

"I'd like to speak to you as well. I have very limited information myself and I'd like to know what happened, what you're doing about it, and if you got the bastard who did it? I'm still waiting to speak to my wife, so I'd like to speak to you here if possible, so I may see her in a timely fashion, but understand it may not meet with your plans. Tell me what you'd like to do."

"We can speak here for the moment. Do I need to explain your Miranda rights?"

"I'm familiar with my rights. If I need an attorney, my friend Zoe is here. She's an attorney."

"Why did you bring an attorney with you?"

"Strictly speaking, I didn't. She was asked to come by her employer; primarily because we didn't know what happened and if one would be required. If I found the asshole who did this. I'd probably need an attorney, because I'd kill the bastard."

"Who did you hear committed the crime?"

"Lisa McManus's ex-husband, Jack. Has that information changed?"

"How did you hear he did it?"

"Deputy Evans was expediting my return to Fresno and was in contact with Los Angeles County dispatch, who made inquiries for us. All we had was my wife made a 911 call and neither Julia or Lisa was responding to my attempts to call them."

"How do you know they made a 911 call?"

"Technology. Our iPhones and watches are set up so if we make an emergency call, an alert goes out to our next of kin. If you check Lisa's phone, she would have received a similar alert."

I showed him on my phone how it was set up, showed him the text I'd received, the many attempts I'd made to call Julia's and Lisa's numbers.

"What did you think had happened to them?"

"Julia and Lisa have been starting their own business making specialty furniture. They use power tools. My first though was there'd been an accident involving a tool. My second thought was there was a problem with Julia's pregnancy. Neither of those would explain why no one would answer the phone. Then I worried about a fire, something which made them abandon the house without their phones. I never considered an attack on either of them until told by Marcia's dispatch."

"What reason would Jack McManus have to attack your wife?"

"I was informed last Monday that Jack attempted texting Lisa Sunday night to set up a meeting with her. Their divorce was acrimonious due to an affair on his part. She told him she was through with him and never wanted to have contact with him again. His texts became abusive to the point they had to block his number. They intended to file a restraining order against him on Wednesday, which I was told, they did."

"What is your relationship to Lisa McManus? Why is she living at your house?"

"About six weeks ago, Lisa became our lover, to the point where we've decided to live together as a polyamorous triple."

"Our lover, not your lover?"

"My wife has sex with her as much or more frequently than I do."

"This doesn't bother you?"

"No. Why would it? My wife hasn't stopped having sex with me and I have sex with Lisa as well. I get to watch two women have sex. I'm probably living most men's fantasies."

"Maybe your wife didn't care to share you with another woman?"

"She was the one who invited her to join us. Why do it if she cared not to share?"

"Your wife invited her to join you?"

"Initially, I suppose it was only intended to last a couple weeks, but everyone liked it enough to keep it going."

"Would Lisa want to become more than second fiddle in this arrangement?"

"None of us consider Lisa to be a second fiddle. We consider ours to be a co-equal partnership."

"She's not married to you. Only Julia is."

"Excuse me, officer," Zoe said. "I'm sorry to interrupt. The three of them asked me to do up a contract which would do contractually, what marriage does for people. Under the terms of the contract, Lisa becomes a co-equal beneficiary in all assets, property, life insurance, parental rights, etc. Lisa has no reason to feel like she's any less than a full partner in this relationship. Even if she did, I doubt she'd instigate an attack on herself which resulted in a broken nose and ribs and her own rape. I know you're required to investigate all aspects of a crime and I applaud your due diligence, but I would tend to believe myself it is what it appears to be, an attack by an angry ex-husband which resulted in an attack on the other person in the house, and not some conspiracy which is what your questions seem to be implying."

"Where are these contracts and documents?"

"The hospital social worker has them," I said. "She was going to speak to my wife about them, perhaps Lisa McManus as well. I don't know. They haven't been signed yet. I just received them today. Excuse me, the social worker is back. She can show you the documents and I'd desperately like to speak to my wife. I'll be happy to continue answering any more questions you have after I do. Have you caught Jack McManus?"

"No. He's still in the wind. I don't have more questions at this time, but I may have you come down to the station and sign a statement later."

"I'm happy to help. These other people can confirm a lot of what I told you. I'm sure they'll answer any questions you might have pertaining to me they might know. When can I return to my house. A friend and co-worker came by earlier trying to find out what happened before we heard back from the police. He said there's crime tape all over. Will my friends be able to stay in my house, or will I need to put them in a hotel?"
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"I'll check with the crime scene techs. If they're done, you can go back. If not, we'll have to keep everyone out. I'll let you know before you leave the hospital."

******

JULIA

The first thing I saw when I woke up in what appeared to be a hospital bed was a nurse making notes in a chart.

"Hello, where am I?"

"Clovis Community Medical Center, Mrs. Rivers. How are you feeling?"

"Like a truck ran over me."

"What's the last thing you remember?"

What was the last thing? My memory seemed foggy, clouded. A fist. A face over mine, Jack. A cock penetrating me. Then Lisa on the floor, her legs splayed, a man fucking her. Jack again. Working on the bed. The doorbell.

"The doorbell rang. Lisa went to see who it was. She didn't come back. I went upstairs to check on the delay. Her ex-husband was fucking her. I called 911 from my watch. I went into the kitchen for a knife. Her nose was bloody. I stabbed in the ass with a meat fork, threatened him with the knife. Told him to leave. He knocked the knife out of my hand and hit me. I know he started to rape me, then I went under. I don't remember anything after until waking up here."

Suddenly panicking, not knowing what happened to her, what Jack had done after I was unconscious.

"Is Lisa all right? She's not dead is she? Please tell me she's not dead."

"I think she's better off than you. Broken nose, some cracked ribs. She's here too."

Another thought, more panic. The baby. Please tell me the baby's all right.

"Did I lose my baby?"

"It was touch and go, but the doctor thinks your baby will be fine."

A sigh of relief.

"Does my husband know?"

"I believe he's here."

"Please, I need to see him."

"Before he sees you, the social worker needs to speak with you."

"Okay. I'll talk to her now. Whatever I can do to speak to my husband."

The nurse got this older woman, gray haired, gray eyes. She sat down beside the bed, a yellow legal pad and pen in hand.

"Hello, my name is Andrea Tyndall, Mrs. Rivers. I'm the hospital social worker. When you came in here, the doctors reported you were wearing a leather dog type collar and a locked neck manacle they had to cut off."

"They cut off my jewelry. I loved my jewelry."

"Dear, jewelry may usually be removed by the recipient, not have to be cut off you because it locks and requires a key."

"Mrs. Tyndall. I'm a submissive. My husband is my dominant. I'm not his prisoner. I'm able to exit this life any time I wish by saying Omega. I don't want to leave my life. I'm happier than I've ever been. If not for the crime which occurred, I would be home welcoming him, naked for him, with my friend Lisa. He would have had sex with us, so much sex. I've been without him for a week. I've missed him so much."

"He does not mistreat you?"

"Not in the way you mean Ms. Tyndall. He would never do anything to harm me. It would be as foreign to Scott as standing on the surface of the moon."

"And your friend, Lisa. How is she treated?"

"The same as I am. We're co-equal. A friend of ours is preparing paperwork so we all know we're equally protected in our relationship. She is starting a business with me. We were working on it in the basement when the crime occurred. Lisa went up to answer the door. Her ex-husband broke in, hit her, was raping her. Her nose was bleeding. It looked broken. I stabbed him in the buttocks with a meat fork, which is when he turned on me. I had a knife, to protect myself, but he knocked it out of my hand. I know he struck me, and I hit my head on the counter, I think. I know he started raping me before I passed out."

"That is consistent with what Lisa told the police. I have the paperwork. Mr. Rivers showed it to me."

"Did they catch him?"

"I'm afraid not. He went out the back door before the police came in the front. There will be a policeman on guard to protect you while you're in the hospital."

"When can I leave?"

"That's up to the doctor. The nurse might be able to tell you more."

"Can I see my husband now?"

"I'll let the doctor know you're not at risk from your husband. I'm sure they'll let him see you."

"Thank you, so much. I know we live an unconventional life. I'm happy you won't hold it against us."

I closed my eyes. I might have dozed off. Then a hand took mine and I opened my eyes to see my Master.

"Scott," I started crying. "I'm so sorry. I wanted to greet you at home, make love to you."

"Sweetheart, as long as you and the baby and Lisa are okay, I don't care about the rest. It doesn't matter." He buried his head in my neck.

"Did they tell you what happened?" I asked.

"Broadly, dear. I've not gotten any details yet. Lisa said it was Jack."

"He raped me, Scott. Raped us, both of us."

"I know darling. I'm so sorry he did that to you."

I looked around, saw no one near, but I whispered anyway. "It's the first time I've ever regretted being a slave, sir. He went right in, no resistance, the same as if it was you, Master. I was so ashamed, like my body betrayed me, betrayed us, giving him what I reserve only for you."

"It's not your fault, Julia. Never, ever believe that it is. He's a criminal who stole from you. Remember what you told me after we first began. Rape is a form of theft, as much as anything else, taking from you what you choose to give to others. You're not to blame. Neither is Lisa. Jack was a crazy man. I swear I'd kill him myself if I found him, hurting you as he did, risking our child."

I hugged him. "When can I go home?"

"I don't know. They haven't told me yet. Maybe the nurse knows." He raised his voice. "Nurse. Nurse."

She appeared around the corner of the curtain wall.

"We were wondering when Julia and Lisa can go home. Has the doctor said anything?" Master asked.

"At a minimum, both of them will be kept overnight for observation. Mrs. Rivers suffered a concussion in addition to the broken facial bone. We also want to make sure the baby's fine before we release her."

"Jack broke my face?" I asked. "Is it bad?"

Master smiled. "You look like you worked a day as a punching bag. Don't you feel it?"

"Well it hurt, but I thought I was just bruised. He broke something?"

Master touched his cheek, the cheekbone on his left cheek. "Right here, cracked or broken, a nearby sinus cavity damaged. You have two black eyes. Your cheek is blown up like a balloon. You're quite the sight. Good thing I didn't marry you for your looks."

"You told me you married me for my looks."

"I lied. The looks were a side benefit. I married you because I loved you. Don't feel too bad. Lisa looks just as bad. She has a broken nose and two black eyes. Couple cotton things stuck in her nose. Looks a little like a vampire with misplaced teeth."

"Poor Lisa. She had such a beautiful nose."

"She'll have one again. I'm sure they reset it so it will be good as new, just like you."

"Mr. Rivers," the nurse said, "it's late and she really should get some sleep. I'm going to give her a sedative and pain killer. You can come back at eight tomorrow morning to see her again."

"I'll be back tomorrow, first thing, I promise." He hovered over my face, like he wanted to kiss me. "You're all puffy. I'm afraid to kiss you for fear I'll hurt you." He kissed my hands instead. "I love you, Julia. You're the love of my life. That will never change, no matter what. Sleep now, and I'll see you in the morning."

The nurse gave me some pills. I closed my eyes. I could still see Master bent over me, afraid or unable to touch me.

******

SCOTT

"Nurse, can I see you a moment?" I asked.

"What is it, Mr. Rivers?"

"If Julia is moved from ICU, could you put her in a room with Lisa McManus?"

"Why?"

"They're lovers. It would mean a lot to both of them."

"Isn't she married to you?"

"It's okay. We're all lovers. It doesn't bother me in the slightest."

She watched me with a look of surprise on her face as I walked away.

Going back to the lobby, I saw the detective was still there, talking to Marcia. It looked like idle chat as opposed to questioning. His body language was much different, almost preening. I wondered if he realized she was married to the good looking man sitting down waiting. Sam was watching them with amused indifference, confident of where he stood in Marcia's life. I interrupted and asked if my house was available.

"Yeah, they're cleaning up now. They should all be gone by the time you get there."

"Have them lock up. I don't want unpleasant surprises when I get there."

He nodded and called it in.

To her I said, "You might as well spend the night, Marcia. I can make you and your husband comfortable."

I said it just to see how the detective took it. He looked crestfallen. If he knew I'd seen the gorgeous creature naked, I'm sure he'd be burning with jealousy.

"The social worker gave me your contracts back," Marcia said.

"Excellent. I want to thank you so much for dropping everything to help out. I can't repay you enough." I turned to Zoe and told her the same thing.

"It's no problem, Scott."

"Lucia, this is not the way we intended to welcome you into our home, but welcome to Fresno."

"It's okay, Mister Scott. I'm just happy both of your women were not more grievously hurt and your child is okay."

"We left in such a rush, I doubt anyone had a chance to eat. I know a great Italian place nearby called Luigi's. Let's eat, my treat."

"We had the food Chantelle packed," Sam said. "You forgot it in your rush. We'll come for a drink and dessert, though, while you and Marcia eat."

"Follow me."

Zoe and Lucia got in my truck, Marcia rode with Sam. I led them to Luigi's. I was glad to see Sharon was working tonight. I asked to be seated in her section. Sharon came to our table, surprised to see me without my two girls.

"Where are Julia and Lisa?" Sharon asked, eyeing Zoe rather sharply as she was sitting beside me.

"Unfortunately, the hospital. They were attacked while I was out of town by Lisa's ex-husband," I replied. "These are my friends who rushed to help me get here as quickly as possible. Sam and Marcia, the couple, Zoe, and Lucia, who will be staying with us while she's here on a medical issue." Seeing the look of horror on her face, I quickly added, "They're going to be okay. They're battered, but fine. They have to remain in the hospital overnight for observation. Marcia and I haven't eaten, so we'll be having supper. The others had a bite, but give them whatever they want. The bill is on me."

She took everyone's order. I was in the mood for comfort food and alcohol, so I had a drink in addition to lasagna. Zoe's pregnancy was apparently making her hungry. She had two appetizers, one shared with Lucia, in addition to a dessert and ice water. Sam had a salad instead of dessert and a cocktail. Marcia had chicken parmigiana and a glass of wine. Conversation was subdued, primarily about Julia and Lisa and what had happened to them.

"This is where we plan on having our bonding ceremony," I said. "I hope everyone of you will be able to come."

"I think we'd like that," Sam said. "As long as Marcia is off work at the time."

"Do you have a firearm in the house?" Marcia asked.

"Yes, I do," I replied.

"Do you know how to use it and can you hit anything with it?"

"I do."

"Do Julia and Lisa know how to use one?"

"Julia knows how to shoot, but not much about firearms, but I don't know about Lisa."

"Hopefully, they catch Jack quickly, but if they don't, both women should know how, where and when to shoot."

"I'll ensure both of them do. What about Lucia, since she's going to be staying with us?"

"Chantelle and I have been working with Lucia for over a year. Anyone who tries anything with her will be in for a rude awakening, if they wake up."

I looked at her, dark and slight, not more than five feet two inches tall. She looked so tiny. She seemed to grow bigger and harder as Marcia spoke, less dainty, as if her words made her toughen.

We went home after. The crime scene tape was gone, but there was still blood on the floors. Whose blood I didn't know.

"This must be where Lisa was," Marcia said. "Jack burst in on her at the door. This is close to the door. The smaller drops from her nose, the larger drops from where Jack was stabbed with the meat fork." She walked around the room. "This looks like where Marcia struck her head and fell. More blood; I'm guessing, mostly Jack's."

"Why didn't he die from being stabbed in the back?" I asked.

"Crime scene probably took the meat fork and knife. Would it have come from this knife holder?"

"Probably," I replied. "The easiest to lay hands on."

"This space is probably the meat fork. The other empty hole is from a broad bladed knife." She pulled out the other knives, looking at what was there, and what would seem to be missing. "Probably a seven to nine inch butcher knife. Good for slicing, not necessarily stabbing unless you're stabbing soft tissue. If Lisa attempted stabbing him in the back over his rib cage; a wider blade would get hung up on his ribs unless you turned it sideways. Knives look wicked, but unless you know what you're doing, hard to use. Most people don't know how to use them properly in a fight. They hold it wrong, they have the wrong blade. A thin bladed stiletto or switchblade is what you need for a knife fight. This bone carver would have worked better instead of the butcher knife, but you'll go for bigger if you don't know what you're doing. In our self defense training, they teach us that we need to be 21 feet from someone who knows how to handle a knife, or we will be cut. You can't draw and shoot your weapon before you're stabbed."

"Doesn't your body armor protect you?"

"There's a breast plate to help protect your heart against knives, but the kevlar doesn't stop knives, only bullets, and if they cut the femoral artery on your leg, you'll bleed out in minutes. I hate knives, especially in the hands of an expert. Women hate the thought of being cut, and I'm no exception."

"We can help you clean up, Master Scott," Lucia said.

"Not tonight. Let's all go to bed and tackle it tomorrow sometime. Lucia, I know where Julia planned on putting you. Let's get you settled. Zoe, why don't you sleep with her since it's strange surroundings for her."

"What about you, Master," Zoe said. "Will it comfort you to have company?"

"It wouldn't feel right sharing my bed with you while my slaves are in the hospital. I'm sure you understand."

"Of course, Master."

"We weren't expecting you two," I said to Sam and Marcia. "We'll probably need to put sheets on the bed."

"No problem. If you show us where the sheets and room is, Sam and I can make up the bed while you get everyone else settled."

I showed them the linen closet and their room.

"The bathroom's right down the hall. You'll share it with Lucia and Zoe. If you need any incidentals, we keep some on hand."

"I was able to pack what Marcia and I need. I don't know if Zoe got what she needed for an overnight stay," Sam said.

"I'm fine for a brief stay," Zoe reassured me. I left Sam and Marcia and led the other two down the hall.

"This will be your room then," I showed it to Lucia and Zoe.

Lucia found an envelope with her name on it placed on her pillow.

"Is this for me?"

"I'm sure it is if it has your name on it."

She carefully opened the envelope, almost if she were afraid some other Lucia would come in and claim it from her. When she read it, she started crying.

"What is it, Lucia?" Zoe said, putting her arm around her.

Lucia handed her the card. Zoe started crying too. "It's beautiful," Zoe said. "So thoughtful of them."

"What is it?" I asked.

Zoe handed the card to me. The note, kind, the picture of the two children holding hands, precious. I started tearing up too. I thought of how close I might have come to losing my own child, and I couldn't help it.

I reenforced Julia's greeting. "Welcome Lucia. I hope everything works out for you. I'll leave you two to it. Have a good nights sleep."

I went downstairs, made sure the doors were all locked and the alarm was on. If not for my guests, I might have left them open, hoping Jack would come back, the bastard. I used to kind of like the guy, back when he'd been my neighbor. Not particularly close, but okay. I had nothing but hate in my heart now.

Shit! I wondered if Julia's and Lisa's parents had been informed of the crime and their children were in the hospital. I started with Julia's, Harold and Mary.

Mary answered the phone. She frequently had dates on the weekends, as did Harry, with other people.

"Hey, Mary, Scott here. I have some bad news. Julia and Lisa were attacked tonight by Jack McManus. He hurt them both. They will be fine, but they're both in the hospital tonight for observation. Julia suffered damage to a cheek bone and a slight concussion. Hopefully, they'll both be released tomorrow. I think they're both asleep now, taking some strong pain killers, but they might want to hear from you."

"Oh, dear, is the baby okay?"

"I think so, Mary. It's okay so far. I'm sorry to cut this short, but I need to contact Lisa's parents too, and my own."

"Of course. Thanks for calling me first."

I repeated the call to Reggie and Marge Lloyd, Lisa's parents. I told them their daughter had suffered cracked ribs and a broken nose and their ex-son-in-law was responsible for it.

"That Goddamn bastard. I always thought he was a prick and I never said anything because it wasn't my place. I was so happy she divorced that shit."

"I'm sorry I wasn't home to protect her, Reg."

"Not your fault. Put the blame where it should go. Have they caught him yet?"

"Not yet. Julia stabbed him with a meat fork and Lisa got him with a knife, but not deep enough. Hung up on his ribs."

"That's my girl. I'm only sorry she didn't finish the job."

"Me too, Reggie."

The last call to my parents. Mom frantic the baby had been harmed.

"To the best of our knowledge, the baby is fine. They're keeping them both overnight. Hopefully, I get them both back home tomorrow morning."

After hanging up with my folks, I went to bed and realized it's the first time I'd been in bed alone for several years. The bed seemed monstrous without at least one other person in it.

******

I'd set my alarm for six-thirty. When I got up, everyone else was up too. Zoe and Sam were making breakfast. Marcia and Lucia were straightening up.

"I only planned on getting a breakfast sandwich on the way to the hospital," I said.

"Nonsense, it's almost done," Zoe replied. "We're going with you, except Lucia. She wanted to stay and ensure the house was clean before they returned."

Sure enough, she and Sam were plating bacon and eggs in no time, scrambled, because they didn't know how I liked them fried. I packed some clothes for Julia and Lisa as they might not have had anything on when taken to the hospital. They were usually naked around the house.

Sam took their car so we'd have enough room for everyone. I hoped both of them were coming home. When we got there, Jerry and Reneé were already in the lobby.

"Jesus, Jerry, I should have called you again last night. You didn't know what happened last night after I sent you to the house. I'm sorry. How did you know they were here?"

"It was on the news last night, which we watched to find out what happened."

I introduced them to everyone. Before I finished introductions, Edward, Rob, Regina and Chen also arrived, though not together.

"What the hell happened?" Edward asked. "We were watching the news last night and saw both of them were injured and at the hospital. They're looking for Lisa's ex?"

I explained what I knew, leaving out they'd been raped. Apparently, that was left out of the news report.

"Janet will come by this evening after work," Chen said. "She was very upset by the news."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"I'm hoping they'll be released today. It only sounded as if they wanted to keep them overnight for observation."

We all couldn't go in to see them at once. The nurse limited it to two people per person, though with both of them in the same room, four of us could go. I picked Zoe, Sam and Marcia at first. There was still a police officer outside the door. It made me comfortable knowing he was there. When I entered the room, Dr. Sturgis was there, checking Julia out. I assumed she was there due to the baby.

"No problems with the baby is there?" I asked, nervously.

"Everything seems fine, but I'd like to keep Julia one more day and run some more tests."

"Doctor," Julia complained. "I want to go home. I haven't seen my husband for a week."

"One more day, Julia. One more day won't kill you and it might protect your son."

Julia put a pout on her face. "Fine, just tell me we'll be able to have sex immediately after I get home."

"The tests might help determine it one way or the other."

Her pout deepened, but she turned her attention from the doctor to the others.

"Marcia, Sam. Lisa told me you drove Scott here so he could get here faster. Thank you so much. Zoe, why did you come?"

"Brianna thought it might be helpful if someone needed legal representation. We didn't know what happened before we left."

"Thank you as well. I shall thank you all appropriately later. Where's Lucia? Didn't she come?"

"Only four in the room at once," I said, "but Lucia wanted to stay and clean up the house for you so it wouldn't look like a crime scene when you returned."

"She got your card, Julia," Zoe said. "That was very thoughtful and lovely. She cried when she got it. So did Scott and I," ratting me out.

"Very kind," I reiterated. "You're the best, honey. Jerry, Reneé, Ed, Rob, Regina and Chen are all waiting to see you, so we'll give way in a few minutes to let them wish you well, then I can come back and spend more time with you."

"How did they know? Did you tell them?"

"You made the news last night."

"The news didn't report we were raped, did it?" Lisa asked.

"Apparently not. At least they didn't speak of it, but maybe they were hoping to spare my feelings. I don't know. I sent Jerry to the house last night trying to find out what happened to you. He saw the cop cars and crime scene tape, so he was checking the news for information. I think the others just saw it."

"I'm so sorry, Scott. I feel I've let you down."

"You could never let me down, Julia. Don't worry about it. You were the victim of an attack. You didn't precipitate it. You were in your own home, for God's sake, not prancing up and down the street naked. You didn't deserve it."

"We can arrange counseling for them if they require it," Doctor Sturgis said. "It's always helpful in cases of sexual trauma."

"We can talk about it when we get home, Scott," Julia said. "Right now, going home is my first priority."

"Okay. We're going to let the others visit briefly, then I'll be back to see you some more. Dr. Sturgis, do you know if Lisa will be released today?"

"Doctor Andrews is in charge of Lisa. Let's see what her chart says." She read Lisa's chart. "She's to be released at 10:30 today if her heart rate, blood pressure and breathing are normal. She'll be given a prescription for Vicodin for her ribs. Watch your dosage carefully, Lisa. Don't overuse them. You can take Tylenol or ibuprofen to help if they don't last long enough."

"I brought clothes for you both. I didn't know how you were brought into the ER."

"Nothing but a blanket," Doctor Sturgis said.

I set them on Lisa's bed. "I'll put Julia's away when I come back."

We went out, even Dr. Sturgis, and sent the others in.

******

JULIA

When Master left, it was as if a part of me left with him, even knowing he'd return soon. The other four came in. Ed and Rob teased us both, calling us the raccoon sisters. Regina pulled out her compact so we could see how we looked. Ugh, so ugly, our faces a mess. Lisa with her broken nose, me with a big bandage over my cheek, both of us with black eyes and wan, pale skin. How could anyone ever love us again? Raped, defiled; wet and welcoming to my rapist. At least Lisa was Jack's ex-husband. He'd fucked her before and Master knew this before accepting her. He'd taken me, taken what my Master owned, a thief, and I'd been unable to stop him.

They spent about fifteen minutes in the room, light hearted banter provided to lighten our hearts. Each of them squeezing our hands before they left, promising to come back tomorrow, to see me before I was released, making Lisa promise to play poker again next week if she was up to it. Chen lingered behind after the others left.

"Janet is working now. She will come by after work. She said to tell you she's very sorry 'her Mistress' was hurt."

I looked at him carefully. "Are you really okay with me taking that role for her?"

"For now. I'm a little surprised she wanted to explore, given how adamantly opposed she was to the whole concept on our first date. But everyone should be able to determine for themselves what it is they expect out of life."

"If she decided she wanted to be like Lisa and I, could you be her Master?"

"I'm thinking about that. I wasn't put off horribly when you and Lisa started serving, but you were Scott's and not something I'd have to deal with on a daily basis. I'm trying to picture myself in that role. Sometimes, it doesn't bother me, other times the thought of doing so twenty-four hours a day, does, especially with someone I'm becoming close to."

"You might not need to do it full time. Scott's parents did it on a part-time basis, mostly when the children were away, because they didn't want to shock their kids. Marcia, whom you just met, is a part-time slave, mostly on her off days and vacations. I suspect Janet is somewhat submissive, but she may not need to be a full-time submissive, like I am."

"Marcia, the woman who was introduced to us as a deputy sheriff?"

"Yes, though I'm sure she'd appreciate it not being aired about as it could affect her job. The only reason I tell you is so you understand it may not be necessary to be a full time Master. It could be no more than a part time gig, satisfying a need in Janet without making wholesale changes to both your lives. It might be possible for it to be even less, merely doing some activities which are dominant in nature, such as tying or blindfolding her once in awhile for sex. Those are things which you can work out with her. Don't assume yet she wants to become a full time slave."

Chen nodded thoughtfully.

"Thank you for coming, Chen. It was very thoughtful."

"I like both of you a great deal. It sickened me to think what happened."

"Did the news reports say we were raped?" Lisa asked.

"It was implied, not specifically stated."

"Fuck!" Lisa exclaimed. "We'll always be the women who were raped now. Never normal again, everyone looking at us, staring, wondering about it; from the grocery store to the gym. The worst part is because he's my ex, somehow they'll think I invited the attack. And it's what the bastard will probably attempt to say in his own fucking defense. 'Hey, she wanted it, trying to reconcile', so much bullshit."

"You've got all his texts and yours where he was threatening and demeaning and your rejections. 'I never want to see you again,' etc. Why would someone possibly believe you invited it?" I asked.

"'Oh, that was only because she didn't see me in person, could reject me over the phone, but when I showed up at her door, Lisa was reminded of our love together, how much we cared for each other'. Pure bullshit, but someone will believe it."

"Except why did he break your nose, if you wanted it so bad," I said. "Most people would never believe a word he says."

"Julia's right, Lisa," Chen said. "People who know you will know he's lying."

"I don't even care about most people. I care what our Master thinks. I never want him thinking I wanted to be with that monster."

That was my own fear. That Master would think I wanted to fuck Jack. Didn't it align with his original supposition I wanted sex with others? To be a sexual plaything available to whoever wanted me? I had a knife and it hadn't made a difference. My legs were parted and someone else fucked me. Would he believe I failed to repel Jack because it was secretly what I wanted? We'd stabbed him twice and hadn't killed him.

"Listen," Chen said. I looked up at him with tears in my eyes. "I know Scott pretty well. I don't think he'll ever believe you wanted to be attacked."

I nodded, wiped my eyes. Hoped it was true.

"Thanks again, Chen," Lisa said.

He left and a few minutes later, Master came back, alone this time.

"What did Chen talk to you about so long?" He asked.

"He told me Janet was sorry 'her Mistress' was hurt and she'd come to see me after work. I talked to him some more about her exploring her submissiveness and how he felt about it."

"He said the news reports didn't explicitly say we were raped, but it was implied," Lisa said. "We were both upset about it. People never look at you the same."

Neither of us said anything about what really bothered us; whether Master would treat us the same.

"The nurse is coming in to check on Lisa soon, make sure everything is good for her to go home. Dr. Sturgis is going to start your tests, so she recommend I take Lisa home and come back after supper to see you."

I blinked back tears again. I still didn't get to go home. I wondered if Master had slept with Zoe again last night. I could ask, I suppose. Would he think I was jealous? At least he'd have Lisa tonight. I kept my fears to myself.

"All right," I said. "Kiss me."

He looked at my face. "It looks like it would hurt if I kissed you."

"I don't care. Kiss me anyway." Please, still love me, Master.

He gave me a light kiss on the lips. "I'll be back in a few to take you home," he said to Lisa. He kissed her too, just as lightly. Then he was gone. I closed my eyes. Please, still love us.

******

SCOTT

My four friends had left when I got back to the waiting room. Marcia, Sam and Zoe remaining. Before Lisa was ready to go, Julia had been wheeled away for more tests. They were still using a gurney for her, which made me nervous. Hopefully, it was more a precaution than a necessity. When she told me Lisa was ready to go, she'd already helped her dress. She told me they'd just given her another Vicodin, but told me to get the prescription filled as her ribs would be very painful for several days. She also gave me a couple pages of instructions, and several more cotton things for her nose. I helped get Lisa into a wheelchair, which the nurse wheeled to the exit where I could pick her up. Marcia and Sam offered to drive Lisa home and get her settled while I got the prescription filled, so I took them up on it. Zoe came with me.

It took over a half hour to be filled, so we went to a grocery next door to pick up food for tonight.

"I'm not half the cook Chantelle is," Zoe said, "and Marcia's worse than me, but between the rest of us, we shouldn't starve to death."

"Won't you be going home this afternoon?"

"No, we'll stay until tomorrow to make sure Julia gets home safely. Marcia doesn't have to go to work until tomorrow evening. Sam can do his work from anywhere and the markets are closed today and tomorrow anyway."

"Thanks again, and please thank your Mistress for me. You'll never know how much I appreciated everyone dropping everything to come to our rescue."

"Silly boy. We couldn't do anything else. It doesn't appear the police have any more interest in you, and they shouldn't if they're smart, but if that should change, let me know. I don't specialize in criminal law, but I trust some people who do."

When we got home, Lisa was ensconced in a reclining chair, half sitting up, asleep. The house was spotless. Lucia had done a marvelous job cleaning.

"Why is Lisa in a chair instead of bed?" I asked.

"She said she's more comfortable a little bit vertical than lying down," Sam said.

Her hospital bed had been raised, so it made sense considering her ribs.

"Master Scott," Lucia said, "could you come to the basement with me?"

"Of course," I replied. Sam and Marcia followed us down.

Lucia showed me the bed frame Lisa and Julia had been working on.

"I can help you make these while I'm staying here, Master Scott. I do not see anything to give me trouble. This is all similar to what I learned from my father, however, he used all hand tools. I'm not familiar with power tools. If you show me how to use them, I could help to repay you for your assistance."

"You don't have to do that; sing for your supper. It's an act of kindness, not a business exchange."

"Your slaves will be laid up, Master Scott. Lisa has broken ribs and Julia may need to be cautious for the baby. I know what I'm doing construction wise except for the tools. I want to help, otherwise I'm sitting idle with nothing to do when I'm not at the doctor's. Please let me help."

"Nobody likes being idle, Scott," Sam said. "Give her a chance."

"I do have two more women starting this week, Janet on Tuesday and Reneé on Friday. Neither of them has worked with wood before. Julia and Lisa were going to show them what to do. If you're certain you want to?"

"I would prefer being busy, Master Scott."

"I'll show you later today after we eat."

"What are we having?" Sam said. "I can help with food. I did a lot of the cooking before Chantelle joined us."

"I figured something simple; steaks, baked potatoes, and grilled corn."

"Right up my alley," Sam said. "Grilling is what I do best."

"I'm capable of making salad," Marcia said. "Chantelle usually trusts me to do that."

"I can help with salads as well, Master Scott," Lucia said.

"I have a pool in the back with a privacy fence around the patio, if you want to get comfortable. I'll get the grill started."

We went upstairs where Zoe showed Marcia and Lucia the groceries we bought for salads. Sam and I pulled out the steaks and seasoned them. We scrubbed and washed the potatoes and coated them with rock salt, wrapping in aluminum foil; rinsed the corn, leaving some of the husks on. I cranked up the grill and we started the potatoes.

It wasn't long before the women came out, nude, assisting Lisa, also nude. They helped her to one of the lounge chairs. Her ribs were bandaged and her face was a mess. I looked at Sam.

He shrugged his shoulders and said, "What the hell. Might as well." We shucked our clothes as well.

The one thing about men going nude is there's no hiding your interest in attractive company. Both of us were showing our interest in a relatively short time. Marcia was one of the most beautiful women I've ever seen and none of the others were slouches either. Zoe was pronouncedly pregnant, but it had the effect of making her look radiant as opposed to ugly. Lucia was dark and trim. Lisa was gorgeous from the neck down, though showing bruising on her ribs. Only her face looked tattered. Marcia went to Sam and his arm went around her, kissing her deeply.

I kissed Lisa lightly. "How are you, my love?"

"Sore. Mad. Sore. Pissed off. Sore. Unhappy. Sore. Disappointed. I haven't had a chance to fuck you yet, Master. I see you've got an erection. Would you like me to ease your condition?"

"Don't forget the sore," I teased. "I'm afraid I'll hurt you more if I attempt to have sex with you."

"I'm only planning to use my mouth, sir."

"Your mouth is in very close proximity to your nose. I don't want to hurt you."

"How long do you expect me go without sex, Master?"

"As long as it takes for you to get better."

I saw Lucia watching and listening to us. I asked her over.

"Lucia's father used to be a carpenter. She's offered to help with the construction if I show her how to use power tools as opposed to the hand tools she's accustomed to."

"How are you, Lisa?" Lucia asked.

"I ache. Are you looking forward to starting medical tests and treatment on Monday?"

"Very much. I dearly hope the doctor can help me conceive. I wasn't asking about your physical condition, Lisa. How are you doing after your rape, emotionally?"

Tears formed in Lisa's eyes, slowly trickling down her cheeks. "Not particularly well," Lisa admitted. "I feel filthy, like I'll never be clean again. Tarnished, unsure if I can ever feel normal again. I can't believe you survived a gang rape, Lucia. Even now, I can't imagine what that was like."

The reason Lucia needed medical treatment. Her sexual organs so torn, infected, by the brutal rape, even the care she'd received since hadn't helped. I'd reduced it down to a medical thing, some unnamed trauma, somehow unrelated to what had happened to her; the suffering she'd received at the hands of multiple animals like Jack. But she was here now, for much the same reason Julia and Lisa were hurting, but many times over. My mind had trouble comprehending their pain, let alone what happened to Lucia, such a sweet, innocent, beautiful woman, despite everything.

"Counseling helped a great deal, Lisa, and I recommend it for you as well. Additionally, I've had the support of my Mistress and friends, like Master Sam, Marcia and Chantelle, Dawn and Zoe. Not to mention you and Julia and Master Scott. Having me in your home, even now, while you're in pain, is very generous. I will do what I can to help you get through it." She squeezed Lisa's hands in her own.

And pure of heart, despite it all. How had she remained so hopeful, resilient, and kind after what happened to her and her family? Some people were amazing, able to overcome long odds and huge obstacles. I hoped God would be kind to her and grant her what she wanted. Yet, I had the feeling it wouldn't matter if He didn't. She'd always be a wonderful ambassador of God's love and forgiveness, more than I ever would. I had such hatred for Jack right now, it burned, like acid.

"Thank you, Lucia," Lisa responded. "It means a great deal to me we can help you as well. That pain and despair can be bounced on its head and love and hope take its place. You're more than welcome into our home." They shared a gentle kiss. "Master, can you check to see if I can have another Vicodin. My ribs are killing me."

I checked the instructions from the hospital including her last dose. An hour too soon to give another now. I checked the rest of the instructions. Ice, and deep breaths to prevent pneumonia. Deep breaths with cracked ribs would hurt like hell, but I could give her ice to reduce swelling and bruising. I got an ice pack and gave her two ibuprofen.

"Try to hold out as long as you can on these, love. I'll give you another Vicodin in an hour if you need it."

"Thank you, Master."

She held out for two hours, long enough to get through our dinner. After taking another opiate, she wanted to sleep again. She chose to try sleeping upright in the easy chair in the living room rather than lie on the bed. There'd be less tossing and turning anyway.

After getting her comfortable and holding her hand until she fell asleep, I went out to the patio. Sam, Marcia and Lucia were soaking in the hot tub. Zoe was following her doctors instructions to stay out of spas, but was seated close enough to talk to the others. I got into the tub with the other three.

Lucia said, "Master Scott, it's important you have sex with Lisa as soon as you can. The same with Julia when she gets back."

"Why?" I asked.

"Part of the insidious nature of being raped is you feel defiled by your rapist and you can never be loved again by your loved ones. It's even worse in countries like mine where virginity is still highly prized. They've not only taken it brutally, by force, but spoiled you for most normal relationships. If I weren't a lesbian, I might never have found a husband. In your country, it's not so important to most people. Many people enter marriage without purity and not give it a second thought. But right now, your slaves feel unworthy in your eyes, that you won't or can't love them any more because they've been sullied by their rapist. Loving them, having sex, will allay their fears. Whether or not it would harm them physically to have sex is less important than feeling secure in your love. The longer you delay, the more tainted they'll feel. Making love to them will reassure them they're not spoiled."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
"I don't want to hurt them."

"Let them take the lead, Master Scott. They know what they can tolerate. Provide oral sex, fuck their ass if they can't be fucked vaginally. They need to know they're still desirable to you. Their physical pain is nothing compared to their emotional anguish right now, I know."

"She's right, Master," Zoe said. "The worst feeling I would have in the world is thinking I'd lost the love of my Mistress. As long as I'm sure of that, I can withstand tons of physical pain. Even pregnancy - feeling fat and unloved - can make us despondent, which is why it's important to us mothers that their lovers continue to cherish us sexually. Julia will be carrying a double burden, feeling unloveable because she's getting bigger, then throwing this on top will be unbearable. As long as they're secure in your feelings for them, they'll do better. Saying you still love them won't be enough unless you show them as well. Words are less important than actions."

"Makes sense to me, Scott," Sam said. "When you get right down to it, the major reason we find it difficult sharing our women is insecurity about how much they'll love us after it happens. Will they still love us or love the other person they fucked more? If you know in your heart their feelings for you wouldn't change, it wouldn't make as much difference to us. Do you care anything about whom a one night stand has fucked before or after you? Not one whit. But the women you love is a totally different matter. It's why I find it so miraculous Marcia could share me with Chantelle or your wife could share you with Lisa. They have to be damn sure about the depths of your love for them to risk you having someone else in your life."

"Which is why I had to be sure you were willing to give Chantelle up for me," Marcia said, "and it was still hard. You're lucky I've come to love her as much as you do."

Sam kissed her. "I'm incredibly lucky and I'll never deny it isn't so." She snuggled closer to him.

"Thank you for telling me, Lucia. I'm so afraid of hurting them, I might have stayed away for a week or more."

"I saw how reluctant you are to touch Lisa," Lucia said, "like fragile china. Let your slaves tell you when it hurts. If you don't want to spank her, that's fine, but don't stop fucking her. Your sexual relationship is very important to a slave."

It got closer to the time I wanted to go see Julia again. We'd eaten a lot for dinner, so Zoe and Lucia were planning on serving more salad for supper. I went inside to check on Lisa. She was still dozing in the chair. I stroked her head lightly, not intending to wake her, merely to touch her, assure myself she was okay. She stirred.

"Hello, Master," stretching her arms and legs, trying to keep her torso immobile.

"Good afternoon, my beautiful girl. How are you doing?"

"Okay; not great."

"Would you feel better if you had a few orgasms?"

"Much better, sir. The bed?"

"Right here will be fine," I murmured. "Let me get you more ibuprofen first."

Bringing her another 200 mg and a glass of water, I gave them to her.

"Now, just lie back and slide your bottom towards the front of my chair and I'll use my mouth on you."

She did as I instructed, parting her legs for me. I knelt on the floor in front of the chair and began a slave's seduction of her Mistress. Within ten minutes, I had her moaning her orgasm, quickly followed by two more. At some point, Zoe came by to use the bathroom. The sight of a slave being used by their dominant not an unfamiliar sight to her. She whispered something in Lisa's ear which I couldn't hear. Whatever it was, seemed to make Lisa squirm all the more. Zoe stood up and squeezed my shoulder as she passed. Lisa climaxed again, my face coated with her juices.

"What did Zoe whisper to you?" I asked, pausing.

"She said my Master must love me very much to kneel at my feet."

I smiled. "She's right. I do love you very much." She moaned when I resumed my task.

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 31|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-31|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<em>Everyone deals with the aftermath of the attack on Julia and Lisa. This chapter has oral, anal, and vaginal fucking, masturbation and lesbian sex. No STD's exist for the purposes of this story. </em>

<strong>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 31 - Aftermath</strong>

JULIA

I had tests all day, never quite getting any sleep between them, feeling tired and worn out. My face hurt, my head slightly less so. Dr. Sturgis came to see me just before they served supper.

"The test results look pretty good. We're going to keep you overnight again, just to be on the safe side. Barring any setbacks, you can go home tomorrow morning."

"When can I have sex again, Doctor?"

"Surely, your husband can wait a few days before needing sex again," Doctor Sturgis said.

"It's not for him, it's for me. I need to have sex again." She looked at me curiously. "Perhaps it's my pregnancy, but I'm horny all the time," I said. Not the pregnancy, but my slavery, but she had no need to know that.

"I'd recommend you delay sexual intercourse until Tuesday," the doctor answered.

Shit! "What about anal intercourse?" I asked. Any port in a storm.

The doctor looked at me again. I smiled sweetly.

"I suppose you could resume anal intercourse any time you wish."

Sweet. "Thank you, Doctor. I'm assuming there's nothing preventing me from having lesbian sex with my other partner?"

"As long as you don't use strap-ons vaginally until Tuesday."

Great! Life might finally be getting back to normal once I was home. That asshole, Jack, had done enough to spoil my life.

The doctor left and it wasn't long before they brought supper in. I suppose it satisfied nutritional requirements for a pregnant mother, but ugh; hospital food.

Master arrived around 6:30. What I wanted more than anything was for him to fuck me, which I suppose was out of the question since I couldn't vaginally fuck until Tuesday. We talked, him tending to stay away from the subject of what happened. I suppose he didn't want to think about another man fucking me. I didn't want to think about it. I was still ashamed I'd taken him so easily, such a fucking slave.

Janet arrived at quarter after seven, just having gotten off work. She hugged me, telling me she was sorry for what happened. I supposed I should be checking on her as her Mistress.

In front of Master, I asked, "Are you naked underneath your dress, Janet?"

"Yes, Mistress." Blushing. Still not accustomed to having no privacy as a slave.

"Show me."

She glanced at Master, her eyes wide. I snapped my fingers, drawing her attention back to me and signaling she raise her dress. She did so, her blush deepening. When both Master and I had viewed her naked cunt, I told her Master was going to test her wetness. Shivering as if she had the ague, she stood still as Master ran a finger through her slit, then showing me his juice slicked finger.

Suddenly, I had a marvelous idea.

"Slave, put a chair in front of the door. Sit down in it. Don't let anyone in. If they should ask why, tell them I'm having oral sex. I also expect you to masturbate the entire time. You may cum once."

Master looked at me with a huge grin. "Are you sure, Julia?"

"Yes, Master. I need you so badly." I pulled up my hospital gown, baring my sex, getting stubbly as I hadn't shaved it in a couple days.

He didn't question my decision, which surprised me somewhat, only waiting for Janet to obey and pull a chair in front of the door and sit down. He then crawled into the bed with me and began licking my cunt. Fuck, it felt good! For five minutes, he caressed me with his tongue. I was getting close to my first orgasm. The monitors attached to me started blipping faster and faster as my heart rate increased. Someone tried to push open the door, running into the chair.

"Go away. They're indecent," Janet said, rubbing herself as I'd ordered.

"Her pulse and blood pressure are elevated," the nurse called out. "I need to check her."

"It's elevated because she's receiving oral sex. It will go down when she stops," Janet replied.

There was the longest pause outside the door, as the nurse considered the situation. Finally she said, "Fine, call me if she needs help."

Janet couldn't help herself. "With the sex?" Then she moaned and climaxed herself, unable to help herself. I laughed and Master paused momentarily to chuckle, before finishing me off.

"Master," I whispered, post orgasm, "I needed that so much. I missed you so, and to have this happen as you were about to come home was devastating to me."

"Not nearly as much as it was to me, Julia. If anything serious had happened to you, I'd be lost."

"Something serious did happen."

"Not to me, Julia. Maybe to you, but the baby is fine and you will be. If you're concerned how I would feel about it, don't concern yourself. I was stupid enough to let you fuck other men. He's just another man. He doesn't even count. The only thing that matters is you're both okay." He patted my tummy. "Do you want to cum again?"

"Yes, please, sir."

Master dipped between my legs again and he didn't stop until I'd cum twice more. When he got up, he tried to wipe his face with facial tissues, but it left little white fuzzy particles all over his face. I laughed and pointed towards the mirror. He looked at himself and smiled ruefully.

"Looks like I'll have to wash my face," he said. He went into the bathroom and I heard the water running.

Janet was still masturbating herself. "You can stop now. Lick your fingers clean."

"Yes, Mistress."

"When you're done, open the door again so they know I haven't died."

"Of course, Mistress."

Janet did as I instructed, waving to the nurses station after she opened the door. She moved the chair back into place.

A nurse came to the door, a little cautiously, I thought, not knowing what to expect or what she'd see. I was sitting innocently on the bed, my gown down around my knees again. Master was in the bathroom, washing his face.

"Are you okay?" She asked.

"Never better. The best I've ever felt in a hospital."

The nurse gave a nervous smile. She left and Janet asked, "Weren't you embarrassed?"

"Slaves are seldom embarrassed," I said. "I've been fucked in front of other people. This was nothing. The door was closed. Were you embarrassed?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"You should get over it. Sex is as natural as breathing. I don't know what happened to society that something so normal, suddenly became so wrong. We're the only species in the world concerned about the privacy of our mating. Violence runs rampant in our society, but our politicians squeal more about someone walking naked in the street than they do about the number of murders and assaults we have in the country. Somehow, things got turned upside down. Jack would probably be more castigated if he raped me in public than he'll be for the rape itself. Something is wrong."

Master came out of the bathroom. "Do you know what time you're supposed to be released tomorrow?"

"The nurse told me nine when they fed me supper."

"I'll come by at 8:30. The others are staying long enough to see you settled at home before they go back to LA."

"Good, sir. I'd like to thank them once more for all they've done for us. I'm feeling remarkably relaxed. I should have no trouble sleeping tonight." Master smiled at me. "Thank you, sir. I was worried how you felt."

"Lucia knew how you'd be feeling, having gone through similar herself. She warned me of what you might be going through. I was trying to treat you with kid gloves because of what happened. She told me what you really wanted was a good fucking. Janet," he said, "good to see you again." Janet blushed again. He left.

"Unless you want to start licking my cunt; you might want to leave as well. I'm tired. Give me a kiss."

Janet kissed me. "I'll see you Tuesday morning for work, and probably more submissive activities."

"Yes, Mistress."

She left. I turned over on my good cheek and went to sleep; the best night's sleep I'd had since Master left for LA. He still loved me.

******

SCOTT

I'd been surprised when Julia had me touch Janet's cunt. Surprised she asked me to and surprised how wet Janet was. I suspect she was more submissive than she might ever have believed she'd be. That surprise didn't hold a candle to how surprised I was when Julia urged me to have oral sex with her in the hospital bed.

Fortunately, I remembered Lucia telling me my slaves required reassurance they were still desirable to me. I overcame my own nerves at doing it at the hospital to give her the assurances she needed. The fact Janet was masturbating in the room with us was an added benefit.

I couldn't help but laugh when Janet asked the nurse if she wanted to help with the sex. I actually felt better than at any other time since being notified of the 911. Of course, it left me with a bit of an erection I would need to take care of at some point. It had been over 36 hours since I last had sex. Unfortunately, both of my slaves were out of commission. I thought briefly of exploring whether Zoe would be up for more sex, but the thought of fucking her while my slaves were hurt left a bad taste in my mouth. I supposed it meant I would have to take care of it the old fashioned way; maybe in the shower.

Lisa was sleeping in my easy chair when I got back home. Sam, Marcia and Zoe were watching "Schitt's Creek" on Netflix, the sound turned low and closed captioning on. All of them were naked, which did its part to kickstart the erection I'd managed to lose on the way home.

"Would you like a drink, Master Scott?" Lucia asked, looking up from the book she was reading.

"Are you familiar with a whiskey sour?" I asked.

"Yes, sir."

"I'd love one of those."

"Of course, sir.

Lucia got up and went to the kitchen to mix the drink.

"Why don't you get comfortable, Scott?" Marcia asked. She pointed to my clothes.

"I'm afraid I'd feel a little out of place," I said. "I'm a wee bit excited."

"There's no one here who hasn't seen an erection, Master Scott," Zoe said. "As you recall, I've even played with yours recently."

"I guess I'm concerned about Lucia."

"Why, Master Scott?" Lucia asked, returning and handing me my drink.

"Because of what happened to you, I guess."

"Are you one of the men who raped me, sir?

"No."

"Do you intend to rape me, Master Scott?"

"Never."

"You do realize I've fucked Master Sam a couple dozen times in an attempt to become pregnant, sir?"

"I assumed so."

"Then you won't be showing me anything I haven't seen on him, Master Scott," she said. "I don't know how long I will need to stay here, but you have two beautiful slaves and I don't expect you to quit fucking them whenever you choose because I'm your guest. I'm accustomed to seeing people fucking. Mostly, it's women, but Master Sam isn't too particular about where he uses his slaves either. So, do what you normally would. I don't want to interfere in your home life."

I smiled at her. "As you wish."

Going into my bedroom, I removed my clothes, putting everything in the dirty clothes hamper. When I returned, Mini Me was quite rampant, pointing up at the 10:00 position.

Lisa spoke up from her chair, apparently awake. "That looks quite painful, Master. Would you like your slave to take care of it for you?"

"You're awake?"

"I heard people talking about your cock. It seemed like something I'd be interested in, sir."

"How are you doing?"

"Ready for more pain relief, sir." Lucia got up to get more ibuprofen. She'd made herself useful before, I imagined. "You haven't answered my question. I can take care of your erection. Would you like me to?"

I hesitated. Lisa was hurting. She'd just asked for more pain pills, so I knew she was hurting, but Lucia was standing behind her with the pills shaking her head, yes.

"Are you sure you're up for it, Lisa?"

"As long as you let me dictate the action and don't smash into my face, I'll be fine, sir."

"Very well. Take your pills first."

Lucia handed her two pills and the glass of water beside the chair. Lisa swallowed them down, then opened her mouth for me. I put my cock in her mouth, then held still, letting her drive.

In front of four people, Lisa sucked me off. She didn't take me all the way down, accepting about half of my prick, moving quite slowly and gently so as not to move too much. But within the limits of what she allowed herself to move, she was doing a fantastic job, and I was ready to spill my seed after so long without. I was groaning, having the hardest time not to thrust into her mouth. I could feel the percolation in my balls, the stirring foreshadowing of my orgasm. Lisa felt it too. The increased hardness of my cock, the rubbing against the roof of her mouth as it tried to rise higher and stiffer. She reached over with her hand and cupped my sack, gently weighing the contents. I felt them rise, and my cock twitched and pulsed, jets of cum surging to fill her mouth, overloading her ability to swallow. Dribbles of my cum, leaking from the corners of her lips as I groaned in relief. Sucking fiercely for the last few drops, Lisa emptied me, then wiping her chin for the drops which escaped, she licked her fingers clean.

"That was quite the show, Scott. Much better than 'Schitt's Creek'," Sam said, standing, pulling Marcia up with him. His cock now hard as well. "Come, dear. You have something to take care of now."

He kissed her and led her to their bedroom upstairs. The sight of her ass disappearing up the stairs, making my cock twitch again.

"That actually seems like a very good idea to me too," Zoe said. She took Lucia's hand. "Come with me, Lucia, and we can pleasure one another."

They disappeared in Lucia's room, closing the door behind them.

"Would you like to continue watching the show?" I asked.

"What I'd really like is a shower, sir," Lisa said.

"Can you stand that long?"

"I don't know, sir. Could we put a plastic chair in the shower?"

We had some plastic chairs we used around one of the tables on the patio. "Sure. I'll get one."

I got a chair and put it in the shower, then assisted Lisa stand and helped her into the shower. I had a wand shower head so I could carefully wash her. I was particularly careful around her ribs, mostly letting the water spray do the work. I also washed her hair.

"Master, my cunt is getting bristly. Could you please shave it for me?"

"You trust me with a razor around your cunt?"

"You have as much reason to be careful as I do. It belongs to you, sir."

I laughed. "Whatever you say, slave."

Being very careful around the slick folds, I scraped the hair stubble from around her slit. After rinsing the shave cream off, and since I was in the neighborhood anyway, I licked her to an orgasm. No reason she shouldn't have a little fun as well, and orgasm endorphins would help her chest pain as well as her ibuprofen would.

"Another please, Master," Lisa panted.

I not only gave her one, I gave her two more.

When we were done, I helped dry her off, brushing her hair until it was dry.

"Would you like to sleep in the chair," I asked, "or will you try the bed?"

"I'd love to be with you, Master, but I should sleep in the chair so I'm not lying on my ribs."

"I'll sleep on the couch so you can sleep close to me," I said.

"Thank you, Master."

I set Lisa up with another cold pack, Vicodin, and a pillow on the chair. I grabbed a blanket and pillow for myself. As I went to sleep, I held Lisa's hand.

******

I woke up with a pair of lips wrapped around my cock early the next morning. The house was dim, still too early for anything but street lamps to shine through the windows.

"What?" I mumbled groggily.

"Shh, Master. I woke up and need to be fucked."

"Lisa?"

"Yes, Master." She dipped back over my cock, again, unable to take all of me, but doing what she could. As soon as she had me hard enough, she mounted my cock, sliding easily over my shaft.

"I needed this so much, Master," bouncing up and down on my dick.

"More than rest apparently," I moaned.

"I've slept enough the last two days, sir. I needed fucking more."

Lisa didn't move quickly, nice slow movement up and down my prick, taking it easy so she wasn't jolted. She was able to ride me for fifteen minutes, cumming twice, before I groaned and sent a load of sperm into her cunt. She shivered as she felt me empty into her.

She lay down over my chest. "Thank you, Master."

"Thank you."

"Is it okay if I stay here for awhile."

"Of course. As long as you're comfortable."

The second time I fell asleep it was with Lisa draped over me. It wasn't particularly comfortable, but it was soothing. I slept again.

******

My alarm woke me up at 7:30, waking Lisa as well.

"Looks like someone had a good time," Zoe said. "Breakfast will be ready in five minutes. I was about to wake you."

I looked around. Everybody else was up. Lucia and Sam were making breakfast. Marcia was setting the table. Lisa slowly maneuvered herself off me. She winced when she stretched.

"I don't feel like I'm being a good host since you're cooking for me," I said.

"No problem," Sam said. "Considering the reason we're here, you've been an excellent host." He started dishing up some fried potatoes, handing the plate to Lucia, who added scrambled eggs and bacon, who handed the plate to Marcia, who set it on the table.

"Do you want to try sitting at the table with us, Lisa, or should I put you back in the easy chair?" Zoe asked.

"I'd like to try sitting at the table," Lisa said.

"Take my arm," Zoe said.

Zoe helped Lisa sit down. Zoe handed her some orange juice and more pain pills, ibuprofen instead of more Vicodin.

"I'm sorry if this isn't right, but I didn't know when you took your last prescription pill."

"This is fine," Lisa said, "I don't like taking prescription painkillers anyway. Too many people become addicted to them. I'll take one later if I need it."

"A couple of my fellow officers became addicted to opiates after surgeries," Marcia said. "Both lost their jobs. It's a very valid concern."

Sam and Lucia both sat down, carrying the last of the plates. Zoe and Marcia sat down as well.

"To friends," I said, raising my juice glass, "who'll drop everything to help you out."

"To friends," they echoed.

"We'll stay until I need to leave in order to get home on time for work," Marcia said. "Hopefully, I'll have time to give a few self defense pointers before I leave, since it appears they haven't caught the guy yet. Lucia can help you practice. She's become very good."

"What are you working this week?" Lisa asked.

"Same as last week," Marcia replied, then realized Lisa might not know what she worked last week. "Four to midnight."

"Probably need to leave at eleven then, to be sure to get back in time," I said. "It's too bad you're not driving a truck. We've got two bed frames done. They can be broken down, but not small enough to take in a car."

"Gives us another reason to get together," Zoe said. "Your slaves owe Mistress and me favors."

I laughed. "They're good for it."

"Perhaps after Sam, Marcia and Zoe leave, you can show me how to use the power tools, Master Scott."

"Of course. I'll show you the plans for the other things we're building too."

It was soon time to leave to pick up Julia. I went by myself. At least she didn't have broken ribs. Julia was ready to check out. I was given several pages of post-hospital instructions for her too. She'd already graduated to lesser pain pills. She had 800 mg ibuprofens, four times the amount in the pills at home, but if we ran out, she could take four of the smaller pills, perhaps staggering them. The nurse helped wheel her out in a wheel chair, while I parked the car at the entrance. She helped Julia into the car.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
As the nurse fastened Julia's seat belt, she said, "You were very naughty last night. We don't usually have patients having sex in their rooms."

I looked at her closely and realized she'd been one of those on duty when we'd had sex in the hospital room.

"Long shift," I pointed out.

"Worked a double. I'm about to get off."

"Thanks for not making a big stink about it," Julia said. "I hadn't seen my husband in a week."

"Are you newlyweds?"

Julia laughed. "Married ten years, but we have a very active sex life."

She looked at me and I nodded, confirming.

"I wish my husband wanted to have sex with me so badly."

"Special circumstances," Julia said.

"What special circumstances?" She asked.

"I'm his sex slave," Julia laughed. "Totally voluntary, I assure you," she added when she saw the look of shock on the nurses face.

"How does that work?"

"I have sex whenever and however my husband wants."

"So he was the instigator of the sex last night?"

"No," Julia replied, "I was. A sex slave has certain needs. He chose to fulfill them for me. He could have left me wanting."

The nurse looked dubious, not believing Julia had initiated the sex last night. Julia lifted up her skirt, exposing her pussy to the nurse, then ran her finger through her slit, soaking it in her juices. She showed it to the nurse.

"I'm always wet, always ready to be fucked, always needing to be fucked. It's my constant state as his sex slave." She licked her fingers. "I haven't gone without sex for twenty-four hours since I volunteered myself to be his sex slave. I was dying for his touch last night. What we did last night was a fraction of what I wanted to do, believe me."

"Excuse me," I said, "we need to leave."

"Could I call you? I'd like to know more."

"Yes," Julia replied. "My number should be in my file. Give me a couple days. Any time tomorrow night or later."

"My name is Stephanie, Stephanie Freiberg" she said. "I can't wait to learn more." She closed the car door.

I started driving. I looked at Julia. She had a big smile on her face.

"Are you hoping to teach her the joys of sex slavery?" I asked.

"If she wants to know and you permit me, Master. She's only curious at the moment."

I laughed. "So was Janet. Look what happened with her." What had I unleashed when I offered to let her be my sex slave for three weeks?

******

JULIA

The nurse, Stephanie, had a nice body; maybe an inch shorter than I was. Dark hair and eyes, lovely figure. If she wanted to know more about sex slavery, I'd be happy to show her.

When we got home, I immediately shed my clothes, before I even thanked the others for coming to my rescue. Even the hospital gown more than I'd been accustomed to wearing for so long. They were all dressed except Lucia, ready to leave whenever they were ready. A couple suitcases stood near the door. I hugged Zoe. It was odd, bumping bellies with Zoe, both of us pregnant and starting to show.

"Thank you for caring for my Master," I told her after kissing her.

"You're welcome," she replied.

"The picture Master sent of you in bed with him made me want to turn you into my slave bitch. I suppose I'll have to abandon that desire now you've helped me again."

"I'm sure Brianna would have been quite angry if you even attempted it," Zoe laughed.

"Yes, I'm sure she would. I'm probably already in trouble with one Mistress. I don't need trouble with two."

"Sam, Marcia," I said, hugging each of them. "I can't begin to tell you how grateful I am you helped get my Master back so quickly."

"You're welcome, Julia," Marcia said. "Scott was so desperate to return, he might have crashed if I didn't help. How are you feeling?"

"I can't have vaginal sex for a few days, which is a drag, and my cheek hurts, but otherwise I feel fine."

Seeing Lucia standing there, quiet and reserved, I hugged her, welcoming her to our home.

She responded, "Gracias, Julia. I got your beautiful card. I thank you for allowing me to stay with you."

"You're welcome, Lucia. We're happy to help in any way we can."

I also hugged Lisa, though gently, knowing her ribs were hurting. I also kissed her. She and I hadn't had sex for a couple days now.

"Before I leave," Marcia said, "I wanted to show you and Lisa some self defense tactics, since they haven't found your attacker yet."

Lisa sat up straighter, watching. "Hell, yes," I said. "I'll kill the bastard if I see him again."

"Tell me what you did when he was here."

I explained my coming up the stairs, grabbing the meat fork and big butcher knife, stabbing him in the ass with the meat fork while he raped Lisa, telling him I'd called the police and to leave while holding the knife out.

"Show me how you held the knife?" Marcia asked.

Putting my arm straight out from my body at full length, I showed her.

"Lucia, please get a proper knife for self defense and show them how to hold it."

She went into the kitchen and came back with a thin bladed boning knife. She crouched, holding the knife low and close to her body.

"First of all, your selection of a butcher knife sucked. It's good for slicing meat, not so good for stabbing through a rib cage where the most lethal blows can be made. You must remember to hold a butcher knife sideways to go through the ribs, and you have enough to worry about without concerning yourself how you're holding a knife. A slimmer blade will penetrate the ribs easier regardless of how it's held. Lisa's stab in the back probably hung up on his ribs, not penetrating deep enough to do major damage."

Lisa nodded.

"Secondly, never ever hold the blade up here," Marcia held her hand over her head, "instead of down here." She lowered her hand like she was holding a sword. "Up here, nothing but bone to attack." She pointed to her head, shoulders, rib cage. "Down here, lots of soft tissue - belly, legs, gonads. A slice across here," she pointed to the insides of her thighs, "will cut the femoral artery and you'll bleed out within minutes. Hold the knife closer to your body like Lucia is. Makes it harder for an attacker to knock it out of your hand."

"Yes," I said. "He knocked the knife out of my hand with a pillow."

"Don't wave the knife around, or slash. Stab, especially if they reach for you. Stab at the hands and arms, quick thrusts, then back close to your body." Lucia demonstrated, her hands quick, darting like a snake, then back. "When you get a chance to stab the body, go low, belly, groin, legs; in and out, don't linger. Bring it back to further protect you, keep them from grabbing it. After he knocked the knife out of your hand, what did you try to do?"

"Tried to kick his balls. I was too slow."

"The balls are a tempting target, but men expect you to go for them, so they're looking for it. It's incapacitating and they know it. Don't go for the balls, go for this area right here." She pointed to the outside of her thigh. "It's a really big target and no one tries to protect it because they don't know how effective it is. Right on the outside of the thigh is the common peroneal nerve. If you hit it hard enough, the person can't stand. His leg will buckle and he's down on the ground, so you can run away or do any number of things. Sam, stand here."

Sam stood next to her and Marcia demonstrated several ways to strike his thigh, with a leg kick, a foot, a knee, a hammer fist, bladed hand, not hitting him, but merely pointing each of the methods out.

"It doesn't matter how big and strong they are. Their leg will give way and they will crumple to the ground if hit here hard enough. Most people don't expect it, it's a huge target, and hard to defend, not like your groin. In fact, if they think you'll kick their junk, they may actually turn the thigh toward you, making an even better target."

She feinted towards Sam's balls and he twisted, turning his thigh towards her. She stopped short of hitting him again.

"Will that really drop a big man?" Master asked.

"Do you want to try it?" Marcia asked. "I can have Lucia demonstrate it on you."

Master looked at the tiny Lucia and appeared to be considering it when Sam said, "Don't. Most of these techniques have been demonstrated or practiced on me at one time or another. Your leg will be numb for hours."

Marcia smiled at him. "You're spoiling our fun, Sam."

Master changed his mind quickly. "I think I'll pass." Marcia and Lucia laughed.

"You should be armed with a gun in the house until Jack is caught. He sounded crazy enough to come after you again. Scott, please get your firearm."

Master went into the bedroom closet and got a gun. I knew he had one there and I'd fired it a few times at the gun range. I didn't even know what it was. He handed it to Marcia handle first, and two other things I learned later were magazines. Marcia checked the clips and opened the gun, inspecting the barrel.

"Nice. A Smith and Wesson M&amp;P 9 MM. If you come to LA, I'll take you to a gun range and I'll give you pointers, but in the absence of that, let me tell you a few things.

"When you're attacked, adrenaline floods your body; the fight or flight response. Adrenaline increases your strength, endurance, jacks up your heart rate, pumping more blood and oxygen to the body, starts to constrict the blood vessels on the outside of your body, pushing more blood to lungs, brain and other organs. The bad part of this is it reduces fine motor skills. They completely go to shit. Trying to thread a needle is damn near impossible. Swinging clubs, throwing fists and running like hell is what you're good for at that point. Trying to shoot a man's pecker off is hard under those circumstances, so you shoot for center mass. This area from here to here." She pointed from her neck to her pelvis.

"What about aiming?" Lisa asked. "I've never fired a gun before."

"You're not trying to win a marksmanship competition," Marcia said. "Point your finger at me now. Don't aim, just point."

Lisa pointed. It appeared to me, she was pointing right at her.

"That's how you'll aim the gun. In all probability, he'll be closer than six feet when you pull the trigger. If he's across the room, wait until he gets closer or leaves if he's smart. Don't hold your gun out at arms length unless he's far away and you're using the sights. Just like the knife, keep it close to your body so it can't be knocked out of your hand. If he's retreating, don't shoot. It may no longer be self defense. You don't want your fate to be in the hands of a prosecutor and a jury. Nobody will charge you with a crime if he's coming after you in your own home. You don't know what will happen if you shoot someone who's running away. Be prepared for the gun kick and the noise. Don't let it startle you. That's the main reason you'll want to go to the gun range; to get used to the noise and kick, which isn't that bad in modern weapons."

"What caliber weapon should they carry?" Master asked.

"This would do fine. It comes with multiple grips so it will fit smaller hands. If you want to carry concealed, you might want the smaller version, an M&amp;P 2.0 Compact Crimson Trace Laserguard would do. It has a green laser sight which will help the new shooters with accuracy. Generally speaking, they should carry a 9 MM or .38 caliber, with high velocity ammunition like Federal Hydra-Shok or Speer Gold Dot jacketed hollow points, no full metal jacket or armor piercing. You don't want the bullet to pass through your target and hit someone else. You want the bullet to expand and tear up his guts and remain inside him. Anything smaller may not be enough firepower, bigger might be too hard for them to handle. Do you have ammo now?"

"Lead nose slugs for target practice. Automatic or revolver?" Master asked. At this point they were all speaking Greek to me.

"Personal preference at this point. Whatever is most comfortable for the user. Automatic will usually hold more bullets, but revolvers are usually easier for you to load and get accustomed to. You're not planning on getting into a shoot out, so six bullets is probably plenty.

"Make sure you follow state laws regarding carrying and concealment. It will take up to ninety days to get a concealed carry permit, but anyone can have a firearm in their house. Lucia has a concealed weapons permit, good for a 9 MM or .38 caliber handgun. She can carry if you have to leave the house. She's been well trained in self defense. It was part of her therapy in overcoming her fear of men. If you wish to practice anything we've discussed today, she's your girl. She can also show you more self defense techniques."

"Okay," I said. "Thank you."

"One last thing about a gun. It has no respect for whatever you're aiming at. Make sure you're aiming at what you want to hit before pulling the trigger. Don't mistakenly shoot someone who just got out of bed to use the bathroom. Make sure of your target. Even the background, what's beyond your target, in case you miss. Shooting into a crowd of people will make for a very bad day for everyone concerned. Any questions?"

"No. I think you covered the major points," I said.

"I agree," Lisa added. "I pity the bastard if he tries coming back."

"Good. I think we're ready to leave, boys and girls," Marcia said. "Grab your stuff. I need to be to work in a few hours. We can stop for fast food on the way."

One last round of hugs all the way around and we said goodbye to all of our guests except Lucia. She gave extra big hugs to everyone, even Sam. He was the normal source for her sperm. I wondered how the doctor intended to achieve fertilization. Whether she would treat her, then send her back to LA, or would Sam need to come back here?

******

SCOTT

We said goodbye to Zoe, Marcia and Sam. As we hugged, I thanked Marcia again for everything she'd done to get me home quickly and Zoe for being my friend and lover in LA. After they left, I offered to show Lucia the power tools. She quickly agreed, wanting to feel useful. Julia came with.

I showed Lucia everything we had except the table saw in the garage. It was all battery operated, and used the same batteries, of which we had several extras on charger. Power tools didn't care what you were cutting, including flesh and bone, and would cut through anything in an instant, so I stressed safety with her. You couldn't possibly hurt yourself as easily with hand tools as you could with power tools. Lisa was probably out of commission as long as her ribs hurt, but Julia was feeling well enough she could work with Lucia. With Janet starting on Tuesday and Reneé later this week, there'd be four people working on furniture while Lisa recovered. They'd get by fine. Lucia had more experience than either of the new girls.

When we'd finished, we went back upstairs.

"I'd like you to be as comfortable as you can be while you're visiting, Lucia. Anything we can do to make your stay better, please let us know."

"Gracias, Master Scott."

"Just Master, Lucia, since Sam isn't here." She nodded. "Would you like female company each night?"

"Not until Lisa is feeling comfortable sleeping in bed, Master. I'd hate to deprive you of a slave until both of them are ready to sleep with you."

"Thank you. I'll give an hour with Julia this evening to settle yourself in. You'll need to be ready to leave the house at 7:15 to be at the clinic in time for your 8:00 appointment. Set your alarm appropriately. Julia can drive you. None of you leaves the house alone from now until Jack is caught. Lisa, don't let anyone in the house for any reason. Since Jack got away and he knows the police might be looking for him, he might have enlisted someone else's help. He's obviously staying somewhere other than his house or he would have been caught by now."

"You're most kind, Master. We shall be on the lookout," Lucia said. "Might I ask if people can get to the patio from outside."

"We put up high walls to have privacy, but I imagine they're not unscalable if someone wants to get in bad enough."

"Does the security system extend to the patio doors, Master?"

"It does."

"I would suggest we keep the patio doors locked and the security system on all the time, Master. No one should go out on the porch without the others either. It might be like leaving the house."

"Ladies, you'll do as she suggested. No going out to the pool unless more than one of you goes and keep the patio doors locked and the alarm system on until Jack is caught."

Both of them groaned. I knew they both enjoyed going out at times for a breath of fresh air or a quick swim or dip in the hot tub. Things would need to change for awhile.

"It's not just you I'm concerned for now," I said. "Lucia is staying here and this week, both Janet and Reneé will be starting work. You wouldn't want Lucia to undergo another rape nor for your friends to go through what you did, would you?"

"No, Master," Julia said, touching her cheek, then rubbing her stomach, the new life inside. "We'll comply."

"Why don't you help me make some lunch, Julia. Sandwiches and chips should be sufficient?"

"Of course, sir."

We went into the kitchen. It wasn't long before the sight of my naked, pregnant wife engaged in domestic chores caused a painful throbbing of my cock I felt I had to relieve. I released my erection from my shorts and bent her over the counter to enter her wetness. My cock was poised to take her cunt in a quick thrust when she said, "Stop."

I halted. "No vaginal fucking for now, Master."

I groaned. "Shit!"

"You can fuck my ass, sir."

"Not in the kitchen while we're preparing food." I tucked my cock away.

"I'll suck you, sir."

"I'll save it for later. I'm worried about your face."

We continued with the sandwiches, adding chips to the plates and choice of beverage over ice. Lucia helped support Lisa to come to the table. I sat down and Lisa sat in my lap. I fed her, taking my time, spending lots of time caressing her, kissing her, nuzzling her neck. When we'd finished eating, I slipped two fingers in her cunt and masturbated her to two orgasms.

"Master," she whispered into my neck as she slowly came down from the last one, "we missed you so much."

"I missed you too," I said.

"We were worried you would be reluctant to come home, sir."

"Why?"

"Because you were fucking two new women, fresh and exciting to you, not the same old ones you were used to."

"You arranged for me to fuck them. If you were concerned, why would you set it up?"

"It was more important for you to be happy, sir, than it was for us to feel secure."

I looked at Julia and she nodded in agreement. "We would do anything for you, Master."

"I thank you for looking after my needs. You need never worry about my desire to return to you. Every day, I thought of you and wished I was home. They were new, but they weren't my slaves. They were Brianna's. I would never treasure anyone more than I do you. You make my life complete." I kissed her.

"Master," Julia said, "our weekend was ruined. I was noticing my clothes are starting to get tight due to the baby and I thought we would need to go shopping for some maternity clothes. Now, all I want to do is fuck you. I don't want to spend time shopping."

"Why don't you and Lucia do some clothes shopping after her doctor's visit tomorrow?"

"I thought you might want to help pick some clothes out appropriate for a pregnant sex slave, sir."

"I'm sure you can figure out what kind of clothes your Master would appreciate."

"You don't want to just cover my growing belly, sir?"

"Not unless you want a spanking, slave. I expect you to remain appropriately pleasing and available to me."

"Yes, Master. Your slave hears and will obey."

Lucia smiled at me. She gave me a thumbs up. "I'll clean up if a Master wants to fuck his two sexy slaves."

"A Master would enjoy that very much." I helped Lisa stand. She winced. "More ibuprofen, Lisa."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"Please, Master."

Julia got another pill and Lisa took it with a sip of water. We walked to the bedroom.

******

Three hours later, Lisa was riding me, moving slowly over my cock. Julia was drenching my mouth with her cum, gasping in pleasure. It was the third time around for all of us. I'd fucked Lisa while she was kneeling and eating out her sister slave, and fucked Julia's ass while she did the same for Lisa. After a brief respite to give my cock a chance to recover, Julia had sucked me to hardness so I could fuck Lisa again. I was close to cumming the third time.

"How close are you, Lisa?" I moaned; Julia giving my mouth a brief rest as her pussy was quite sensitive.

"Very close, sir."

"Me too. Cum with me. I've got no more than a half minute left."

"Yes, sir."

She sped up, trying to obey. Of course, her increased speed was hastening my own explosion. I held out as long as I could, moaning as my sperm sped through my prick and into Lisa. She orgasmed moments later, her sexual contractions doing their best to drain every drop. Our climaxes ended, she rested where she was, my softening shaft inside her.

"I swear my orgasms do more to relieve my chest pains than the drugs, sir."

"Good to know. Would you like my help taking a shower again?"

"Please, Master."

"What about me, sir?" Julia complained. "Don't you want to help me shower?"

"You're not helpless, slave. You can wash yourself."

She tried to strike a sexy pose, ruined somewhat by her swelling stomach.

"Do you no longer find my body irresistible, Master?"

I laughed. "I find you eminently irresistible, slave. Very well, I'll wash you too, but you'll have to wait your turn."

"Thank you, sir."

Putting the chair in the shower again, I helped Lisa sit and washed her, carefully sponging her ribs. "I'll never forgive Jack for what he did to you. The rape was bad enough, but to harm you physically was unforgivable."

"You're not upset he raped me, sir?"

"I'm upset he raped you, but not because of the sex. I told Julia this last night and I'm telling you now. I was foolish enough to share you with other men. I don't want to do so again, but I can't claim this other incident of sex has tarnished or besmirched you in a way I haven't already done. You didn't deserve to be hurt or raped, but it doesn't affect how I feel about you. You're as lovely and wonderful as you've ever been, and nothing Jack could do to you can alter my feelings for you in the slightest. If you're concerned about it, don't be. I don't care about the sex. I care what he did to you."

She wrapped her hands around my neck and pulled me down for a kiss. "Thank you, Master."

"You're welcome, but I don't feel I've done anything special."

Of course, having expressed my affection for her, I had to finger fuck her to another orgasm, pushing deep and making her shiver and gasp in pleasure.

"I see you're in need of another shave," I said. "How often must you shave your cunt?"

"Every day, sir, if I wish to remain as smooth as I want for you."

"Is there any other way of removing pubic hair?"

"Waxing, though I would have to allow it to get longer before they can wax it off."

"What's waxing?" I was so ignorant.

"They fasten wax to the hair and rip it out by the roots, sir."

"Ouch! Women do that?"

"Women do a lot of things to be attractive to their men, sir."

"Can't you put creams on it to make the hair fall out; like Nair. They use that on legs don't they?"

"Most depilatories aren't to be used around genitals, Master. I haven't found any. I've looked."

"What about laser treatments? I've seen some TV ads about using lasers for hair removal."

"They cost thousands of dollars as you have to go multiple times and even then, it will have to be repeated in the future. They also aren't as effective on blonde hair like Julia's though they'll work better on my black hair. We could always let it grow back, sir."

"And have to pick hair out of our teeth when we have oral sex? No thank you. I'll shave you again."

"Thank you, sir."

Thus, I ended up shaving her again, and being in such close proximity to her cunt, licked her to another orgasm when I'd finished.

"Mmm. I feel so much better, Master. I'd like to try sleeping with you and Julia tonight. If it's too uncomfortable, I'll go back to the easy chair."

"It will be nice getting back to normal again," I said.

When it was Julia's turn, I didn't need the chair, but I washed her as I did Lisa, with much the same result. I even shaved her, taking notice in the differences in their pussies. It wasn't this often I was this close without having my face buried in their folds. Having shaved her, I needed to taste her again. She was leaning back against the wall with one of her legs over my shoulder to open herself to my attentions, breathing hard after she orgasmed.

"I love you, Julia," I whispered against her sex.

Julia grasped my hair and held me against her. "I love you too, Master."

"I know you do. You'll never know how much it means to me you do so. I was somewhat blind to how deeply you did. Dawn pointed out to me how much you would have to love me to first invite Lisa to join us, then arrange for me to have sex with other women while I was in LA. She said it took extraordinary love to do so, and I should never make you regret your gift to me."

"Dawn sounds like a perceptive young woman, sir."

"More so than you'd believe. She doesn't strike you as being profound, but she's amazingly so."

"Did you enjoy your time in LA, sir?"

"You made sure I did."

"Then I'm content, sir."

"As am I."

My tongue dipped between her folds again until she screamed for me, shuddering in my arms.

******

When we returned from the bedroom, Lucia was nowhere to be found. Then we heard tools in the basement. Julia helped get Lisa settled while I went into the basement. Lucia was industriously working on the bed frame.

"I'm going to need help getting some of this put together, sir," she said, pausing.

"Don't worry about it now. We were going to order some Thai food to be delivered. You need to pick out what you want."

"Are you sure you should have strangers coming to the house, Master."

Lucia was thinking a great deal about our safety. She was taking Marcia's instructions seriously.

"The reason we're ordering Thai. We know the delivery person. He's been here before." Though he wouldn't enjoy this delivery as much as he enjoyed his previous trips to our house.

"Very well, sir."

Lucia came up and picked out what she wanted from the menu. She was ready to return to the basement.

"Stay, Lucia, it's Sunday, a day of rest. You needn't work so hard when everyone else is relaxing."

"I want to make myself useful, sir. You've accepted me into your home and I should do something for your kindness."

"You can and you will, but not today. No one here will resent you taking some time to relax, least of all, me."

"Yes, Master."

"You can read, watch TV. Julia and I love to play cards, especially euchre. Are you familiar with the game? Do you even play cards?"

"No, sir. My family usually didn't have a lot of leisure time and we usually socialize around the pool at Mistress Brianna's. I know how to play dominos."

"We don't know how to play dominos. We'll teach each other to play different games. Euchre takes four people and we don't usually have four people. It will be fun having an extra person around."

"Thank you, sir. I'd enjoy that."

"Julia, while you're shopping for clothes tomorrow, pick up some dominos."

"Yes, Master."

"While you're at it, pick up some ammo that Marcia recommended."

"You'll have to write it down for me, sir."

"I know what it is, Master," Lucia said. "I'll pick it out for her."

I handed Lucia the gun. "Since you have a concealed weapons permit, I'll let you carry the gun for now. I'll get you the ammunition I have. You can replace it with the new stuff after we buy it."

"Yes, sir." She cleared the weapon. She looked quite competent doing so.

"If they haven't caught Jack by Friday, we'll all go to the gun range on Saturday and get in some practice. Maybe buy a smaller gun. One of the crimson trace laser aimed guns Marcia talked about."

All three of them agreed. I got the box of ammo I had for the automatic and the other back straps that came with it. Lucia replaced the back strap with the smallest one and held the gun, finding herself satisfied. She showed the empty gun to Julia and Lisa.

"Always assume the gun is loaded unless you've checked it first." She slid the slide back until it locked. "This is called clearing the weapon. You can see there's no magazine in it and see there's no bullet in the chamber. Before you hand the weapon to anyone else, clear the weapon. The person who accepts the weapon from you should also check it, otherwise they're assuming the weapon is unloaded and you should never assume it is. This is the slide release. When you push down on it, the slide moves forward into the firing position."

Lucia pressed down and the slide snapped forward. "If the gun were loaded, it would now be ready to fire." She pulled the trigger and there was a click.

"Doesn't a gun have a safety?" Lisa asked.

"Some do. This one doesn't have anything but this safety in the trigger," Lucia said, pointing it out. "When you depress the trigger, the safety is released. It keeps the gun from going off if you drop it, but when you pull the trigger, it fires."

She handed the weapon to Julia "See how this feels in your hand. You're taller than I am."

Julia took the gun and in the process of looking at it, pointed it at Lisa. Lucia snatched her arm and pointed it at the ceiling.

"Be careful. In the process of handling the gun, you pointed it at Lisa. Always know where you're pointing the barrel. Plus, what's the first thing I told you to do when you're given a gun?"

"To clear the weapon."

"Clear the weapon. I could have dropped a bullet in the chamber before handing it to you."

Lucia released Julia's arm and this time, Julia cleared the weapon, making sure it wasn't pointed at anyone. Julia tested the grip, pointing it at the couch.

"Don't aim down the barrel, but point it at the pillow, like Marcia showed you," Lucia said, "like pointing a finger."

Julia pointed. "Not bad, lower your hand, then try it again. Point at the pillow."

Julia dropped her hand, then raised it, pointing at the pillow, about six feet away. She did it several times, getting more comfortable each time she did it.

"That's pretty close. The pillow is about a foot in diameter. All you're hoping for is to hit center mass, which on a six foot man would be about eighteen inches wide and two and a half long."

"Let me try," Lisa said from the chair.

Learning, Julia cleared the weapon before handing it to Lisa, who cleared it upon accepting it. She pointed it at the pillow several times until she was comfortable doing so.

"This is the slide release," Lisa said, pointing at the one she'd learned. "What are these other two buttons for?" She indicated the button on the grip and another one near the slide above the trigger.

"The button on the grip is the magazine release. It drops the magazine out, so you can insert another one. The other lever you pointed out allows you to remove the slide and barrel from the plastic part of the gun for cleaning. I'll show you how to clean it after we fire it at the gun range."

Taking the box of bullets, Lucia showed them how to load them into the magazine. After sticking a couple of them in the magazine, she handed it to Julia, who loaded four, then Lisa, who loaded four more.

"This magazine holds fifteen rounds. The last few bullets get harder to load as the spring inside is compressed, but you should be able to put all fifteen rounds in a magazine." Lucia put another five in. "It's possible to keep a bullet in the chamber, ready to fire, then removing the magazine and adding another bullet so there are sixteen in the gun. I don't recommend doing so. It makes it too easy to fire. It takes very little pressure on the trigger to send death out the barrel, about five pounds. My suggestion is to leave the barrel empty, and load it when you need to shoot it."

Lucia took the loaded magazine, inserted it into the grip, pulled back the slide, let go and the slide slid forward.

"This weapon is ready to fire. Depress the trigger and the gun goes off. When carrying the gun, don't put your finger in the trigger until you're ready to shoot. Put it alongside the trigger." She showed them what she meant. "When you pull the trigger, the gun fires. When the bullet explodes, the back pressure causes the slide to go back, which ejects the old cartridge and loads another bullet in the chamber, ready to fire again. A loaded magazine keeps the slide from locking back again unless you engage the lock. When the magazine is empty, the slide locks back, so you know it's empty and another magazine needs to be loaded. You push the magazine eject button and the empty magazine drops out."

Lucia pushed the button and the magazine dropped into her hand. "There's still the bullet in the barrel. It won't come out until I pull the slide back." She demonstrated and the bullet flew out to the right of the gun. She loaded it back into the magazine. "Normally, I don't catch the empty magazine when I'm dumping it from the weapon. It's useless to me. I didn't want to drop one with bullets in it. When you practice, you drop the empty one on the ground and stick a new one in. Getting more bullets into the gun should be your highest priority."

She released the slide, then slammed the magazine back in. "To fire, pull the slide back and it will put a bullet in the chamber and will be a fully loaded gun, ready to fire. Do not carry it around with your finger in the trigger. Do not point it at anyone unless you intend to shoot them. Treat a gun with the respect it deserves."

"Can I try?" Julia asked.

Lucia handed the firearm to Julia. She dropped the magazine, pushed it back in, cocked it by pulling back on the slide, ejected the magazine once more, ejected the bullet remaining in the chamber, put it back in the magazine, then replaced the magazine in the gun, all without pointing it at anyone.

"I think I have the mechanics down," she said. "Only time will tell if I have the point and pull the trigger part down."

"The important part is not to yank on the trigger. A continuous squeeze, slow but fast. I know it sounds like an oxymoron, but you want to do a slow squeeze quickly, steadily. It should almost be a surprise when the gun goes off. We'll practice at the gun range. Lisa do you want to try?"

"Not while I'm sitting down. Give me another couple days."

Lucia nodded. She didn't load the second magazine and I asked her why.

"I won't need more than one, Master. We'll save the other magazine for the new ammo. Therefore, we'll always have one loaded magazine."

"You're very competent with a firearm," I commented.

"Many hours of practice with Marcia. I was doing fairly well as long as there were only women on Brianna's estate. When Sam came, it changed things for me. Not that he was ever cruel or aggressive towards me. In fact, he was the one who noted I was having problems, which is when I was able to tell everyone what happened. Brianna ended my submission until my counseling determined it wasn't the result of my gang rape. She didn't want a slave for all the wrong reasons. It had to be my choice to submit, not a result of trauma. She even told the other women to leave me alone in case it was also the reason I chose to be a lesbian."

"Wasn't it?" Julia asked. "Lisa and I wondered."

"My psychiatrist believes your sexual preference is something you're born with. You may not realize until you're older what your preferences are because of lack of exposure to it. You assume you're supposed to be with men and never realize why your emotional connection to them is so weak, until you realize it's possible to be with a woman. You were just raped. You know how cruel and brutal a man can be to you. Do you feel any less desire for your Master?"

"No," Lisa said. "In some ways it's stronger, because I know now what a good man he is, as if I had any doubt of it before."

"And if a woman were to rape you, it might alter your perception about having sex with one and make it less likely, but it's because you're not as attracted to women anyway. I have less desire to attempt to be with a man because of my rape, but it wasn't the reason I was attracted to women. I was born with that. I've come to believe that. We are the way we are because God made us that way. Even your desire for submission is something you were born with. It took you submitting to find out you were submissive, but once it happened, you knew it was for you."

"Julia was always seemed more attracted to it," Lisa said. "She thinks now she realized she might have submissive tendencies after Zoe told her she was going to be Brianna's sex slave. It's when her reading habits changed. I always thought it was odd she was intrigued by it until I witnessed it. Seeing her submit is what made the difference for me. I can't imagine another way of life any longer."

"What about me?" Julia asked. "I love being submissive to my Master, but I find myself attracted to dominating women?"

"You can be a switch. I've met complete switches, those who want to dominate people more submissive than them and to be dominated by those more dominant, irregardless of sex. Yours seems to be more gender based. Submissive to men and dominant towards women. I'm not sure it's incongruous for it to be so. Don't try to attach too much to it either way. Let it be what it is."

Further discussion was interrupted by the front doorbell. I sent the women into the bedroom since none of them were dressed. Lucia took the gun, charging it as she went to the bedroom. I looked out the spy hole. It was Marcus, holding our Thai food. I opened the door for him taking a quick look around outside. He looked around when he came inside, wondering where my slaves were.

"I'm sorry, Marcus, but the ladies are no longer available as a tip. You'll have to be satisfied with money." I handed him a ten.

"Can I ask why?"

"I'm not comfortable sharing any longer, nor do they wish to be treated as communal property. It was a mistake on my part to allow it originally. I'm correcting the mistake."

"I'm sorry to hear. I loved coming to your house."

"Does that mean you'll no longer come?"

"It's still my job, just won't be as much fun anymore." He paused. "I saw on the news they had a bit of trouble. Is that the reason why?"

"No. It stopped before it happened, but until the man is caught, we're being more cautious. It's why I asked for you when we put in the order. We know you. I'm very hesitant allowing strangers into my house at the moment. We know who it is, but he's got to have someone hiding him, or he'd be caught by now. He's not at his house. Unless he's dead somewhere and we don't know it, I'm assuming he's running around loose out there."

"Tell the ladies I'm sorry what happened. It's not right."

"I'll tell them. Thanks for bringing the food."

"Good night, sir."

He left and I locked the door and set the alarm behind him. The women came out of the bedroom and we brought the bags to the table and started divvying it up. Tonight, I fed Julia. I held her naked body in my arms and fed her the food. During the meal, I played with her pussy frequently, making her cum. Each time she squirmed through her orgasm, I kissed her, inhaling her breath, her gasps of pleasure. Even Lisa started to squirm, watching it. It was so nice having both of my slaves home again with me.

After supper, we taught Lisa and Lucia how to play euchre. It's not a difficult game and after playing four open hands, we could get started on the real thing. Since both of them were new to the game, I took Lucia and Julia took Lisa. Lucia was a card demon. For someone who'd never played a lick of cards before, she was an assassin. We won three quarters of the games played. Around ten, we broke up.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"Julia, please attend to Lucia for the next hour, then you may join Lisa and I."

"Of course, Master."

******

JULIA

I was surprised Lucia knew so much about self defense and firearms. Marcia, I understood. She was a police officer. It was part of her job, but Lucia wasn't and she was so petite, around five foot, two inches and a buck five, soaking wet. She looked so tiny, yet when she talked about protecting ourselves, so fierce. She played cards like she looked handling firearms, hard and professional. When Master sent me with her to bed, I expected her to be the fiery demon she was proving to be in all other ways. Instead, she was a thoughtful and tender lover. She made me scream in unexpected ways. I made her scream in the same ways. At then end of our hour, both of our faces were covered in each other's cum. We were panting hard.

"I have a question if I may?" I asked.

"Ask, amante."

"First, what's amante."

"Lover."

"That fits. The second question has to do with becoming pregnant. If the doctor can help you, how do you plan to get pregnant?"

"It depends, I suppose. If I'm able to get pregnant the normal way, Sam will help."

"What if you need to stay here in order for the doctor to verify it takes. Will Sam come back to help?"

"Sam is pretty flexible. His job for Mistress is not 8-5. He could come here if he needed to."

"I got the impression that Sam usually allows for another woman to be present when he's trying to impregnate someone who's primarily lesbian."

"Yes, usually Brianna or Monique, since I'm Brianna's slave, but Chantelle can do it as well."

"So if Sam came, Chantelle would come with him?"

"Possibly. Are you volunteering for the job?"

"I'm not sure how comfortable Master would be if I were present with Sam while he's having sex with you."

"I understand. For whatever it's worth. Sam doesn't try having sex with those who aren't trying to conceive."

"It was my understanding, but we started my slavery off on the wrong foot, so Master might be more touchy now. Primarily, I was trying to satisfy my own curiosity. Would you consider my Master as a possible source for your conception?"

"You would offer your husband for my use?"

"If it was necessary. I'm not sure if you would want to have him be the father of your child. Sam lives with you and you're used to him. It would be different if Master sired the child."

"Sam would act as a father regardless. Except for Mistress, Riyuki and Zoe, we're not certain if he's the father of the other children. There was another involved. I'd not thought of another father. I would need to check with Mistress first, but I'd be willing to consider it if you have no objection."

"I'd need to check with Lisa. It's no longer my decision alone. I suspect she would have no objection either since she agreed Zoe and Dawn could entertain Master in LA. Of course, Master would have to agree as well. I don't know how he'd feel about it."

Lucia kissed me. "Thank you, amante. You're very kind to consider me."

"You're welcome. I must leave now and attend to my Master. I'll check with Lisa tomorrow to see what she thinks of my idea."

"Good night."

I rose from the bed. "Sleep tight. I'll see you in the morning." One last kiss and I was gone.

******

Not being able to fuck Master normally was a bitch. I wanted nothing more than to feel him pounding my cunt again and I couldn't until Tuesday, which probably meant 48 hours from now. Instead, I helped him fuck Lisa again, watched his cock close up plunging into her pussy instead, while we ate each other out. Once his cock was thoroughly soaked in her juices, he took my ass again, though he orgasmed quickly after spending so much time in her cunt. It's not as if I minded being fucked in the ass anymore, I loved it, but it wasn't the same. Even Lisa was unable to fuck me with a strap-on, which is all I'd been able to use while he was gone. It was over a week since I felt him filling me up with his prick. More reason to hate that fucker, Jack. I'd even been unconscious during his rape. At least Lisa was able to share our bed, though she'd moan quietly when she turned over.

When Master got up the following morning, he had both of us lie with our heads over the edge of the bed while he took our throats. He gave me his cum, my treat for having to do without the fucking I wanted. After he left, I told Lisa of my suggestion Master might impregnate Lucia if she needed sperm to accomplish the task.

"The child wouldn't be Master's responsibility, nor ours. Brianna and the others would care for it."

Lisa kissed me. "You're so kind, Julia. It's one of the things I love about you. I'm willing to consider Master being a father with another woman, but aren't you concerned you'd be surrendering a piece of him to others?"

"True," I pondered. "But it's not as if we'd never see the child again. I suspect we'll see the others more often now. We've become quite good friends in a short time. What they did to bring Scott home as they did was above and beyond casual acquaintances. Master having a child with one might make contact even more frequent."

"I'm willing to go along with it if Master wants to. I've never been so happy in my life. I don't even care I was the victim of a crime. Master was so understanding." I kissed her back.

Lucia and I set Lisa up with a huge glass of ice water and a sandwich and chips in a zip lock baggie to eat for lunch since we didn't know how long her tests would take and we had shopping to do afterward. We warned her not to open the door for anyone. I also took Janet's list with me. I figured while I was waiting for Lucia, I could look up some of the things Janet had put on her list as I had no fucking clue what they were.

On the way to the clinic, Lucia said, "I think someone's following us. Take the next left."

"We'll be late for your appointment."

"Just a couple quick turns to check and we'll be on our way again. It won't take but a moment."

I turned left, then Lucia had me take another quick right on the next block and another right, then a left to put us back on the same road.

"Yes, we have a tail," she said. "No one else would have reason to make those turns with us."

She had the gun Master gave her in her large purse. She pulled it out and charged it, putting a bullet in the chamber, then pushed her hand back in her bag, hiding the gun.

"As soon as we get to the clinic, park in a handicapped space closest to the door, go in quickly and call 911."

Remembering the fierce, competent person she was last night, I did exactly as she said. When we pulled into the clinic, I parked as close to the door as I could. We got out and Lucia kept her hand in her purse.

"Mierda. They kept going. The car is a white Toyota Corolla, California plates, but I couldn't see what the plates were, it was too far back. Give that information to the 911 operator. Explain to the police and why you parked in the handicapped space. I'll let the clinic know why you did."

We went inside and while Lucia checked in, I called 911, explaining that we believed my attacker from Friday might have followed us to the clinic. They told me they would send a squad car immediately and to stay there. I told them the car which followed was a white Toyota Corolla with California plates, number unknown. I also told them about Detective Riley who'd been assigned to the case.

Master was on the phone immediately after I hung up.

"Why'd you call 911 again, Julia? Are you okay?"

"Someone was following us. Lucia noticed them. We're safely at the clinic and they didn't pull in with us. The police are on their way."

"I'm on my way over there."

"Don't come here, Scott. If you need to go somewhere, go home. Lisa's home alone. She probably got the 911 call as well. Call her and let her know we're okay. I'm sure we can get a police escort if we need one. I'll call you if we can't. Lucia can take care of me. You should have seen her, sir. It was amazing."

"Okay, you're right. I'll call her immediately."

The squad car was there within a couple minutes, before Lucia had been taken to start her testing. The officer, a female, asked me questions about why I thought the car had been following me. Lucia explained the turns we'd made on the way here and how the white Toyota Corolla made all the turns with us. She started taking notes. They came for Lucia and led her away. The officer looked at me and the signs of my pregnancy.

"I thought you were here for you," she said, pointing to my stomach and my face.

"Today, I was her driver. She's having problems conceiving, not me, as you can see."

"Why do you think you were followed?"

I explained about the attack on Friday by Lisa's ex-husband and the investigation by Detective Riley.

"Lisa, is that the woman who just talked to me?"

"No, that woman is Lucia, a friend and guest at our house. She's staying with us while she's undergoing treatment here."

"Was she attacked on Friday?"

"No, ma'am. She didn't arrive until after the attack."

I pointed to my car in the handicapped parking spot. "Any chance you can move that for me? I feel guilty for taking the space."

"I can move it for you."

I handed her my keys and watched her move it. She came back in and got a call on the radio from Detective Riley. He said he was on the way over and to stay with me until he got here.

"How come the other woman noticed you were being followed?"

"She was brutally raped several years ago and has had a lot of self defense training since. A deputy friend of ours helped train her and asked her to keep an eye on us while she's here. She takes her responsibility seriously. Her rape is why she's having trouble conceiving."

"I'm sorry to hear that. She seems like a nice young woman."

"She is, very nice."

She stayed with me while we waited for Detective Riley. We talked about a number of different things as we ran out of crime related things to speak of. As soon as the Detective got there, the officer gave him the report of what happened. Before she left, I asked if it would be possible for the officer to accompany us home. I supposed our shopping would have to wait, but Master probably didn't want us shopping while we were being followed around by person or persons unknown.

"My friend has several tests they're running, so it may be awhile," I said.

"I'll make arrangements for someone to escort you home," Detective Riley said. "This officer should get back on duty patrolling her sector."

"Thank you, Officer Trenton," I said, shaking her hand. "I appreciate you bailing us out."

"No problem, Julia. I hope it all works out for your friend."

"Me too."

Detective Riley sat down with me and he went over the same information as the officer did. "Too bad you didn't get a tag number. Jack doesn't have a Corolla registered in his name, white or otherwise. It might help to discover who's helping him."

"We hoped he was dead and we just didn't know it. I suppose it was an invalid assumption."

"Unlikely he's dead, unless he had a real good asshole friend, who wants to finish the job for him."

"The new wife doesn't have any idea where he's hiding at?" I asked.

"She says she doesn't. She was kind of pissed when we said he'd raped both of you, so I'm inclined to believe her, but you never know. She's pregnant and maybe she doesn't want to raise a child all by herself."

"If he's not home supporting her, he can't help raise a child anyway, whether he's locked up or not."

"She may not see it that way. He can always send her money. I have your statement from Friday's crime all typed up. You want to look it over and sign it. Just hand write any corrections and initial them."

I nodded and took my statement. It was relatively short. I'd been unconscious for much of my attack. There was only one correction I noted.

"I wasn't sure Lisa's nose was broken, I only thought it was. She was bleeding from it."

"Mark it down and initial it."

I changed it to believed broken and initialed it.

"When's Lisa going to be done with her tests here?"

"Lisa isn't here. She's at home. Scott may be home with her. He got my 911 call as well and called me right away. I told her to worry about her as she's home alone."

"Who are you here with?"

"Her name is Lucia. She's friends with Deputy Evans from LA. She's staying with us while she gets treatment here."

"Yeah, I think I met her on Friday night. She came with the lawyer and the other guy."

"That's right."

"I'll probably stop off at your house to have the other two sign their statements. Maybe I'll escort you home."

"My husband wanted us to stop and buy some special ammunition for his gun. Can we make a stop along the way?"

"He's not going looking for Jack, is he?" Riley said, his voice lowering and ominous.

"No, sir. Self defense only. In fact, my friend Lucia has got the weapon now. She has a Concealed Carry Permit. Scott doesn't have one. He thought we should be protected since we were leaving the house today."

"Does she know what she's doing with it?"

"I think so. Deputy Evans has been working with her for over a year on self defense."

"Why has she needed self defense?"

I told him the whole sorry story, her gang rape by government soldiers, the death of some family members, the incarceration of the others, her problems conceiving as a result which is why she was here.

"The self defense training was part of her rehabilitation and counseling, so she wouldn't feel helpless and so afraid of men anymore," I said.

"Christ!"

"Makes what Lisa and I went through pale in comparison. Not that it makes it right, but there's always someone who has it worse than you do. She was showing us some things last night. I wouldn't mess with her on a bet."

"Why does Scott want to get different ammo?"

"The stuff we have is target ammunition. Marcia recommended we get jacketed hollow point. I don't know the difference, but Scott and Lucia know. She said it was less likely to go through your target and hit someone else and would do more damage to Jack."

"Oh, yeah. It definitely does that."

Lucia came out shortly after. "They have one more test they have to run today," she said. "I have two more tests on Thursday and Friday is when Dr. Sturgis will tell me if she can help or not."

"Can I speak to you a moment?" Detective Riley asked.

"I already told the officer about the man following us."

"It's not that; a couple different things. Could you step outside with me a moment. I don't want to startle anyone in here."

Lucia nodded. "As long as it doesn't take much time. They said they'd call me in ten minutes."

"It won't take long." They walked outside and around a corner.

They were gone no more than five minutes, then they came back. Detective Riley was nodding thoughtfully.

"How long is the next test supposed to last?" He asked.

"Thirty to forty-five minutes."

"Listen, I'll meet you both at the house in two hours," Detective Riley said. "I don't think you'll need a police escort to get you home safely."

"Why's that, Detective Riley?"

"Because I wouldn't mess with her on a bet either. Feel free to get your new ammo."

Lucia grinned like the Cheshire Cat.

"Thank you, detective," she said.

He left and I asked, "What was that all about?"

"He wanted to check my Concealed Carry permit and see if I knew what I was doing."

"How did you prove you knew what you were doing?"

"I disarmed him. Took his gun away. Twice." Grinning.

I laughed. Lucia laughed with me.

******

She said she didn't notice anyone following us on the way home and we did the same multiple turn thing to be sure. She didn't even assume it would be the same car. On the way home, we stopped at a gun store and bought four boxes of ammo. The stuff Marcia recommended and three more boxes of target ammunition.

"I want you and Lisa to each shoot a box of ammo. It probably wouldn't hurt for Master Scott to shoot a box either, depending on how long it's been since he shot last."

In the car, she loaded the spare magazine with the new Hydra-Shok, then replaced the magazine in the gun, before popping out the bullets in it and putting new rounds in it. The gun didn't go without ammo for more than a second. Lucia showed me the two different bullets. The old stuff had a round nose; the new bullets had no nose at all. It had a mouth.

"This cavity in the bullet causes the bullet to expand when it comes into contact with flesh," Lucia said. "A 9 MM is about .35 inches. These expand to about a half inch inside the body. The energy contained in a speeding bullet is similar to Einstein's famous E=mc2 except it's mass or weight of the bullet times velocity of the bullet squared. When a bullet hits you, that energy begins getting transferred to your body. If the bullet passes through you, less energy was transferred. If the bullet stays in you, all of the energy was transferred. Since this is designed to get larger and stay inside, it's a deadlier bullet."

Master was home with Lisa. He'd come home right after he talked to me. "Jerry had to leave early for his general contractor classes, so we had to send everyone home early. I'm getting more and more pissed at Jack," he said.

"Detective Riley said we don't have to worry. Lucia is perfectly capable of looking after us, Master. You shouldn't have to miss any more work. We'll just take Lisa with us next time."

"Really?"

"Yes, Master. She disarmed him twice. He's convinced she's the woman for the job."

"Come here, you," he said, pulling her into a loose embrace. "I'm so happy you're staying with us. I don't care if you do a lick of carpentry work. Knowing my slaves are safe is all I care about."

"Thank you, Master."

"When do you have to go back to the doctor's?"

"Thursday for more testing, Friday to learn if she can help."

"Anything you need, let me know."

"Thank you, sir."

"Detective Riley will be here in about a half hour, Master," I said. "You and Lisa have to sign your statements. Lucia and I will help Lisa get dressed, sir." As usual, slaves weren't dressed at home.

We helped Lisa dress to the point she'd be presentable. She sat down in the easy chair again and I stood beside her, holding her hand.

Detective Riley got there when he said he would. Master opened the door. Lucia had her hand on the gun, not relaxing until she saw Riley was alone. Detective Riley noted her alertness. He noticed me standing with Lisa, holding her hand. I suspected there wasn't a lot he didn't notice.

He had a folder with the paperwork in it. He handed a copy to Lisa and Master. Like me, he told Master and Lisa to read their statements over carefully, make any corrections and initial them. Detective Riley kept watching Lucia as they read over them.

"Did you get the new ammo for the weapon?" He asked her.

"Yes, sir," Lucia replied. "By the way, we weren't followed on the way home."

"He already knows where home is, so he wouldn't have to. Scott, does he know you have a security system?"

"He was our next door neighbor," Master said. "If he didn't, I'd be surprised."

"Would he know the disarming codes?"

"We gave Lisa the codes when she was married to Jack, Scott, so they could come over if there was an emergency," I said. "He might still remember them."

"You need to change your codes immediately," Riley said.

"I'll take care of it this evening."

They returned their statements. Riley read over the statements and any corrections they made. "I'm sorry we haven't gotten Jack, yet," he said. "Please be careful."

"We will," Master said. "These ladies are more precious to me than anything else."

He nodded. "When you told me about your relationship, I had a hard time believing anything you said. It's been my experience anything involving two women and one man wouldn't be a peaceful, nor happy, arrangement. Part of my reason for coming here today instead of asking you to come in was to see you together, the interactions and interplay between you. I'm pleasantly surprised to see I was wrong. We'll have officers cruise by your house more frequently than normal until Jack is caught. Have a good evening."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
Lucia got more alert as he went to the door. Riley noticed and smiled. "You too, Miss Lucia."

"Thank you, detective." She didn't lose her alertness until the door was locked and alarm reset.

Master went about changing the alarm pad codes, giving us the new ones. Then he called the alarm company and changed the voice code with them in the event the alarm was accidentally tripped and they called. He made it our safe word. Easy to remember.

Lisa moved to the dining room table to be closer to the kitchen where the rest of us worked on supper, so she could join the conversation. Lucia went over the tests she'd taken today and what they hoped to find during them. She said one of the things they'd done was put a small camera up her vagina and into her uterus, taking lots of pictures.

"The operator said I have lot's of scar tissue inside my uterus. It makes it difficult for a fertilized egg to fasten to the uterine wall."

I hugged her. "Doctor Sturgis will figure it out, Lucia. I have lots of confidence you'll be able to bear children."

"I hope so," she whispered in my ear.

Master fed Lisa tonight. She squirmed so delightfully on his lap, I was aroused by it; ready to suck cock or lick cunt, either one, to be part of it. Master noted my fidgeting.

"What's your problem, slave?"

"I need to have sex, Master."

"What kind of sex?

"Any sex, sir."

"Would you like to lick your sister slave's cunt?"

"Please, sir."

Master had Lisa mount his cock, back to front, sliding deep inside her moist cavern, with her legs spread on either side of his. He pointed to the floor at his feet and I crawled under the table to their joining. "Lick," he ordered. My tongue shot out and licked up his balls to where his shaft disappeared in her, continuing upward to caress her stiff clit. Lisa moaned, the combination of Master's cock splitting her open and my tongue dancing on her clit making her cum. I could see her cunt squeezing his cock as orgasmic waves rolled through her. I continued licking, cupping Master's sack. She had three more orgasms before I felt his balls stirring in my fingers and his shaft surge as he spewed his seed deep inside her. His cum was so voluminous, it squished out around her cunt's seal, leaking towards his balls. I gathered every drop upon my tongue.

"May this slave masturbate and cum, sir?" Lucia asked, her hand poised over her damp pussy.

"You're not my slave. You may do as you wish," Master replied. Her hand completed its journey and began caressing herself.

Master hadn't told me to stop, so I kept licking, even as his prick shrank and dropped from her cum laden pussy. I licked their cum from his meat and lapped up what dripped out when her cunt was no longer corked by his cock. I kept sucking his cock until he was hard again.

"May a slave suck her Master to completion, sir?" I asked, eager for more.

"Only if you don't want to be fucked instead," he replied.

Better yet, I thought. I pushed some plates aside, giving me room to bend over the table. Master set Lisa on his chair and pushed into my bottom. So good. I moaned, a slave in heat. I heard Lucia cum and looked at her. While Master plowed my ass, I watched her masturbate, rubbing her tightly trimmed pussy, her fingers sluicing into her cunt. I could see she was getting close again, her nipples hard peaks, her breathing ragged, her eyes half closed.

"Master, may your slave cum?" I whimpered.

"Any time you wish," he replied.

Watching Lucia, I climaxed when she did, our cries of pleasure mingled at the dinner table. Master still hard, still fucking my ass, his prick a piston, reciprocating in my rectum.

"Fuck me, Master," I panted. "Fuck your slave in the ass."

He laughed. "I can hardly wait until your cunt is cleared for duty."

"Tomorrow morning, sir. If you wish to delay your return to work or get up earlier," I grunted. He felt so good inside me.

"I think I'll enjoy the anticipation, slave," Master said.

"As you wish, Master." Too bad. I could use some cunt fucking sooner rather than later.

"In fact. I'll forgo my usual blow job tomorrow so I can give you a nice, juicy load of cum."

I orgasmed again, just thinking of it.

Master finally expelled his load, his prick pulsing inside me, hosing me down. I felt him withdraw, content to lie there, basking in the afterglow of my last orgasm. I felt a hand on my back, holding me down, a tongue digging in my ass crease, licking the cum trickling from my sphincter. "Master," I said, surprised.

"What?" He said, his voice to the side, not behind me. I turned to look; he was sitting in his chair again. Lucia was still in hers, which left only Lisa unaccounted for.

"Mmm," I said, "Lisa." Her tongue wriggled in my bottom in response.

"Thank you, sister slave," I said.

Her hand patted my ass cheek, pushing it wider so she could finish cleaning the mess Master had left behind him. She finally stood, releasing my back and I stood, hugging her, oh so gently.

"You didn't have to do that," I said, kissing her.

"I wanted to. You cleaned up after Master and I."

"Lisa," Master asked, "do you think you can attend to Lucia's needs for an hour tonight?"

"Yes, Master. I would be happy to spend time with Lucia."

"I should be ready for more fun and games when you're done. Let's clean up now."

We quickly cleaned off the table and tidied the kitchen, putting everything away. Master helped. While Lucia led Lisa back to her bedroom after, Master and I went to ours. I brought Janet's list with me. I hadn't much time to look it over today due to our being followed. Master asked what I had.

"Janet's list of things she's considering exploring. I was planning on looking some of the things up today as I had no idea what they were. Other problems intervened. Since she's starting work tomorrow, I was planning on discussing some of the items with her."

"Let me look at it with you," he said.

We lay there in bed, my good cheek resting on his shoulder while we examined her list. Wartenberg wheels, erotic electrostimulation, plastic wrap, animal roleplay, breast torture, edgeplay, human furniture, Japanese bondage, predicament bondage, sexual roleplay, suspension, wax play, wooden horse, figging, Sybian, humiliation and exposure, sexual denial. Those were the things she indicated she wanted to try. The things she'd marked as a gray area which she was unsure about trying were enemas, analingus, fisting, anal sex, auctioning or selling and something called nyotaimori.

"I know what some of this stuff is, sir, from my own reading, and Rose told us about the wooden horse at the BDSM club Mistress Dark belongs to. I can guess what some of it refers to like human furniture, but what the hell is a wartenberg wheel and nyo whatever? And why would she want to try a golden shower, but be unsure about enemas and anal sex?"

"Didn't she say she tried it once and it was painful? Perhaps it's the difference for her. She's done some things and didn't like them but is considering doing it again to be sure. Other things she's never done and would like to explore."

"But a golden shower? Ugh! Disgusting."

"And if she experiences it and finds it disgusting, I imagine she wouldn't do it again. Some people might say that about your going ass to mouth."

"I've cleansed my ass before doing so."

"Did you cleanse your ass today before Lisa licked my cum off your asshole tonight?"

"No, and it surprised me Lisa did it, sir."

"She must love you very much. She didn't lick my cock after I finished. And you kissed her afterward."

I thought about it for a minute. "I suppose I wasn't as dirty as you might think."

"Any bit of dirty might be too much for me. I'm willing to lick the exterior of your asshole after you've taken a shower, but not any other time. What have you done with Janet thus far?"

"Orgasm denial, nudity and some humiliation, making her masturbate while Chen was on the phone and telling him. I've whipped and spanked her, which is impact play; blindfolded and gagged her while she was tied. Of course, she was forced to learn how to lick cunt. She'll have to practice more on Lisa, Reneé and Lucia, I guess. I made her cum while withholding permission to do so. I intend to make her learn to suck cock on a strap on. I don't want to introduce men into her games until she's ready to have sex with Chen. Do you know what some of these things are, sir?"

"No, let's look them up." He pulled out his phone. "Wartenberg wheel." Up came a web page. "A Wartenberg wheel is a spur like wheel with needles on the ends. Depending on how hard you press against the skin and the sharpness of the needle, may cause bleeding, otherwise prickling like nettles on your skin. Shit! That doesn't sound pleasant."

"I'd think the same about hot wax. How pleasant can it be, sir?"

"How pleasant is whipping?"

I stopped. Whipping was fairly pleasant to me. I'd started enjoying it to a certain degree. Master was cautious with his whip, but perhaps the rest depended on how cautious your Dom was. Maybe I needed to try some of these things myself before I became judgmental. I hadn't liked anal sex the first time I tried it either. Now, I loved it and could cum from it almost like being fucked in the cunt.

"Keep going, sir. Find out what figging is."

Master typed in figging. "Peeling a ginger root into a phallus shaped object and inserting it into the vagina or rectum. Causes an intense burning sensation in two to five minutes, slowly diminishing over approximately 20-30 minutes. May be re-peeled to extend the burning sensation for longer periods of time. The burning sensation often increases when your vagina or rectum constricts around the root, so often accompanied by caning or other punishment to force such a constriction. I wonder how it would feel if you were fucked after you were figged? Would the ginger root leave juices which would burn my cock?"

My pussy twitched thinking about it. Having anything in my pussy sounded good to me at the moment, but ginger root? I might need to ask Lisa about experimenting with some of this on ourselves. If we liked it, we could tell Master and turn him loose.

"What about Sybian, sir?" I asked. "Look that up."

"I know this one. A Sybian is like a big fucking machine you sit on like a horse. In BDSM, I guess it would be to force orgasms. Could be like a reverse slave trainer."

"How do you know about them, sir?"

"Howard Stern would sometimes have his female guests ride one on his show."

He pulled up YouTube and showed me a clip of a porn actress riding one on his show. She climaxed hard.

"Interesting, sir," I said. "I can see why Janet would want to try this. How much does one cost."

"According to their website, $1300. There are other devices doing the same thing," Master said. "I think I've seen one called The Tremor costing several hundred dollars less."

"Still, I'll not be spending our money to give Janet her jollies, sir. I'll just use the Slave Trainer to do something similar. What do you know about the Nyotaimori thing."

"Sounds foreign, maybe Japanese, but I know nothing about it. I'll look it up. What's the spelling?"

"N-Y-O-T-A-I-M-O-R-I, sir."

Master looked at the website. "Oh, this looks interesting. We should try this some time."

"What is it, sir?"

"Naked sushi. Here, look at this picture."

Master showed me a photo of a naked woman with food laid out over her body, with people eating off her, some with chopsticks, some with fingers, one woman eating directly off her flesh. My cunt clenched again.

"Master! This is beautiful."

"I could certainly see eating off you or Lisa."

"Even the opposite, sir. I could cover your cock in chocolate sauce, and lick it clean."

Lisa came into our room, her face covered in Lucia's cum. "What did I miss?" She asked.

"You're getting better, I see. Moving around without assistance," Master said. "Come join us in bed."

"Yes, sir."

"Would you like me to clean the cum off your face, Lisa," I asked, "or add more to it?"

I don't know why she said it, since she hadn't been looking at a picture of a naked woman being used as a plate, but she did.

"Perhaps we can add Master's cum to both our faces, and lick it off."

Our own Nyotaimori, Master's cum, a feast for slaves. "Let's do it," I said.

Master was game. So Lisa and I took turns sucking and stroking his cock, while I kept a hand on his balls, cupping them, waiting for the telltale signs of his impending release. Lisa was the one sucking his stalk when I felt it. I put my face down beside hers with a warning.

"Get ready," I said.

Of course she could feel his cock obtaining the last little bit of hardness, and his crown swelling in her throat, so she was ready. She pulled off him and aimed the fleshy gun at her face. Splat! His cock pulsed, sending a spray of his seed across her cheek. She aimed him at me and his next pulse caught me across the nose, warmer than the air in the house, wet, thick, clinging. Her aim changed again, the next surge across her other cheek, a white decoration on each, smaller and weaker. I put my face closer to his prick, almost touching and the next pulse splashed on my lips, salty, starting to sputter. We'd each drained him earlier.

Putting his prick against our flesh, so as not to lose a drop, the succeeding pulsation dribbling out over Lisa's nose and upper lips, licking. No fair, she tasted him first. I licked my own lips, and took the next one on my tongue, merely dribbling from the tip of his cock, the last of his dying ejaculation. Lisa covered the crown of his cock and attempted to suck the last of his discharge from his cock, Master groaning.

His testes quiescent, and shaft shrinking, we looked at one another, the gluey stuff clinging to our faces. I reached out to Lisa's cheek, spreading his sperm over it. Already cooling, congealing, in the air. She touched my lips, gathering a finger full and feeding it to me, then kissing me, tasting Master on my tongue, my lips. I pulled her down on top of me, conscious of her tender ribs, licking her cheek, tasting Lucia as well as Master, her scent and wetness still there. Collecting my share of their cum, and sharing it with her. Master licking her other cheek, kissing her, then kissing me.

My heart ached with tenderness. To be in this spot, with these two people, the love almost bursting from my chest, breathless, almost more than I could bear.

"I love you both so much," I breathed. "I've never been more in love than I am at this moment. My heart feels like it's going to burst from my body."

"Let me see," Lisa said, putting a hand over my left breast, squeezing the pliant flesh.

"That's not my heart," I laughed.

"Close enough," Master said, covering the right one; tweaking the nipple. I moaned.

Lisa kissing her way down my body, my legs parting for her as she approached her goal. Master kissing my lips, suckling my breast, the counterpoint, the Yáng to Lisa's Yīn. As soon as her tongue touched my clit, cumming, coating Lisa's lips again, screaming my pleasure, my love, to the world. Then again, and again, my hands clinging to her head, holding her against me, my moist cleft. Master getting hard again, touching his renewed manhood to my lips, spongy and thick. My mouth opening to accept him, my Master, my husband, my lover, my love. His thick shaft filling my throat, I was ready to suck him to completion, but what a waste of his fine cock. We'd just sucked it. This prick should go into pussy, and if not mine, Lisa's.

I pushed against him, relieving my mouth, Master thinking he was choking me, saying, "what's wrong?"

"Fuck Lisa," I panted. "Fuck her slave cunt."

Lisa remaining bent on her hands and knees, her face burrowed in my sopping cunt, Master plunged into her pussy, taking his slave, plundering her treasures, making her cum, panting and gasping. Content with my orgasms, I had to see, to watch him take what he owned. I squirmed out from beneath Lisa's face, inserted myself between Master's legs and watched his cock sliding in and out of her cunt, stretched around his girth. Her nubbin, peeking out, a tiny spike. Licking it, another moaning orgasm, her pussy pulsing around Master's prick. Gathering a dangling nut, suckling his hairy sack, watching his cum covered shaft piercing her pussy, over and over. Cumming, a small one, unassisted save by the sight of them fucking, so close, as I supped upon his ball filled satchel.

Speeding up, getting close, ready to release again. Wanting them to cum together, I sucked on her clit, his sack teabagging my chin. Her scream of delight, Master's low growl as he surrendered another load, my job complete save to clean them both after. His cock, slimy with their release, her cunt, dripping from their passion. Everyone collapsing, exhausted. I crawled up on the other side of Master and wrapped myself around him, touching Lisa on the other side.

"If I could have this be my last memory when I die, it would be the best thing I could remember," I said.

Master kissed my forehead, my nose. "Let's hope it doesn't come to that, and we can create ten thousand more, just as good."

I slept, happy, together again.

******

 

--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 32|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-32|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<i>This chapter deals with Janet's first day of work building bondage furniture and her further training, with people watching. It contains oral sex, vaginal sex, lesbian sex, sex toys, and spanking while being watched by others. STD's don't exist in this fantasy. </i>

<b>Ch 32 - Janet's First Day at Work </b>

JULIA

Master was as good as his word. He wanted to save himself for when I could have vaginal intercourse tonight, so he even skipped his normal morning blow job. I didn't care as he'd fucked hell out of us last night. For the first time since Friday, my life felt right again. Lucia was up with us and helped feed Master, going into full scale alert when he opened the door to leave, not relaxing again until the door was shut and locked and the alarm reset. 

At 7:30, the doorbell rang and Lucia was immediately in fight mode, the gun in her hand, ready to fire.

"It should be Janet," I said. "Today is when she's supposed to start work."

Lucia said, "Throw the door open, then step back, Julia. I don't want you in the line of fire."

I looked through the peephole. "I only see Janet out there."

"You don't know if he's standing to the side of the door with a gun or knife on her, hoping you'll open the door and he gets in again. Do as I tell you."

Doing as she said, I opened the door, standing behind it. Janet stood on the front steps, with Lucia pointing a gun at her. Janet's eyes went wide. She didn't even know Lucia. She hadn't been at the hospital when Janet came to see me.

"Please come in," Lucia said. "Close the door behind you and lock it." Janet stood there, afraid to move.

"Janet, the gun isn't for you," I said. "The guy who raped us is still not caught, and still angry. We're taking precautions. As soon as you come in and we close the door, she can put the gun down."

Janet nodded, sidled in and I closed the door and reset the alarm. Lucia laid the gun aside.

"Is this a bad time to start work?" Janet asked.

"I apologize," I said. "Until he gets caught, we're all a little nervous. Janet, this is Lucia, our guardian angel, who has been taking a lot of self defense because she was hurt worse than we were. She's very good, our Detective said. We can't stop living our lives because of what happened, so I'm glad you're here. Lisa can't do much work because of her ribs. I don't have the energy I usually do. We need your help more than ever. Lucia, this is Janet Howard. She's going to be working here from now on, and she's also exploring her submissive tendencies. I'm helping her with that."

Janet noted Lucia's nudity. "Is she a sex slave as well?"

"Not Master's. She's a lesbian sex slave belonging to Brianna Worth. You might be familiar with some of Brianna's jewelry, Brianna's Baubles. She's staying with us to undergo treatment at the Sturgis Fertility Clinic. Lucia was gang raped several years ago when she was younger. In the process, she was injured, some wounds becoming infected and she wasn't treated immediately. She wants to have children and can't yet. She's hoping to change that."

"I'm sorry," Janet said.

"You're not responsible," Lucia said. "But I thank you." She went up to her and hugged her, just a normal greeting between friends. "Part of the reason for the extra precaution is because we don't know if someone is hidden beside you, threatening you in order to get in. I'd like to set up some kind of signal for you to give us if there is someone outside. Perhaps, you could sweep your hair back over your right ear if there's someone outside with you. Sweep your hair over your left ear if you're alone and I won't have to point a gun at the doorway and scare you half to death."

"That would be pleasant. Do I have to be naked to work, Mistress?" 

Janet was dressed in a nice skirt and blouse, perhaps not really appropriate for doing the type of work she'd be doing here, but what she might have worn for her old job. 

"Being naked will be up to you, Janet," I said. "The three of us are all sex slaves and will work naked. Reneé will probably work naked as well when she starts, but that will be up to her Master or her to decide. We enjoy our freedom from clothing. You will, of course, go without underwear and a bra as you have since you asked for my help. The only time I'll require you to be naked is when we're exploring your nature. You can keep your outer clothes on if you desire while working or when we break for lunch. However, I do suggest perhaps an apron or smock for working if you wish to wear nice clothes such as those, or grubbier clothes. You'll be using stains and varnishes and you won't want to ruin good clothes such as these. 

"You won't be required to masturbate during your work hours as when you were at your other job. We will pay you for at least seven hours every day Monday through Friday, even if we need to break early for some reason. I don't want you to do without a full time pay check because of the issues we're having. You haven't set a time for your next session, which I'll be happy to do whenever you're ready."

"I'd like to have another one or two sessions before my next date with Chen. I'm thinking I'd like to have sex with him on my next date on Friday, and I know you're in charge of my sexual activity. I imagine you have plans for me." 

"Indeed I do. Very well. Why don't I give you another session tonight after work and one on Thursday, during the poker game."

"Will it be at my house again?"

I looked at Lucia. She didn't look happy about being out. "I think my security consultant is nervous about being away from the house. My Master may not want me gone either until Jack is caught."

"I don't want to do it here while Chen is playing cards."

"We can do it in the basement. I can put a ball gag in your mouth again so your screams will be muffled. He won't know you're here, unless I choose to tell him."

Janet shivered. "Are you wet, Janet?" I asked.

"Yes, Mistress."

"Show me."

Janet lifted the front of her skirt, showing me her trimmed pussy. 

"Put your fingers in your cunt and show me how wet you are?"

Two fingers slid through her folds, blushing as she had to do it in front of all three of us. When she showed her fingers to us, they were more than merely damp. I made her lick her fingers clean.

We led Janet into the basement. "Lucia has worked with wood before, with her father, but is just learning power tools. Lisa is mostly going to sit quietly and sand wood, which is probably what we'll start you on. Lucia and I will show you other things to do as it becomes necessary. I may take some fairly frequent breaks. I'm still weary, both from the attack and the consequent drugs I'm on and the baby is starting to take it out of me." 

Janet nodded. "We've got to finish this bed frame for Master Sam," I said. "Then we have two bed frames which will need to be delivered to Mistress Brianna's Estate. Then we have one more bed frame to make for Mistress Dark in king size and two more bondage pieces for sale to tentative buyers. So as you see, we've got a lot of work to keep us busy."

So Janet spent the morning sanding with Lisa while Lucia and I worked putting together the pieces which had been completed. We made good time as Lucia was very good at what she did, and with both of the others sanding and smoothing pieces, they went quickly too. By lunch time, it looked like all we had to do was finish the last bit of construction and stain and varnish. 

When Janet stood up to eat, sawdust fell from her skirt, and a lot was left clinging to her clothes. She brushed them off. 

"I see what you mean about getting dirty."

She seemed to consider her options, finally deciding she was the odd person out. She removed her clothes, blushing as she did. 

"Do you have someplace to hang these up?"

"You can hang them in the laundry room down here," Lisa said, "or in our bedroom. We'll let you take a shower before you put them back on."

Janet decided to hang her clothes in the basement. We went upstairs to eat lunch, Janet pitching in like the others to prepare it. While we were eating, I got a phone call. I didn't recognize the number. I answered it cautiously, prepared to hang up if it was Jack.

"Hello."

"This is Stephanie Freiberg, the nurse who discharged you. Do you have a moment to speak?"

I breathed a quick sigh of relief. "Yes, I can speak with you now."

"I've been thinking of what you said when you left. I'd like to speak to you about it."

"I'm listening."

"What does it mean for you to be your husband's sex slave?"

"It means I go naked at my house and without undergarments at all other times. I'm constantly available for my Master's sexual use, all of me, from my cunt to my ass to my mouth. If I'm not pleasing to him, or disobey his orders, I may be punished. I have a sister slave, Lisa, who shared my room in the hospital. She also serves my Master. Between the two of us, Master fucks us about four times per day. I discovered my submissive inclinations when my Master invited me to try becoming his sex slave for three weeks because I was constantly reading fiction dealing with the subject. During the second week, my friend, Lisa joined me because she was entranced by my service to Master. At the end of the three weeks, both of us wanted to continue despite Master's misgivings. We have since decided to make it a permanent thing, all three of us. The sex is the best I've ever experienced, but it's not only the sex, it's the entire experience for me."

"When you say you can be punished, what does that mean?"

"Usually, it means a spanking, either by his hand or a paddle. Sometimes we're whipped with a nine stranded flogger. At other times, the punishment consists of orgasm denial or forced orgasms."

"Doesn't it hurt to be spanked, paddled and whipped?"

"It does, but it's a good pain, not a bad pain."

"What does that mean, good pain, not bad pain?"

"I have two other sex slaves with me now. I'm going to put you on speaker so they can help answer your questions."

"Two?"

"Yes, another one, not my Master's, who is staying with us while receiving medical treatment. There is also another person here who is interested in exploring her own submissive tendencies. She will be undergoing another training session tonight. Lucia, why don't you explain the difference between good pain and bad pain." 

"Do you exercise, Stephanie?" Lucia asked.

"Yes."

"Have you ever finished a work out session where you're tired and sore and everything seems to hurt?"

"Yes."

"Isn't that pain different from the pain of say, stubbing your toe, or getting a paper cut? You don't stop exercising because you were sore, did you? It was a good pain, one which made you realize you were accomplishing something?"

"Yes. I see what you mean."

"This is Lisa. While Master punishes us, it's usually associated with sex. We've either already had sex, or will be having sex, or in the middle of our punishment, Master will give us an orgasm. Our bodies are flooded with endorphins. Not only does it mean that whatever he's doing will hurt less than if he was just smacking us around, we have safe words which we can use to either stop or reduce the intensity of our punishment. I've never had to use my safe word. Master is not trying to hurt us, but there's a close correlation between good pain and pleasure for us. Both Julia and I have had orgasms while being punished. What about you Lucia?"

"I've also had orgasms while being punished," Lucia replied. "I might have another example, Stephanie. Do you have children?"

"Two. The youngest is four."

"How would you rate the pain of child birth to any other pain you've experienced?"

"The worst pain ever."

"Yet the pain of the first didn't stop you from having the second, nor do you not love your children despite the pain of their birth, or hate your husband for making you pregnant. Childbirth is essentially a good pain; a necessary pain to the process of having children; one which you'd undergo again to have more children, like your exercise pain. Punishment by our Master's or Mistresses is a similar pain. One which we gladly undertake for the benefits it provides us."

"I see." She paused a moment. "Would it be possible to come tonight and witness the training session this evening? I'm off today after working the double shift this weekend."

Janet was shaking her head no, not wanting to be exposed to someone else. I, on the other hand, felt she should experience being submissive in front of someone who wasn't necessarily a sex slave.

"I think that would be a wonderful idea," I replied. Janet's head dropped. "She needs to learn that if she is a submissive, all aspects of her sexuality belong to another. We're not yet introducing her to men as a submissive, but another woman would be good."

"Thank you," Stephanie said.

I gave her my address and told her she could come at 7:00 PM. We would have had an opportunity to feed Master by then. Janet would also have to be naked in front of Master. 

"Because they still haven't caught the criminal who attacked Lisa and Julia," Lucia said, "we're being extremely cautious any time we open the door. If there is anyone else outside with you when you arrive, brush your hair back over your right ear. If you're alone, brush your hair over the left ear."

"My hair is pretty short, but okay. Left ear alone, right ear someone is outside. Are you sure it's safe to come?"

"We don't believe he's interested in anyone but me, primarily, because he's my ex-husband," Lisa said, "and Julia and her husband because I'm living here with them and having sex with them. He might take advantage of us opening the door as a way to get in. If you see someone outside, don't come to the house, leave and call us instead. The front of the house doesn't have a lot of hiding places. We don't have a lot of shrubbery in front of the house. The police are sending cruisers past the house at fairly frequent intervals. He can't stay in front for long because he'd be exposed. We don't think he'll come here again, but we're not taking chances."

Stephanie thought about it for a minute, but then said, "Okay. I'll be there at seven. Left ear alone. Got it."

We left Lisa upstairs to prepare supper for Master; a nice beef stew, which we could all partake of. Janet worked the rest of the day naked. Reneé called late in the afternoon and asked if we'd be doing yoga and swimming today.

"No, but I'm working with Janet this evening. Why don't you come over at seven? You can see how much better she's become at licking cunt."

Janet looked at me in dismay. She'd end up having to lick her friend's pussy again. I was really enjoying my stint as Mistress. 

"I'll be there."

"I'm sure you'll enjoy it. We ask that when you come, you touch your left ear if you're alone, and you're right one if anyone is outside with you that we can't see. We're expecting another woman, a nurse named Stephanie, coming at the same time. If she's the only one with you, you may still touch your left ear as if you're alone."

"No problem. I'm looking forward to it."

When Master came home, Lucia went upstairs with the weapon. Neither of us thought Master would enter the house if Jack was outside. He'd rather die than see anyone of us hurt, but she took her duty seriously. Janet went into the laundry room to dress. I told her not to bother; her session was starting now, since we were finished working.

"I thought I wasn't being introduced to men yet," she said.

"No sex with him, but you might as well get used to being nude in front of anybody. If you're a submissive, your body belongs to another. I want you to get used to the idea."

Janet was allowed to carry her clothes upstairs, but told to put them on the couch. She was blushing at being naked in front of Master. 

"Janet is starting another training session tonight, Master. She will remain naked for the duration of the evening."

"I'm very pleased to see you again, Janet. You're looking very lovely."

She blushed harder. "Thank you."

"Thank you, Sir, or thank you, Master. As my Master, he deserves your total respect. You will address him as such."

"Thank you, sir." She was holding her hands clasped in front of her pussy.

"Put your hands down, slave. Show my Master what a lovely cunt you have."

I don't think it was possible to become any redder than she was, but she did as she put her hands down at her side, clenched into nervous fists.

"Master, the nurse, Stephanie Freiberg who brought me to our car on Sunday, and Renee will be coming over this evening at seven to witness Janet's training."

"I thought you wanted to be fucked in the cunt tonight," Master said.

"I do, sir, and you shall fuck me while the others watch." I could see Master was intrigued to imagine himself fucking me in front of others. "Lucia has recommended the precaution of telling those who come over to brush their left ear if they're alone and right ear if someone is outside we can't see. They've been told so look out for their signal if you let them in."

"Can do."

"Feel free to get comfortable, sir. Janet, you may take a shower in the guest bath. I'll show you where it is." Her hands had drifted in front of her pussy again. I slapped her ass, hard. "Display." She snapped into the display position. "If you don't want to spend the rest of the evening in the display position showing us what a slutty little slave you are." I wiped a finger through her slit, coming away dripping wet, and showed the results to everyone. "You'll quit covering your cunt. Your body belongs to me for the rest of the night. Lick my finger clean." I fed her my finger and made her lick her fluids off. "Now follow me." 

I led her to the guest bath and told her she had fifteen minutes to shower and dry off. "We'll be waiting on supper for you, so don't dawdle."

I joined the others at dinner. Master had removed his clothes and was sitting at the table, waiting for me to join him. I sat in his lap so he could kiss my unharmed cheek, which was also the side he would feed me on. We kissed and Master played with my cunt while we waited for Janet. I managed to cum once before she joined us, within the fifteen minutes allotted her. I made her display while Lisa and Lucia started dishing up large bowls of beef stew to everyone. Everyone sat down. Janet was sitting primly with her legs together, which wouldn't do at all. 

"Spread your legs, Janet, to either side of your chair. We want to see your lovely cunt."

"Yes, Mistress." She spread her legs, blushing again. 

"Do you feel humiliated, Janet? You're blushing."

She got redder. "Yes, Mistress."

"We were reading your list last night. Isn't humiliation one of the things on your list?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"While you're eating with your legs spread wide for us, I want you to masturbate for all of us. You have my permission to cum."

She didn't move, a look of mortification on her face at what I was telling her to do.

"Do you want me to spank your slutty cunt, slave?"

"No, Mistress."

"Then your fingers better start touching your cunt in the next two seconds."

Her fingers dropped to her open cunt and started touching herself.

"While you're eating and masturbating, I have some questions for you. I'll ask them over the course of the meal."

"Yes, Mistress."

"At some point, I'm going to start feeding you as Master is feeding me."

As the meal progressed, Master fed me and finger fucked me. Being in charge of Janet and making her masturbate for us had me in a state of high arousal. I climaxed frequently. So did Janet. I would frequently ask her questions just before or after her orgasms, demanding answers.

"You listed anilingus, enemas, anal fucking and fisting as gray areas on your list, but you wanted a golden shower. What makes a golden shower acceptable to you, but the others as gray areas?"
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
Janet was shocked I was making her discuss this in front of the others. Her mouth was open, but nothing came out. She climaxed though, her body peaking at the humiliation of discussing it.

"Answer me, slave," I demanded. "Why is a golden shower acceptable but a good ass fucking is questionable to you."

Janet stuttered, panting. "I want to know what it's like. To feel warm piss run over my body, Mistress. I've been fucked in the ass and didn't like it. The only reason I've reconsidered is how much you like it."

"If you do anal sex, you'll be properly prepared for it. We'll stretch your anus to accept cock, and I can almost guarantee you'll enjoy it, unlike the last time. The first time I did it several years ago, Master and I were both drunk and hadn't prepared for it. The next time we did it, we weren't drunk and had prepared, so it was very pleasant. I don't understand why you'd want to be pissed on."

"I don't know, Mistress. I got a warm feeling reading about it. I figured one time, what does it hurt. If I don't like it, at least I'll know."

I orgasmed myself on Master's fingers, so no more questions were asked for awhile.

When I'd recovered and had a couple more bites, I asked, "Why are you considering fisting?"

Janet climaxed, so we had to wait for her to answer. Apparently, my questioning her in public was doing things to her libido.

"I can't say for sure, Mistress. Would it be like getting fucked with a big cock? Would it be painful or feel good? Just once, at least, I'm thinking I might like to experience it."

Being fucked by the Strong's might be a little like getting fisted, at least by a small hand. God knows, they'd filled me up plenty.

"Have either of you had any experience with fisting?" I asked Lisa and Lucia.

"I haven't," Lisa said.

"I haven't had personal experience. Mistress forbade me to play around with fisting due to my conception difficulties. I know a couple of the other slaves have played around with it if the slave doing the fisting had small hands."

"You have the smallest hands of anyone here," I said. "If this is something Janet really wants to attempt, I may have you do it. Otherwise, Rose has the smallest hands I know of."

Janet climaxed again, moaning, her hips rocking against her fingers. Only Janet and I hadn't finished eating, our talking interrupting our food consumption. 

"Finish your meal. Your training will start soon enough," I said. "Master, would you please feed me the rest of my food?"

He quickly fed me the rest of my food, then finger fucked me to another orgasm. I moaned and wriggled in his arms, kissing him frantically as I spent on his fingers. I licked them clean when he was done.

Lisa and Lucia started clearing the table. 

"So what are your plans for tonight?" Master asked. Janet's ears pricked up. I still hadn't told her to stop, so she continued pleasuring herself.

"Tonight, I was planning on teaching Janet how to lick cunt while being fucked and spanked. To demonstrate, I was going to lick hers while you fucked me. After which, you can take Lisa to bed and see to her needs. I'll use the strapless to fuck Janet while she licks the cunts of Lucia and Reneé. She'll be punished if she loses concentration on her duties. Then she needs to learn how to suck cock, so I'll have her practice that on the strapless as well. She wants to have sex with Chen on their next date. I'm thinking she should know how to deep throat before Friday so she can show Chen how she's progressing."

"Will you allow her to cum?"

I looked at Janet. She was looking at me, wondering if I'd allow her to cum.

"Yes," Janet looked relieved, "but not from sex. She'll have to masturbate for Chen like she did for us tonight. She'll be able to orgasm twice." She looked crestfallen, but her expression changed quickly, and I wondered if she was going to follow my instructions, or disobey me. "I'll tell Chen what she's allowed to do and tell him to report back to me what she does. She'll be severely punished if he tells me she did more than allowed. Maybe I'll make her wear the Slave Trainer all night as well." 

Her look of despair returned full force and then some. Oh yes, the slave was considering disobedience. She was certainly as needy as a slave.

The kitchen was clean when the doorbell rang. Lucia looked outside and both of the women were at the front door. 

Lucia checked the peephole. "One of the women is touching her left ear, the other one is touching her right one," Lucia said. "Were we not clear enough?"

"Reneé, the younger one, knew another woman was going to be here and what her name was. Stephanie didn't know Reneé was coming, so she's probably touching the ear saying there's someone else there," I said.

"Well they're both in plain view, so maybe they don't quite understand the concept. We're worried about the people we can't see." 

Lucia put the loaded gun behind her back and opened the door. Both women came in and the door was closed and locked again. Reneé started shedding her clothes which made Stephanie a little uncomfortable considering we might all expect her to do the same. Every one of us was naked.

"Stephanie, in case you were wondering; no one expects you to strip off your clothes. You met Reneé outside. She's another persons sex slave and is starting to work for us on Friday. I invited her here this afternoon after speaking with you. As a sex slave, she's more comfortable naked. 

"The person holding the firearm is Lucia. She's a friend who's kind of assumed the responsibility for our protection until our attacker is caught. The other women are Lisa, my husbands and my love partner and fellow slave in case you didn't meet her in the hospital, and Janet, also my employee and someone exploring whether she has submissive tendencies. She's the one I'm training tonight. I apologize for my husband's nudity. If you're offended by it, you may leave, but he's going to assist me with Janet's training, more to demonstrate with me than anything else. He won't touch you or bother you in any way, and after his demonstration, he'll be leaving the room with Lisa. Do you want to stay?"

Stephanie was staring at his cock. I wasn't offended. It was a nice cock. It wasn't particularly hard, but he'd been excited by everything at the dinner table and he wasn't completely limp either. If she stayed, she would see him a lot more rampant than he was now. It was up to her. She'd said she was married. I'd have been concerned about another naked male cock before my slavery. She looked at everyone else. 

"I'm a nurse. I guess I'm used to seeing other people's genitals, though not usually in this setting. I'll stay." 

"Very well. For the balance of the evening, Janet is my slave, and I have complete control over her. As I'm working with her, feel free to ask any questions you want. I may be otherwise engaged to keep from answering you, but the other women are all slaves and can answer questions as well or better than I. Lucia's has been a slave longer than any of us, and Reneé is the newest slave. She had her first experience with slavery around Memorial Day, and hooked up with her current Master about two weeks later. We're going into the living room for now. I want to demonstrate for Janet how she must learn to suck cock. The second thing she'll be learning is to concentrate on another's pleasure while being fucked or spanked. I will demonstrate on her while Master fucks me, then he'll leave and I will fuck her as she pleasures Lucia and Renee. Do you have any questions to start." 

We moved to the living room and everyone sat down. I had Janet sit on the couch for now, so she could watch. Master sat in his easy chair. I knelt in front of him.

"My first question is why does Janet wonder if she's got submissive tendencies?"

"She started dating one of our friends and the subject of our sexual slavery came up, especially as Reneé, who was a good friend of hers, was beginning her slavery to another friend. She wondered why Reneé would be interested in anything Janet considered so demeaning. She was initially repulsed by the very idea of it, especially since Master was with two women, which made it even more despicable to her. Then she witnessed Reneé being punished and fucked; Reneé cumming during her experience. It aroused her curiosity and she wanted to know if being punished was as bad as she thought it would be. Reneé whipped her and she didn't hate the experience, so she wanted to know more about it, but didn't want to do anything with her new boyfriend until she knew if it was something she was really interested in, or just curious about."

"I'm curious what Janet thinks about what she's experienced thus far. Have you liked it?"

"I've liked what I've experienced thus far. It's why I'm continuing my experimentation."

"It sounds as if you're going to pleasure these women. Are you a bisexual or lesbian? Though why a boyfriend if you're lesbian wouldn't make sense."

"No."

"I believe Lucia is the only true lesbian here," I said. "Reneé identified as bisexual before her slavery started. Neither Lisa or myself had ever been with a woman before our slavery started, nor did Janet. Since our sexuality is now under the control of our Masters or Mistresses, we must have sex with whoever they desire. My Master found it easier to watch us have sex with women rather than other men, so we learned how to please women. At this moment in time, I consider Lisa to be my partner as much as Master and I have no compunction whatever in loving her. I prefer my Master's fucking to other fucking, but I'll have sex with anyone he tells me to."

"Even other men?"

I looked at Master. "It's a touchy subject. Master believed part of the experience I wanted, was to have sex with multiple partners. He allowed me to have sex with other men. It was the reason he limited our original experiment to three weeks. He believed it was all he could tolerate. We learned it was more about the submission to me. When he realized it was, he agreed we could continue our slavery and it's with our understanding he will no longer let us have sex with other men. He has no problem with our having sex with other female slaves."

"But he can have sex with other women?"

"Other slaves like myself, people I may also have sex with. I arranged for him to have sex with two other slaves while he was in Los Angeles. I didn't want my Master to be without sex. One was his college girlfriend, who's pregnant and identifies as lesbian. The other is another bisexual where Lucia lives."

"You let your husband have sex with his old college sweetheart?"

"Yes. I've had sex with her too. Lisa agreed with me that he could. It's our decision now, not just mine. Zoe is more into me than Master, but she had sex with him in college, so it wasn't as if she was adamantly opposed to cock, plus she became pregnant naturally, from another Master, so she's had cock more recently than college."

"How can you let other people fuck your husband?"

Janet was looking at me as well. I'm sure she had the same questions.

"He's not just my husband. He's my Master, which might be the more significant of the two designations. Even if we were to get divorced, he'd still be my Master. I think part of the reason it's difficult for spouses to allow their partners to have sex with other people is we're concerned they might fall out of love with us and in love with the other person. I'm not immune to these feelings of insecurity. I've gotten nervous every time he has sex with another woman, but you need to realize a couple different things. I've never felt as much love as I have for the two people with me right now. Sometimes it feels my heart will burst from my chest. I have faith in my love for them, and faith in their love for me, that it somehow transcends any love we could have for any other person. That no matter who I let him fuck, he will love me and Lisa more than he will ever love anyone else. 

"When he heard we were hurt; he rushed to be at our side, leaving an estate full of beautiful naked women, two of whom he was fucking every night. People I gave him, because I didn't want him to be lonely and without companionship. I'm sure they took good care of him. I wanted them to, but no one will care as much for him as I do. My love extends past the bonds of marriage to sexual bondage. I am fully his, mind, body and soul. I exist to please him, take care of him, and love him. As long as I continue to uphold my responsibilities as his wife and slave, why would he want any other? Not because they would love him more or fuck him more. That person doesn't exist. He can't possibly fuck me as much as I want to be fucked. Lisa and I drain his balls every day. What more could he want? I trust in this. I will always be his everything; everything he wants or desires, I will give him."

"You've expressed my heart as well, Julia," Lisa said. "I don't think it can be expressed better."

"Me either," Master said, ruffling the hair on my head, "and I believe you're right. I don't believe it's possible for me to love anyone more than you two."

"Janet, I told you it's not just my responsibility to be available to him when he wants to fuck me. More than that, it's to see to every need he has. To take care of him not just until he cums, but beyond that, to get him hard again, to fuck either Lisa or myself. To drain him. Why would he stray if he has as much sex as he wants? Part of this is to give him my mouth, but beyond my mouth, it's my throat. He owns every inch of my body, every part of me. I want him to have my all. If you want to be a submissive, it should be with this goal in mind. If you can't swallow all of your Master's cock, you're failing in a critical aspect of your slavery. Before your date with Chen, I want you to be able to do this."

In three seconds, I had every inch of his swollen cock in my mouth, not hard yet, but full and thick. As he grew, I kept his cock in my mouth, then my throat, bulging over his member. When he was fully hard, I bobbed up and down on his prick, swallowing all of him. Janet and Stephanie looking on in some surprise. I don't even know if they'd ever witnessed the like unless they'd watched deep throat porn. Lisa and Reneé could both swallow large cocks and Zoe had indicated every one who wanted Sam's seed had to learn to suck cock, and Lucia had tried multiple times to conceive. I'd seen his erection and it was every bit as large as Master's.

Master hadn't cum since last night, so within five minutes, I was swallowing his sperm, more than a mouthful, though I managed to swallow every drop. I didn't stop. I knew Master was capable of much more after such a length of time, so I kept sucking his shaft until he was fully hard once more. 

"Janet, get in Master's chair. I'm going to lick your cunt while Master fucks me. It is my responsibility to be totally pleasing to you, no matter what's happening to me. If I fail to please you to your satisfaction, tell my Master so he may punish me. Spread your legs," I ordered.

Janet had cum often during supper, and she was going to cum a lot more, making up for all the times she went without cumming since last week.

Janet took Master's place and spread her legs. I braced myself against the arms, and told Master to fuck me hard. He lunged into me, owning his slave. I mewled in pleasure, but it didn't stop me from burrowing my face into Janet's cunt and pleasuring her. She climaxed four times and I climaxed twice before Master grunted and sent his seed deep in my pussy.

I pulled my cum covered face from between Janet's thighs. "At any point did you feel I was giving your cunt less than one hundred percent of my full attention?"

"No, Mistress. I orgasmed four times."

"Master, for the next demonstration, I want you to spank my slave ass. Don't spare it. I want you to keep spanking me until Janet has had two orgasms. If I fail to give her cunt my full attention at any point, you will give me twenty swats more. Janet, tell my Master if you're fully satisfied by my cunt licking when we're done."

I braced myself on the chair arms once again and waited for the first wicked swat on my ass before attending to her liquid cunt once more. In five minutes, she'd cum twice, moaning like a slave slut each time. Master hadn't spared my ass. I knew it was red. Master's cock was hard once more, I could feel it rubbing against my sore ass and wet cunt. I wanted him to spear into my ass, but Lisa deserved some of his cum as much as I did.

"Did I neglect your slave cunt while I was being spanked?" I asked.

"No, Mistress. I couldn't tell the difference between when you were spanked and not."

"You're going to learn to ignore your pleasure and your pain tonight. I'm going to fuck you and I'm going to spank you and you will care for the cunt in front of you like it's the most valuable treasure in the world. Master, I thank you for assisting in my demonstration. I'm sure Lisa needs a good fucking. Why don't you take her to our bedroom and give her one?"

"I'd be happy to, slave." 

He got up and led Lisa to the bedroom.

When he was gone, Stephanie said, "I don't think my husband could cum three times in one night."

"Master will cum at least four. Lisa will ensure he does. She won't be satisfied with just one. The fourth one may take a little longer, but it will get done. Master and I only fucked once or twice a week before my slavery started. Life got in the way, but when your life's mission is to fuck, it's hard for it to get in the way. We watched more TV, read, pretty much anything but pay attention to one another. We don't do that anymore. You might be surprised how often your husband could cum if you made it your life's mission to see that he did. 

"Lucia, why don't we start with you. Take Janet's seat and we'll see what kind of pussy pleaser she is while she's getting fucked." 

While Lucia sat in the chair and spread her legs, I put the strapless in my pussy and picked up The Enforcer. I waited for her to start licking Lucia's pussy before plunging up hers. She started, momentarily neglecting his task and I swatted her ass, causing her to jump. 

"Every time you neglect Lucia's cunt, she will raise her hand, and I will swat your ass with the paddle. You must ignore everything you're feeling, every bit of pleasure and concentrate on the task at hand, that beautiful cunt of Lucia's. It's her pleasure, not your own you should concern yourself with."

I turned on the vibrator and started fucking Janet. She tried to ignore me, my fucking, but every time she climaxed, she surrendered to her own desires; Lucia raised her hand, and I was forced to swat her ass until Lucia lowered her hand. She got better and better, swatted less and less. When she'd made Lucia cum twice without interruption for her own pleasure, I stopped fucking her.

"You may stop now, slave."

She turned to face me. Her entire face was covered with Lucia's cum. So was my strapless, covered in hers. 

"Reneé, it's your turn now. She needs to to learn to pleasure you while she's being spanked. Get in the chair."

Reneé happily took Lucia's place in the chair. "Make love to me, Janet. Show me what you've learned. I'll raise my hand if she neglects her duties." 

I removed the strapless. The only reason I didn't make Janet lick both ends clean was she needed to learn to deep throat a big cock and she needed to practice on the strapless, so it could wait. Since I was going to be spanking her, I chose to use my hand instead of The Enforcer. Concentrating under the sting of that torturous instrument would be tough for a dead person, and her bottom already bore the red marks of many a stinging blow. As Janet got to it, I began to swat her behind, pausing the swatting on occasion to rub her reddened flesh, caress her liquid cunt, for Janet had been aroused by her masturbating, my tongue licking, her fucking, and now her pussy pouted for her spanking. Each time Reneé lifted her hand, I used The Enforcer but she only raised it twice during the four times she orgasmed. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
I don't know if Stephanie realized it, but she'd been lightly rubbing her pussy through her pants as she watched Reneé get pleasured and Janet spanked. I don't know what she was seeing that was arousing her, but she was definitely aroused.

"Kneel!" I ordered. Janet snapped into position. I think she'd been practicing on her own. "Do you need to cum again, slave?" I asked Janet.

"Yes, Mistress. May I please cum?"

"Stephanie, would you like to take a turn in the seat?" I asked. Janet looked frantic, wondering if she'd be licking some complete stranger. Bad enough she'd had to lick her best friend and someone else she barely knew.

Stephanie started as if she didn't know where she was and what she was doing. Her hand pulled away from her crotch looking like she hoped we hadn't noticed. I think everyone noticed.

"I shouldn't. I'm not a lesbian."

"I don't believe I'm a lesbian either, but I do enjoy a good cunt licking by well trained slave," I replied. "You don't have to reciprocate, only accept what's being offered, the services of a well trained cunt licker." Janet blushed again, to be called such. There was no denying it anymore. She was a well trained cunt licker.

Stephanie hesitated. I think because she wanted to do so, but afraid of it; afraid to enjoy a lesbian licking, and she knew she'd enjoy it, already aroused by what she'd seen. So I offered her an alternative, to see if it were more palatable to her.

"Or, you could use the strapless vibrator and fuck our little slave while she practices her cunt licking skills on me."

Both activities involved fucking another woman, but one was more passive, the other more active and maybe seemed less lesbian than accepting a woman's tongue caressing your cunt. I thought both were equal, but I was a sex slave, so what did I know.

Still she hesitated; a stranger amongst the strange.

"I only asked because it looked like you needed to cum, but perhaps I was mistaken." 

Reminding her of her arousal. If she didn't get fucked here, I assumed she'd be going home to her husband and fucking him ragged unless he was the neglectful type. I'm sure she was considering that option as well. How well did she know her husband and would he fuck her if she went home?

I guessed not, since she said, "I'll fuck her."

"You'll need to remove your slacks and panties, at least. This vibrator goes in your pussy at one end and hers at the other." 

I picked it up, and licked my cum off her end. She watched me do it as she removed her trousers, then her panties, not a very flattering pair, but clean if a little moist around her pussy. Not at all what a sex slave would consider attractive if we were allowed any panties. She had a thick bush. Not many trips to the pool, no bikini trim, nothing to stimulate her husband. I don't know if she needed to be a sex slave to attract him as much as just to work at attracting him and be readily available. Was there some reason she worked a double shift and complained of his lack of attention? 

She stood there, her bottom bared. I handed the strapless to her. 

"This part goes into you. You need to grip it a little with your Kegel muscles to keep it inside of you. This button here turns on the vibration function. You'll cum as much as the slave does. Don't enter her until she's started in on my cunt."

Stephanie nodded.

I sat down in the chair. "Get busy slave, fuck your Mistress. Lick my cunt." I spread my legs.

Janet didn't delay any. She wanted to cum and she couldn't cum until she licked my cunt. She dived right in, her face already covered in the cum of two slaves. I was planning to add to it. Stephanie drove into her, Janet hardly losing her focus as her pussy was plundered. I could tell Janet climaxed four times while she was fucked. It wasn't blatantly obvious when she did, a small hint of a hitch in her tongue work as she climaxed, but I barely noticed. I orgasmed four times myself, moaning, clutching her face to my cunt, letting her know how much I appreciated her efforts to please me. 

After the fourth, I stopped Janet, praising her for her skills. I let Stephanie fuck her to a fifth, getting the strapless nice and slimy in her own cum before we started the next lesson.

"It's time you learn to suck cock, Janet. Since we're leaving men out of the equation for now, the strapless vibrator will have to do. It's as large as Master and Jerry, and if you can suck it, you can suck almost anyone. Stephanie, leave it in you for the moment and have a seat here." 

Whether she knew it or not, she was going to feel Janet's lips on her cunt, even if only briefly. Stephanie took a seat, the dildo sticking out of her cunt at the proper angle.

"Janet, I'm going to teach you how to deep throat. It won't be easy, but I have every confidence you have the same ability to please a prick as you do a pussy. This is big. I won't lie to you, bigger than most men, but not beyond your capabilities to handle. Reneé, Lisa and I suck a cock this large every day. We can all get it down our throat. You saw me suck my Master. I know Lucia can swallow Sam's cock and it's as big as Master's dick. You will feel yourself gagging on a prick this prodigious. When you think you can't get it down any farther, I want you to swallow, and swallow again, and keep swallowing until you choke it down. If you have to grab some air, you'll have to come off it, take a few breaths and start again, but each time you do, it will get easier. You'll get accustomed to having it in your throat. You won't gag as much nor will you have to swallow as much. You can't stop until your lips touch Stephanie's cunt. When you've gone that far, you can stop. Begin."

Janet began. The first three inches were easy, she didn't even gag, the next inch or so, she had to work for, but she did it. Past that, she got hung up. Since she had seven inches to swallow, she had a long way to go. As soon as she started gagging, she felt like she was choking and would stop, withdrawing. I let her try five times on her own, without much forward progress.

"You're not swallowing, Janet. You start gagging, think you're going to die, and stop. You're not going to die unless it's buried in your throat for a couple minutes. I know you can hold your breath for at least a minute. I'm going to help you. I'm going to push down on your head, when you start to gag. I won't hold it down for more than a minute, but you have to start swallowing or it won't work. Now try again. Take a deep breath and go."

I let her get it down for the first three, then placed my hand on the back of her head. As soon as she started to gag, I said, "Swallow, swallow, swallow," while exerting pressure on her head. She got it down five inches and the internal clock in my head said time and I released her head. She popped up, spitting and coughing. "Good girl, you managed another inch. Another deep breath, begin."

I started pushing down earlier, reminding her to swallow before she got to the trouble spot. "Swallow, swallow, swallow, you got another inch, swallow." I released her head, less coughing, more drooling this time. "Six inches, one more to go."

"A couple deep breaths, now go."

I didn't push very hard, this time and she still made it six and a half inches. She was brushing Stephanie's pubic hair.

"What a good little slave you are, such a slut."

I didn't push at all the next time, but she was still hung up on the last half inch.

"Very good. I didn't even need to push that time and you got all but a half inch in your throat." I patted her head. "Good girl. Again. I'm going to push, try to get that last little bit down your throat. Stephanie, let me know when you feel her lips on yours. Are you ready, Janet? Remember to swallow. You can do it." Janet nodded.

She took a few quick breaths and started back down the dildo. At six inches, I started pushing, "swallow, swallow, swallow."

Stephanie said, "She's touching my pussy lips." I released her head. Janet's head stayed down as long as she could, swallowing, letting it invade her throat, finally coming up, gasping and drooling. 

"Very good girl. I'm so proud of you, my horny little slut. Do it one more time without me helping at all, and you can stop." 

Janet took several deep breaths then went down on Stephanie's fake cock. All by herself, she buried it in her throat and kissed Stephanie's cunt. She stayed down as long as she could, then came up, less drool this time, learning to swallow it. I kissed her. 

"Such a wonderful slave. I'm so proud of you, Janet. You have only one more task to do and you're done for the evening."

"Yes, Mistress." Her voice was a little rough, probably from having a big dildo down her throat several times.

"You need to clean the other end of the vibrator, the part in Stephanie, and if you notice she's untidy down there because she's cum frequently, clean that up too."

So Janet removed the vibrator from Stephanie's cunt, licked it clean, observed Stephanie's cum leaking from her cunt and licked her sparkling clean. Stephanie did nothing to stop her, in fact, holding her face against her slit until she orgasmed again. Nobody else said a word. I guess when you got right down to it, every woman enjoyed the talents of an accomplished cunt licker, lesbian or not.

"Janet. You can dress and go home now. As a reward for your performance tonight, I'm going to let you bring this vibrator home with you along with the charger to practice your cock sucking skills. Every time you can get your lips down to this point," I pointed to the seven inch mark, "you may have one orgasm. I want you to go home with all of our cum on your face. You're not to wash it off until you get home, is that understood?" Four women had cum on her face. It formed a visible crust.

"Yes, Mistress."

"Get dressed. I'll get you the charger."

Janet got dressed while I got the charger in the bedroom. Master and Lisa were lying together talking. 

"How did Janet's training go?" Master asked.

"Very well, sir, thanks to your assistance. We're almost done. A few last minute instructions and perhaps Stephanie has more questions."

"Hurry back."

"Yes, Master."

Janet was dressed when I returned. There is very little a slave has to put on even under the best of circumstances. Stephanie had dressed as well.

I touched Janet's face, feeling the crust. "You did very well tonight, slave. I'm very proud of you." I kissed her.

She stood with her head bowed, blushing again. "Yes, Mistress."

"Stephanie, do you have any more questions?" I asked.

"Yes. How did it feel, slave?"

"I loved it," Janet said.

"You love going home with the cum of four women on your face?"

"Yes."

"How many times did you climax?"

"I don't know. Was I supposed to keep track, Mistress."

"No," I told her.

She stopped to think. "More than twenty, I guess."

"How many times did you cum?" I asked Stephanie.

"Six."

"What aroused you more; imagining yourself in Janet's place or mine?"

Stephanie was silent. "Don't you know or are you ashamed to admit which it is?" I asked.

"I liked them both," she finally said. "Both were arousing to me."

"You wanted to find out about my life. Do you understand now? Do you know why I want no other life for myself other than the one I have?"

"And your husband doesn't care about any of this?"

"I can't speak for my Master, but I had to have his permission to do this. It was his choice. He got his cock sucked and climaxed in my cunt while you watched. Did he appear bothered by the experience?"

"No."

"I would guess it would be his answer as well."

Stephanie asked the others, "You enjoyed yourselves?"

"What's not too like?" Lucia asked. "A submissive pleasing her Mistress by obeying? It's my life as well. I choose the same life for myself."

"Me, too," Reneé replied, "except I chose a Master."

"If you don't understand," I said, "I'm not sure it can be explained further. Perhaps only by experiencing it can you understand it. It's why Janet is exploring. If you want to understand, volunteer to be your husband's sex slave for three weeks. I suspect he wouldn't deny you the experience, not if he loves you."

"I have children."

"I will have soon." I patted my swelling belly. "I understand why you wouldn't want your children exposed to this, particularly the punishment aspects. They may see it as a normal part of the world and expect the world to be that way, when it's not. If I didn't want to be punished, to be subservient, it would be assault or battery, domestic abuse and violence. We recently learned my Master's parents did this on special occasions, when the kids were away or on vacation. My Master never knew they hid it so well. 

"You may not be able to do this full time. I'm sure I'll have to alter my behavior when my child is old enough to understand, but submission will always be a part of my life. In some ways, I don't believe it bad for children to know how much two, or three people in my case, can love one another. I can't imagine any other life anymore. Take a weeks vacation with your husband away from your kids. Experiment. Maybe neither of you likes it. Possibly you enjoy being the dominant and your husband the submissive. Submissiveness is not a gender specific trait. One of our male friends learned he's the submissive one in the family, but his wife did not want to be his dominant. Maybe only one of you likes the experience. At least you know. It could be yours if you want it. Lucia will see you out. Security, you understand. Lucia, would you like company for awhile? I can check with my Master."

"Julia, I have an hour before I need to leave to greet my Master," Reneé said. "Would you object to my staying with Lucia for awhile?"

"Not at all, if it's what Lucia wants."

"I'd like it," Lucia replied, "I'd like it a great deal."

"Goodnight everyone. I need to see if Master has another erection in him. If not, I suppose I shall have to be satisfied with Lisa." 

I patted Janet's cheek again and caressed her pussy as a final goodbye. She moaned, the little slut.

******

SCOTT

I was surprised at how well Julia did as Janet's Mistress. Of course, she'd observed other dominants, including myself, so I suppose I shouldn't be as surprised as I was. She certainly seemed to understand and anticipate Janet. I thought asking Janet about her submission list in front of the others was brilliant. It added a layer of humiliation which Janet ate up if her orgasms while masturbating were any indication. 

When the actual training started, Julia showed Janet what she wanted her to do, by doing it first, getting her own pleasure in at the same time. I thought she handled Stephanie nicely as well. I didn't want Julia taking on the additional responsibility of training another slave, so Stephanie was on her own, no matter what she might want.

I also loved what she said about being a slave and how much she cared for me and Lisa. I supposed she was right. Why would I ever want to fool around when I had two women willing to do anything for me including arrange for me to have sex with other slaves. I was living a dream scenario as long as I didn't screw it up.

I knew when she asked me to take Lisa into our bedroom, it was more for Stephanie's benefit than either of ours, but Lisa hadn't gotten much pleasure out of the evening thus far and deserved some Masterly attention. I fucked her long and hard, letting her ride me to reduce the pressure on her ribs. When I finally climaxed, Lisa gingerly, lay down beside me and we talked; some of it about Jack, some about us.

"We need to go over the documents Zoe prepared, decide if we need to make any changes and sign it," I said. "I had a hard time getting in to see you because you aren't 'family', which is total nonsense."

"Perhaps tomorrow night, Master. Thursday is out due to poker."

"Do you feel up to playing?"

"I can certainly give it a try and cash out if I'm unable to continue past a certain point, sir."

"How did Janet and Lucia work out today?"

"Lucia is very good, sir. She seems quite competent at everything, carpentry, firearms, self defense. She's not horrible in the kitchen either. Janet is learning, but she paid attention and did what we asked her to do well. Perhaps her submissive nature makes it easy for her to take instruction. We should be done with the second bed frame by Friday. We could deliver them too Brianna's. Get out of town for awhile so we don't have to be as alert for trouble."

"You might have a very good idea, young padawan. Do you think Janet's a sex slave?"

"I'd be very surprised if she didn't want a collar slapped on her the moment Julia finishes her training. She seems a natural born sex slave to me, Master."

"What do you think Chen will do if she does want to be collared."

"I don't know, sir. I'm not sure he knows. It would be nice if he takes her in hand. I think he'd make a good Master if he's willing to be one. I'd hate to see Janet end up with another asshole. Janet thinks she's overweight because he told her she was. Looking at her, do you see any evidence of it?"

"None."

"You should tell her the next time you see her naked. She may not believe us. She might believe you, sir, being a man. Even better, get a big erection when you see her so she knows how good she looks."

"Yeah, I don't think it works quite like that."

"We'll figure something out, sir."

Julia came into the bedroom to get the charger for the strapless vibrator.

"How did Janet's training go?" I asked.

"Very well, sir, thanks to your assistance. We're almost done. A few last minute instructions and perhaps Stephanie has more questions."

"Hurry back."

"Yes, Master."

In roughly ten more minutes, Julia was back and climbed into bed with us. She stroked my cock.

"Does it have another erection left in him?" She asked.

"Haven't you had enough?"

"No, Master. I never have enough, but I wasn't asking for me, I was asking for Lisa. She hasn't had as much fun tonight as I have." She took it in her mouth and started sucking. 

Damn if it didn't begin to stir.

"Mmm, mmm, good," she said, cupping my balls with an undeniable twinkle in her eye. "Lisa, would you like this cock served in your cunt, or your ass tonight?"

"I've already had it in my cunt. I believe I shall have this one in my ass."

"I would if it were me." She bobbed down on my prick, enveloping it in warm wetness, kissing my nuts in the process.

Lisa joined her, taking turns sucking my cock until I was fully hard. When I was presentable, Lisa got on her hands and knees and invited me to take her ass. I only delayed long enough to soak my prick in her pussy for a little lubrication before taking her up on her offer.

"You see, Master," Julia said, "You have no need for any other woman. You have two that don't fight over you and want to extract every drop of cum you possess, taking it any orifice. What more could you want?"

"Nothing," I grunted, spearing into Lisa's ass. "Absolutely nothing."

"Excuse me, Master. I wish to help my sister slave cum."

She wriggled between my legs, and started licking Lisa's cunt while fondling my sack. Lisa orgasmed in seconds. I was going to take a while longer. They'd already extracted three loads tonight since seven. Fifteen or twenty minutes later, I surrendered what cum I had left, depositing it deep in Lisa's posterior.

"Sir, you're in my way," Julia said. "Unless you plan to tidy up after yourself."

I pulled out of Lisa's bottom, and just as Lisa had done yesterday for Julia, Julia did the same for her, her tongue laving across her sphincter, cleaning her. Lisa moaned, feeling Julia's tongue caress her nether regions. When her bottom was as pristine as it could be, Julia stopped and Lisa kissed her.

They tried to kiss me after. "Ugh! Go brush your teeth, both of you. I know where that mouth has been."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
They both laughed, got up and brushed their teeth and gargled with mouthwash. Julia brought back a warm washcloth and cleaned me off, depositing it to the dirty clothes hamper.

"Now may we have a kiss, Master," Julia said, returning.

"Now you may have a kiss." I kissed them both and they snuggled against me, settling in for the night.

"I love you both so much," Julia said, sleepily.

"And we love you, slave. Now go to sleep."

"Yes, Master."

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 33|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-33|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<i>This chapter covers the remainder of the first week Lucia stays with the Rivers. It contains, bondage, orgasm denial, figging, oral and lesbian sex, regular fucking, a golden shower and fisting. Janet is exploring her submissiveness. No STD's exist in this fantasy world.</i>

<b>Ch 33 - The Rest of the Week</b>

JULIA

Master went to work early, needing to catch up from his week in LA and Monday's debacle, especially since Jerry was leaving work every day at three for his General Contracting license classes. Lisa and I sleepily rose to give him his blow job before he left, but he told me to sleep some more and he was good for now. We both curled up with one another and went back to sleep for another ninety minutes. When we finally got up, Lucia was already up.

"I had a good time with Reneé last night. She's a cute girl," she said.

"A very lovely girl," I said. 

"How is it you met her and she became involved with her?" Lucia asked.

We told her how Master had made me seduce a sales clerk at a Department Store where we were shopping for slave appropriate attire, which was Gwen, Reneé's boss. When Lisa became a slave with me, she was made to seduce a clerk at the same store, who turned out to be Reneé. They both came to the Memorial Day bash, after which Reneé began considering if she wanted to be a sex slave permanently, eventually attaching herself to Jerry. 

"That was quite the party," Lucia commented. 

She didn't know the half of it, as we left off the part where all of our parents had been present. Breakfast was toasted English Muffins with raspberry jam, English Breakfast tea, and OJ. Janet arrived at the appointed work start time. She gave the appropriate signal when she arrived, so she didn't have the firearm stuck in her face when she came in. Janet removed her clothes, joining us in our nudity, though she did have a work apron she wore over her naked body.

We started work, staining and varnishing was on the agenda the next two days, with final assembly on Friday. Master had placed the order for the other three pieces of equipment we would start on next week to be delivered today, so it was possible we could start work on Friday on one of those items, depending upon how long Lucia's doctor appointment went. 

Janet was subdued during the morning, not speaking much, less animated than we'd seen her. Lisa finally asked her what was going on.

"I'm afraid of how much I've liked what my exploration has revealed about me. It feels wrong, somehow. I went from someone who thought the entire concept of sexual slavery was disgusting and horrid, to someone who can't wait to see what's in store for me next."

"It's not dissimilar to what I felt when Julia told me she was going to submit to her husband for three weeks. I was willing to support her decision because I knew how much she enjoyed her slavery novels and I knew Scott well enough to know he wouldn't do anything to really harm her and it was only three weeks. It was witnessing it for myself and her talking about the great sex she was having that made me want to become one myself. I wasn't getting much sex at all and it sounded wonderful to me."

"How did you decide to become a sex slave, Lucia?" Janet asked.

I'd never heard this story. All I knew about was the bad things she was receiving treatment for now. I didn't even know how she came to the United States, let alone become Brianna's slave.

"After my rape and the death of my father and uncle, the incarcerations of my mother and aunt and brothers, a close friend of my mother helped me apply for protected at risk status with the US embassy. They accepted me into the country and she paid for my ticket."

"Are you sure they are dead and in prison," Lisa asked.

Lucia's tears started to flow, a marked contrast to the hard as nails protector we'd come to know. "My father and uncle were killed in front of me when the soldiers and police started raping me and they tried to protect me. The others were arrested."

"For what?" I asked.

"Crimes against the state, treason."

"What crimes?"

"Protesting the brutal nature of the regime in power, the deaths and disappearances of people for no reason, with no charges, no trials. People would vanish without a trace after a government raid, sometimes their bodies were found later, tortured; more times they were never seen again."

"Why didn't they arrest you?" Lisa asked.

"They believed I was dead. They left me for such. I probably looked dead when they left me, broken, beaten and barely breathing."

"How many men raped you?" Janet asked, her voice a horrified whisper.

"I lost consciousness after six. I don't know the total number. There were twenty-three men when they broke into our house. Whether all of them had me or I became too disgusting to touch, I don't know."

All three of us hugged her. How could we not? It was the most horrible story I'd ever heard. No wonder she had medical and psychological problems. She'd been a virgin when taken.

"How did you survive?" I asked.

"Neighbors came after the men left, I think primarily to see if there was anything worth taking since they knew no one would be returning. They found me, brought me to a sympathetic doctor who treated me for the worst of my injuries. My mother's friend helped hide me. She sold many items from my house to pay for her help, and eventually my way to this country. More was used to repay the doctor for his help. When I arrived here, I was alone, with no friends. A church mission who did work in my country let me stay there for awhile while I looked for work and a place to stay. I saw an ad for work at Brianna's estate as a housekeeper. She offered me a place to stay and work. Most of the people there were her slaves already. I saw how well they were loved and treated, and after a few months, asked to submit to her."

"How did you find out you were a lesbian?" Lisa asked.

"Most of the poorer women of my country marry young, as early as sixteen for some, seventeen and eighteen for most of them. I was an old maid at twenty, but hadn't found a young man who attracted me or who I loved. A couple older men asked father's permission to court me, but I was disinterested. After I was attacked and raped, no reputable men were interested. As a non-virgin who'd experienced the cocks of many men, if I'd remained, I would have become a whore. While at Brianna's, one of the slaves asked me to share her bed one night, and I discovered an emotional attachment to her I'd never had with any of the boys of my acquaintance. Sexual slavery to a woman seemed normal afterwards.

"I'd been there for about five years when Mistress had her twins. When she told us Sam was willing to provide his seed to any woman who desired to bear children, I was elated. I'd always wanted children, but as a lesbian slave, had given up on the idea. Of course, it was Sam who discovered the problems I had with men. Rather than continue on as if there was no problem, he found out about what happened. Mistress ended my submission and lesbian activities until psychiatrists convinced her they were not the result of my trauma. I received more medical assistance and counseling. Chantelle and Marcia began working with me on self defense and protection, so I became more confident in dealing with bad situations and felt I could protect myself."

"You couldn't have protected yourself against twenty-three attackers," I said.

"No one can. But I would have crippled or killed some of them and forced them to kill me," Lucia replied. "It would have been preferable."

"Then you wouldn't be here now, trying to receive treatment to have children," I said. "You're alive. You're in a good situation."

"I was lucky. I was lucky I was found by friendly neighbors who didn't turn me in to the police. Lucky I didn't have to become a whore fucking for money. Lucky your country was ruled by compassionate, non-racists who gave me sanctuary here. If it happened now, I wouldn't have been allowed to enter. Lucky I found employment with Brianna. Lucky I found kind friends like you and Lisa, Scott, Sam, Marcia, Chantelle and Dawn. It could have ended so much worse for me. A million things might have gone wrong. It might have ended differently for a thousand other women. Death would have been better. I do not want to have to depend on luck like that again. I'd rather be dead."

"I don't know why you'd want to be a sex slave after all that," Janet said.

"Sex slave to a woman. I could never be one to a man. I can tolerate a man's touch enough to get pregnant, but I could not submit to one, even those as kind as Sam and Scott. My slavery mostly consists of pleasing my Mistress, which I would do anyway, and the occasional punishment, which is nothing to me and I enjoy anyway. I get more beat up doing self defense with Marcia and Chantelle.

"You must understand, most people are not like the people who brutalized me, and it's more in groups and mobs, than individuals, but it's happened a number of times in history. Slavery in your country, Jews and gypsies by the Nazis, muslims by the Crusaders, Chinese by the Japanese; over and over again. It happens whenever people acquire absolute power over others and consider those people to be less than themselves, whether due to race, religion, national origin, wealth, or any other reason. 

"When you believe someone else is less human than you; you can do anything to them. In my country, it is a group of despotic rich people who consider the poor to be bugs who challenge their absolute power and status. If you think it can't happen again here, you're wrong. You can see signs of it, even now. It's why your politics are fracturing. There are those who consider anyone not born in this country to be less, and it's worse if they're 'different' than themselves. The person who killed all the gays in an Orlando nightclub, the man in Texas who went on a rampage shooting anyone Hispanic as a possible illegal border jumper. It's getting worse. 

"The current president has in the past advocated shooting the legs of those coming here for freedom and financial opportunity. I suspect he cares little for any people not white, rich, and male."

We were quiet. What could we say, it was true. The Indians had been deliberately exposed to smallpox to eradicate them, the Japanese-Americans placed in internment camps during the war. They hadn't done the same to families of Italian and German immigrants, but the Japanese were 'different'. I hated to think that what happened to Lucia could ever happen to anyone in this country, but it happened all the time, by some people, thankfully mostly not yet the police or military. Though how many people were killed or injured during the peaceful crossing of the bridge in Alabama during the civil rights movement when the police released the dogs on them and beat them with batons. That was only fifty years ago, within my parents lifetime. Attacks did seem to be increasing on those some people considered different from themselves.

We worked without words for quite a while. Eventually Janet said, "I've decided I'd like to try all the gray areas on my list, at least once."

"I can arrange most of the things on your list for you," I said, "but there are some things you need to do in preparation for them, and some which I might need to find an expert. I don't know anyone who does Japanese bondage."

"Sam does some Shibari bondage," Lucia said.

"Really? How interesting," I said.

"No suspensions, but some of the other things."

"You've said I must use butt plugs to prepare for anal sex. When would I need to use them?" Janet asked.

"We have four different sizes. You could get by with three. You should start with the smallest size and wear for a day before going to the next largest, and the largest at least a half day before being anally fucked."

"Why would I only need three, instead of four?"

"Assuming you wish to be fucked by Chen, he's not quite as large as Master. You wouldn't need to use the largest one, though you certainly could. You wouldn't need to be plugged until the week you wish to proceed with anal intercourse."

"I'd like to experience it before trying it with Chen. I wouldn't want to have a bad experience with him."

"We're talking about the strapless then, which is larger. We'd have to go with all four plugs. We could start the first plug on Friday and do the deed the following Tuesday."

"Why not do it today and go for Saturday, Mistress?"

"We need to get these beds to LA if we finish them. It's my expectation we will, so we will likely be gone on Saturday."

"I see, Mistress."

"Don't worry, Janet. You'll be ass fucked soon enough. Some of the things may take awhile to arrange. I'll have to check on how to do a Nyotaimori."

"Chantelle knows how to do a Nyotaimori. We've done one of those at the estate," Lucia said. "

"If you'd be willing to forgo Saturday date night with Chen, Janet, I'll check and see if Chantelle would be willing to prepare a Nyotaimori for Saturday night in Los Angeles. Of course, you'd have to be willing to let everyone eat off you."

"Why don't you invite her boyfriend to join us?" Lucia suggested. "They could come down for a visit. Mistress maintains a guest room."

"I'm not ready to spend the night with Chen yet," Janet protested.

"Nor am I ready to allow it as your Mistress," I replied. "You'll need to earn it."

"She can spend the night with me. I understand you need to spend a night with Dawn, Mistress and Zoe," Lucia said. "I know how to use well trained slave cunt lickers."

Janet blushed again. She still wasn't used to being referred to as a cunt licker. After yesterday, she was extremely well trained. She could concentrate on pleasuring one while being fucked herself or spanked.

"It's true, it was the price they exacted to pleasure my Master for a week."

"What did you intend to do at my Thursday night training, Mistress?"

"I was originally planning for your figging and some Slave Trainer orgasm denial for sure, followed by your golden shower. Since you've now opened up all aspects of your list, I'm thinking of dropping the golden shower and doing anilingus and fisting instead."

Which actually gave me a very good idea, though I'd have to involve Master and Chen in my plan. If Janet was ready to suck Chen's dick on their date on Friday, no point in not jumping the gun on Thursday.

"Why are you removing the golden shower at this time?" Janet inquired.

"Who would want to purchase a slave who'd been pissed on?" I asked. "If you want to be pissed on, we can do it later today. You can take a shower after."

"Let's get some lunch," I said. "It's nearly one. Our next delivery is at two. I need to get dressed to accept it."

"I'll need to be dressed as well," Lucia said. "I'm not letting you go outside without protection."

While Lisa and Janet prepared a brunch of poached eggs over fried potatoes and Canadian bacon for us, Lucia and I got dressed. It wasn't much but it would do the trick. In addition, I sent a text to Master telling him we would be done with both of the bed frames by Friday and to make arrangements with Brianna to deliver them. I suggested we could invite Chen and Janet with their permission as a couple of the activities on Janet's bondage list might be accomplished there, the Japanese rope bondage and Nyotaimori. He sent back a Really? I responded that Sam knew some Shibari and Chantelle had previously arranged a Nyotaimori for everyone at the Estate. He said he would make inquiries. 

Our meal went quickly. Lisa and Janet went back downstairs after eating, while Lucia and I cleaned up since we were waiting anyway.

"How does this delivery occur normally?" Lucia asked. "Does the same person always deliver?"

"It's usually one of three different men," I said. "They come to the door, ask where I want it left and they unload it."

"Where will you have them deliver it?"

"Our garage for the bed. Lisa's garage next door for the other two items of furniture. We'll need to move it to our garage as we need it where we'll measure and cut it on the table saw. Master is adding a few items which may be added by the purchasers of any of the equipment."

"No one will go to her garage without my protection," Lucia said.

"We'll be careful," I agreed. "I don't want to go through another hospital stay." 

The Lowe's delivery driver arrived on time. If he noticed the other woman kept her hand in her big purse, he didn't say anything. We put the material for Mistress Dark's king size bed frame in our garage and put the door down. Thinking of Mistress Dark while her bed frame items were placed in my garage made me think of the way I'd tried to usurp her slaves. My ass grew itchy thinking of the punishment I'd probably earned from her. 

The materials for the two other pieces of bondage furniture were put in Lisa's garage. I had her garage door opener so I could put it in and close the door without going into the house. Lucia stayed within ten feet of me the entire time, like a guardian angel. I signed for the materials and they left. We returned to the house and removed our clothes, joining the others in the basement. Around four, we reached a point where we had to let the stain dry before applying another coat. I suggested we all piss on Janet before letting her leave for the day. The others agreed. 

Removing her apron, Janet got in the shower and lay down on the tile floor. I told Lucia to piss on her pussy, Lisa to piss on her chest and I would piss on Janet's face. Lucia went in and stood over Janet's legs, slightly squatting. Finally, Lucia released, a strong yellow stream which she sprayed all over Janet's legs, abdomen and cunt, drenching her lower body. She left the shower after rinsing herself off. Lisa took her place.

She stood over Janet and let loose. A yellow stream splashed over Janet's chest and tits. Janet wasn't saying anything, making no sound, but her nipples were hard. It didn't seem right to me she should be enjoying this and it seemed she was. Lisa rinsed herself off and got out of the shower. I entered.

"How have you liked it thus far?" I asked. "I want to know before I piss all over your face."

"It was okay, Mistress," Janet said.

"I don't agree with this sort of treatment, Janet. This doesn't align with my idea of what I would ever want anyone to do to me, not my Master, not anyone. It's like my rape. Just because I chose to submit as sex slave to my husband, doesn't mean I want all men to have Mastery over me without mine or my Master's permission. If he thought so little of me he wanted me to fuck everyone, I couldn't love him the way I do. 

"Master loves and cherishes his slaves. He adores them. Everything he does demonstrates this every day. When I've been humiliated, it's been for the purpose of arousing me, to later fuck me to our mutual enjoyment. Even being shared with other men was to satisfy me, because he believed it was something I desired. 

"This seems designed solely for your humiliation and degradation. Perhaps this desire is associated with the emotional abuse associated with your ex - that you feel unworthy to be loved and desired - that you weren't good enough to love. I assure you, it's not true. You are worthy in all respects to be loved and cherished. Chen would never want to piss on you. He will treat you as the lovely woman you are, even if he's willing to accept your submission. 

"I ask you to reconsider before I do this to you. If you were to remain as my sex slave for the rest of your life, I would never piss on you. The only reason I'm willing to do it now is because you asked to experience it. You've done so to a point. My pissing on your face carries it to a more disgusting and degrading level. You don't deserve to be treated as a toilet. I'm concerned you want to be treated as such. So I ask you again if you really want me to do what I'm about to do knowing I believe you're worthy of so much love and respect and not what your ex made you believe you deserve? Just because it's part of BDSM you read about, doesn't mean it's something you should experience. I don't want to experience everything associated with it." 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"Do you really believe I'm worthy of being loved, Mistress?" Janet asked.

"Of course I do. I believe the person who loves you and is loved in return will be a very lucky person indeed."

"Don't do it, Mistress." Good. I had no desire to piss on her face. I had no need to degrade her. A little sexual humiliation was sufficient to enforce her status as my slave.

"Stand up. We need to get you cleaned up and presentable before my Master gets home. I expect you to eat with us again tonight."

"Are you sure, Mistress?"

"Of course I'm sure. Aren't I your Mistress? Isn't it your duty to obey?"

"Yes, Mistress."

Janet stood up and I gently washed her, even her hair. I stroked and touched her body everywhere until she was panting with arousal. With our soapy bodies plastered together, I kissed her, attacking her mouth, and finger fucked her to cumming until she was whimpering.

Then I knelt at her feet and licked her cunt. She wasn't the only cunt licker in the household. I made sure she had two more orgasms before I stood and kissed her, telling her to lick her cum from my face.

"You are worthy of love," I said, when she'd finished. "Never forget it."

"Yes, Mistress."

I dried her when we got out of the shower, then myself. 

"You will remain nude during supper tonight, slave. You need to get used to your body not being your own."

"Yes, Mistress."

We ordered a couple large pizzas to be delivered when Master arrived home. Lucia was alert when Master came in and again when the pizza delivery woman arrived. None of us were dressed, so she watched from the doorway as Master accepted the pizza at the door, not relaxing until the door was locked again. We joined Master in the dining room after. Master took note of Janet's and my clean, soapy smelling, nude presence when we sat down and he smiled at me. 

"More BDSM experiences, slave?"

"Yes, Master, though we'll call this one incomplete and unnecessary. Janet, display for my Master."

Janet jumped up and displayed. 

"Master, closely inspect the slave displayed for your viewing pleasure and tell me what you think of her."

He did so, not a cursory examination, but an intense inspection, making Janet squirm under the intensity of his gaze. You could see him considering her breasts, her cunt, her figure in general, the curviness. He made her turn around for him so he could look at her lovely bottom. He made her turn again and she blushed as he discussed all of her many fine assets.

"Do you find her attractive, Master?"

"She's exquisite," Master replied. "The state of my cock should be a perfect indicator of her attractiveness."

"Would you remove your clothes and show Janet what you think of her body, sir?"

Master took off his work clothes and his cock was as hard and steely as I expected it to be inspecting the tasty slave in front of him. Janet stared at his cock, hard for her. I was happy Master was playing along.

"Would my Master love to fuck this slave?" I asked.

"If my friend, Chen, weren't interested in her and she in him; I'd gladly plunge my cock in this slave's cunt." His cock twitched as he spoke, an exclamation point to his declaration. Janet gulped to think of it, her cunt starting to drip.

"I believe this slave doesn't believe she's worthy and desirable because of the shameful way her ex made her feel about herself. I believe it's why she wanted to be pissed on, to reinforce her feelings of worthlessness and degradation. I'm not sure she believes a woman's opinion to be a valid indicator of her true worth. I thought perhaps a mans point of view might be worth more to this pitiful slave."

Master called Janet over in front of him. He ordered her to continue to display. She started shaking like leaves in a tree on a windy day. Master moved his hands over her body exploring every nook and cranny of her nude form. Her shivering increased. 

He stood, took her hand and placed it on his prick. "I want you to feel how hard I am for you," he said. "This is for you. This is what you do to me." The head of his cock leaked pre-cum. "Don't ever think you're any less than one of the most desirable women on the planet. Chen will be a very lucky man if you choose to become his. Acknowledge me."

"Yes, Master."

"Yes, Master what?"

"Chen will be lucky."

"What else?"

"I'm beautiful and desirable."

"I should make you take care of this erection you're responsible for. Fortunately, I have slaves to relieve you of the responsibility or I would do a disservice to my friend. Julia, please take care of this for this beautiful woman."

"Of course, Master."

He'd done exactly what I'd wanted of him. One might even think we'd discussed and rehearsed this ahead of time, but he'd reacted perfectly without coaching. I loved him so much. I knelt at his feet and sucked his magnificent prick in front of Janet and the others, eagerly vacuuming the sperm from his balls until he exploded in my mouth, salty and warm. I made her kneel with me and kissed her, sharing his cum with her.

"This is your doing, slave," I whispered after she'd tasted him. "Never again believe you need to be humiliated and degraded by accepting anything less than the love and devotion you deserve."

"Yes, Mistress."

"Since Master is feeding Lisa tonight, I'll feed you. Wait for me to tidy my Master, then sit on my lap."

"Yes, Mistress."

I tidied up by licking Master clean, before taking a seat and pulling Janet onto my lap. As I ate, I gave Janet bites of the two different pizzas. Often during the meal, I would penetrate her wet juicy cunt and make her gasp in pleasure. Other times, I would suck on her tender nipples, leaving them covered in pizza grease. She often surrendering to her orgasm in front of the others which embarrassed and humiliated her. To think she'd done such a personal and intimate thing in full view of three other people, one of them my Master, made the orgasms more delicious to me. 

When we'd finished, I made her kneel in front of me and lick me to an orgasm, calling her a cunt licker, which also made her squirm in discomfort, yet aroused her. After I bathed her tongue in my cum, I told her she could return home. Before she left, Master said he'd spoken to Brianna and we would leave for LA on Saturday with the two bed frames. He said he'd spoken to Chen and both he and Janet would be joining us for the weekend. I looked at Master to see if he'd made the other arrangements I'd asked for. I didn't want to ask him in front of Janet as I wanted them to be a surprise to her. Without saying specifically, he said there were some special events planned for the weekend, so I knew at least two of the items on her list would be addressed, both of them with Chen in attendance.

Lucia was glad to be going home, if only for the weekend, though after speaking to the doctor on Friday, it might be permanently. Either because Doctor Sturgis couldn't do anything to help, or Lucia could be helped, but it wouldn't require her to stay. She was eager to see her Mistress and friends. I would have to repay Zoe and Mistress Brianna for their help in pleasuring Master last week. 

Janet left and Master said since both of his slaves were now able to fuck and sleep comfortably enough to spend the night with him, as Lucia's host, one of his slaves would begin spending the entire night with her. Since Lisa had entertained her last night, the first full night would be mine. We would alternate each night as long as she remained our guest. Lucia attempted to demur, but I agreed fully with Master that Lucia shouldn't have to spend her nights alone. I told her I was eager to show her the hospitality of Master's house to a guest. She smiled and gratefully accepted. After the negligible clean up we had to do, we played euchre again for a few hours. 

When it was time for bed, I led Lucia back to her room. We took a shower first, and I washed her as I'd done Janet hours before, with the same results, Lucia shuddering in orgasm as we kissed. The night was even better.

******

SCOTT

I was a little surprised Julia wanted Chen and Janet to come to LA on the weekend, but when I heard the purpose, I was intrigued. I spoke to Brianna who said she wouldn't object to two additional guests and when she heard the reason Janet was attending, was all in. I spoke to Sam and Chantelle to ensure Chantelle would be available to prepare the Nyotaimori. By the time arrangements were made, Janet wouldn't be the only one to be surprised on Saturday.

Once again, Julia treated Janet as a slave in front of me. She embarrassed Janet a great deal, whose face was flame red a few times. At one point, Julia ordered Janet to display for me asked what I thought of the beauty of her slave. There seemed to be some purpose to it. I find Janet to be a lovely woman who any man would be lucky to have. I pointed out her many fine features, further discomfiting the poor girl. I told Julia my cock was hard just looking at her. Julia asked if I'd please remove my clothes, which I did. 

I finally understood the purpose of the inspection when Julia told me Janet didn't feel worthy to be adored and loved and perhaps needed to hear it from someone other than a woman. I called Janet to me and put her hand on my cock and told her it was due to her I was so hard. Of course, some relief was called for at that point, but Julia sucked me dry, then shared my cum with her slave. While I fed Lisa tonight, Julia fed Janet and she kept her squirming in orgasm during most of the meal. Janet was clearly becoming a full blown submissive. Julia sent her home after supper and the rest of us played cards until bed time, at which time Julia went with Lucia and Lisa and I went to bed. 

Lisa really did seem to feel her climaxes were better for her ribs than drugs. She kept urging me to make her cum again. I fucked her twice and licked her after, before we went to sleep and she enjoyed every orgasm she had. 

I lay awake thinking of the coming few days. Tomorrow was poker and it was Jerry's turn to host, but he was going to classes, so I was hosting for him. Reneé was coming over, but not to serve the players. She was coming to spend time with the other slaves. The only bad part of accepting Lisa as a slave was having to host poker twice as often, but I guess it was worse for Regina. With the Strong's living with her, she now had it three times. Considering the benefits to me of Lisa's slavery, I had absolutely no regrets. Chen had it once and he was about to move in next door. Maybe Regina and I should just start hosting every other week and let Jerry take a week once out of every seven. I'd given everyone the code to provide us if anyone was sneaking around outside

Lucia had to go to the doctors again tomorrow. I hated that she wasn't here to help protect Lisa, but at least Janet would be here. I would make sure they had their cells with them and 911 ready to dial. Just keep the damn door locked. I doubted Lisa would unlock the door for anyone. It was a hard lesson to learn. I would have Julia keep me informed of any problems they had while going to the doctors. I finally curled lightly around Lisa in order not to touch her ribs and went to sleep.

******

Lucia and Julia were up when I got up. I'd let Lisa sleep some more. Since Julia was already awake, she took care of my morning wood while Lucia served my breakfast. As Julia swallowed my sperm, I was munching on a slice of bacon. For those of you who don't know how amazing it is to be eating bacon while a load of sperm is being eagerly downed in a sucking throat, I pity you.

Before leaving, I told Julia to keep me informed of any problems they encountered today. Julia agreed and told me they would be going grocery shopping, picking up food and supplies for the poker game and picking up some dominoes today from a game store after the medical tests were run. I asked about whether she would be buying clothing today since she hadn't gotten any on Monday.

"No, Master. Since we're going to LA this weekend, I thought Zoe and I could go shopping for maternity clothes together on Sunday. We wouldn't have to worry about Jack there."

"Good plan. Remind Janet and Lisa to be extra careful while you're gone. No one comes in the house after Lucia is gone."

"Yes, sir." 

I kissed her before she left, tasting myself on her.

The day dragged as I kept worrying about my girls. Julia told me when they arrived at the doctors, and when they left, no one following them. Nothing from Lisa, but she hadn't been told to stay in touch all day. I finally sent a text to Lisa to text me once an hour telling me she and Janet were okay. She immediately responded they were well and she'd keep me informed. 

Julia told me when they left for the game store and when they went grocery shopping, and no issues cropped up to disturb events. Nevertheless, it was with a great deal of relief I received the news they were home. The rest of my day went much better.

Mistress Dark called late in the day and said she'd definitely sold three more bed frames, two kings and a queen, and the two bondage devices were sold and two more ordered. Good news for my slaves business. I told her we were starting on her bed next week, if not tomorrow, and hoped to have it done by next weekend. Remembering Julia's and Lisa's attempts to usurp her slaves, I also said my slaves had misbehaved and they had something to tell her when we saw her next. 

"Are you talking about Julia's attempts to make my slaves her bitches when they were over there?"

"Yes. Did Julia already tell you?"

"No. Rose held onto the secret for about two days before spilling the beans. I shall deal with all of them when I have them all together."

"I will stand behind any punishment you see fit to deliver."

"Thank you, Scott. I saw on the news what happened. We were all sorry to hear about the tragedy which befell your slaves. How are they doing?"

"Lisa's ribs were cracked and her nose broken. She's doing much better. Julia suffered a concussion and a broken cheek bone and she almost lost the baby. The baby was the largest concern, but mother and child are doing well."

"How about yourself?"

"I detest the person who did it and if I had a few minutes alone with him, I'd express the disgust I feel physically."

"Emotionally?"

"Three months ago, before Julia's slavery started, the rape would have been more devastating. Since I've shared both of them with other men, that part was less so than it might have been. I have very few grounds to be mortified they've been fucked by someone else. It doesn't mean I liked it, but it might have been worse if I hadn't already steeled myself to Julia being with others."

"I understand. Give them my best, Rose and Slut's as well. Tell them I'll have an appropriate punishment for them when we meet again. I want them to worry about it. The mind is such an effective tool for the administration of both pleasure and punishment."

I laughed. "Yes, it is. I'll let them know when I get home."

"Goodbye, Scott. A pleasure doing business once again."

"You too. Take care."

I arrived home to find my two slaves well on their way to having the house ready for poker. Janet was naked again, wearing nothing but a nervous smile. Her cunt juices glistened on her pussy lips. As far as I could tell, Janet was a fucking sex slave and I hoped Chen was willing to own one. 

Lisa and I showered and prepared for the evening's game, Lisa sucking my dick since she slept in this morning. We dressed after our shower and ate a light meal. Julia and Lucia prepared some additional snacks to take down to the basement for the evening. I knew Julia planned working with Janet tonight. I saw a couple root vegetables on the kitchen counter I didn't recognize. 

"What are these?" I asked.

"Ginger root, sir," Julia replied. "Janet will be partaking of a proper figging punishment this evening."

Janet blushed again, still not quite accustomed to being treated like the slave she apparently was. I couldn't remember the last time my own slaves blushed when told to do something. They greeted every order with an equanimity bordering on a request to stroll in a garden. 

"Speaking of punishment, I heard from Mistress Dark. She sold three more bed frames and two more bondage pieces."

"That's wonderful news, Master. We'll have more work to keep us busy."

"She also told me she learned from Rose what you attempted to do with her slaves. She says she shall punish all of you when we're together next, probably when she picks up her next order."

You could see the dismay upon Lisa's and Julia's face when they learned Mistress Dark knew. I'd been planning on telling her anyway, but now their fears were confirmed. "I told her I would support any punishment she chose to administer."

"Yes, Master," Julia sighed. "After the game tonight, bring Chen down to the basement, Master."

"Please, Mistress; must you?" Janet exclaimed. "I don't want him to see me behaving so lewdly." 

"It is time to start introducing men into your routines, slave, or you'll be good for nothing but fucking women. It's either that or my Master and he doesn't want to co-opt his friend."

"Yes, Mistress." 

Janet began shaking. I understood the reason. She hadn't yet determined in her own mind she was a true submissive and wanted to be sure before exposing Chen to that part of herself. There was no longer a question in my mind. She was sex slave material and Chen needed to understand what he was getting if he was still interested in Janet.

It was time she knew. "Display, slave," I ordered. "You are not to say a word until I give my permission."

Janet jumped into position as though she'd been born there and practiced all her life. Every detail was perfect. I walked around her, merely observing her for now, letting the tension build. I trailed a finger down her flank. She shivered. The same finger went up between the crease of her ass cheeks. She shook more, but didn't say a word. I stood behind her and ran a hand up her abdomen to her breasts, pinching her nipples. She gasped, but didn't say a word as I played with her breasts. I moved in front of her and ordered her to release my cock from my pants. She obeyed, pulling me out, half hard.

"Stroke me. Get me hard."

The second hand joined the first and she started tugging on my prick. It grew in her hands, thick and hard. I reached my own hand between her legs, wiping two fingers between her slit and showed her the slimy dew on my fingers. I pushed them into her mouth and made her suck them.

With her hands stroking my cock, I asked, "If I told you to suck my cock right now, would you?"

Her voice a whisper, so subdued I could barely hear her, "Yes, sir."

"Louder. Let everyone know what a slave slut you are."

"Yes, Master, I would." The whole room aware of her declaration.

"Release me," I said. Her hands came off me as though my cock was burning her hand. "Display."

"You wished to know if you were a submissive before telling Chen it was what you wanted. I tell you now, you are. If you weren't, you never would have obeyed me. You're the perfect sex slave. You're ripe for fucking. I can smell your cunt. If I bent you over the couch right now, I'd have no trouble fucking your slutty cunt. It's no longer a question of whether you're a submissive. Admit you are and let Chen get on with the process of dealing with who you are. It's time he realized what he's got on his hands. Pretending to explore further without admitting what you are is a wasteful sham. Julia can continue working with you to turn you into a perfectly performing slut who any man would love to have, but don't pretend anymore you don't know what you are."

She started to cry, but she remained in position. No one had released her yet. I tucked my cock back in my pants, though I wished now for a slave to fuck. There wasn't enough time and I wouldn't fuck Chen's girlfriend in any case.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"I know it might be a difficult thing to realize about yourself, but knowing isn't going to kill you and it's possible you'll enjoy the rest of your life more for knowing," Julia said. "Come with me. You too, Lucia. We need to prepare for the evening."

The three of them disappeared into the bedroom. Lisa and I finished preparations for the evening and waited for our guests to arrive. 

******

JULIA

Janet arrived at 7:45 AM and gave the all clear signal. We let her in and explained what everyone would be doing today. Janet removed all of her clothes without a word, didn't even bother bringing an apron or smock today, intending to work naked as we did. Lucia and I left at 8:15 to be at the clinic by nine.

Lucia was done with the last of her tests by noon. We went to a mall afterward for the crowds and the safety they provided, getting some dominoes from a game store and eating lunch at the food court. I showed her a picture of Jack from my phone from a time before Lisa's divorce so she knew what he looked like and didn't look ready to attack any man who approached our table too closely. It helped, but Lucia always remained alert. 

We went to the grocery store afterward for food and supplies for tonight. I also bought ginger root. Hard to have a figging without it. Lucia was unfamiliar with the practice just as I had been. Her Mistress, Brianna, never practiced figging, and none of those she had sex with played with it either. I was wondering about the practice as well, and thought I might have Lucia insert the root in my ass as well. Might as well. As her Mistress, I should know what I was putting her through.

Master was happy when we sent him the text we were home. He was worried about us being scattered. We worked hard all afternoon, nearly finishing by 4:30. We stopped then to prepare a light supper and snacks for the poker game. When Master got home, he took a shower with Lisa and got dressed. He came out to help with the preparations and saw the ginger, not recognizing it. I told him what it was for.

Janet blushed again when reminded of what was in store for her this evening. Apparently, Master had come to a realization of what Janet was before Janet did. She was a sex slave and he went about proving it. He made her display for him. He fondled her, made her release his cock and stroke him to hardness, all without a single word or protest or even without an order needing to be repeated twice. When she admitted she'd suck him to orgasm, Master told her she was a sex slave, and to accept what she was and move on. She started crying.

I put my arms around her shoulder. "I know it might be a difficult thing to realize about yourself, but knowing isn't going to kill you and it's possible you'll enjoy the rest of your life more for knowing," I said. "Come with me. You too, Lucia. We need to prepare for the evening." 

I led them both into the bathroom where Janet continued to cry. 

Lucia hugged Janet and kissed her. "Shh, shh, slave. Accept who you are. Be proud of who you are. You know several sex slaves now, from your Mistress to Lisa to your friend, Reneé. Are any of them unhappy with their role in life? Are they not content? I know I am happy with who I am. I'm not afraid of it. I'm a sex slave and happier for it. The words frighten you. They're just words and mean only what you want them to mean. You wish to serve a Master who will love and cherish you for who you are. Is that so wrong?"

"What if Chen doesn't want a sex slave?" Janet wept. "What if he wants a normal woman?"

"Then he wants a normal woman," I said, "and there's nothing anyone can do about it because that's not who you are. Perhaps you didn't know it before, but you know it now. Maybe, he accepts you for who you are, and maybe he doesn't. If you attempted to be normal for him, it would have ended badly anyway, because you want to serve. You demonstrate it every day. It was only a matter of time before you both knew. Better to know now before you become closer and the parting becomes harder if he doesn't want to Master you. If he doesn't, we'll find you another."

Reneé chose that moment to join us. She'd arrived and Master sent her back to join us. 

"Why is Janet crying? Did she receive a severe spanking?"

"No. Master just made her realize she's nothing more than a slave girl like the rest of us. She has to accept she is and quit trying to pretend she isn't."

Reneé put her arms around her. "There, there, Janet. Now you're just another sex slave. It's nothing to cry about. I'm happier than I've ever been. You'll be fine."

"What if Chen doesn't want a slave girl?" Jane sobbed, holding her friend.

"Then you can join Jerry and I and I shall have a girl to fuck again."

I kissed Janet. "Hush now. I don't want my slave blubbering for the rest of the night. It is what it is and there's no use crying about it."

Her crying slowed and eventually ended. As soon as she stopped crying, I showed all three of them how to give themselves enemas, demonstrating on myself first. One more item checked off on Janet's list. 

"Why are you showing me how to give myself an enema?" Lucia asked. 

"One of the things Janet wished to explore is anilingus," I said. "Since she's going to be licking our asses, I thought we'd present her with clean rectums." Lucia nodded. She understood the concept. "I'm showing you how to give yourself an enema, Janet, so that when you finally surrender your ass to Chen, you can present him with a clean one. After, you may wish to lick his cock clean. By cleansing yourself first, you won't be licking your shit off his dick."

"I'm not sure I could lick his cock after he fucked my ass, Mistress."

"Whether you do so or not will be up to you, slave, but you did say you'd like to try anilingus and I cannot for the life of me, see any difference between the two. In any case, it's easier to clean up afterward."

"And you've done this for your own Master?" She asked.

"After he's fucked me and fucked Lisa," I admitted.

Since they hadn't had enemas in perhaps forever. It took three times before the water ran clear for the three of them, whereas twice was sufficient for me. Everyone properly cleansed, I fitted Janet with the slave trainer. 

"You're going to become desperate to cum before the night is over, slave. This device is quite diabolical in training slaves. I tell you this now because you'll beg and plead to cum, but it's no use. I shan't let you cum until I'm quite ready."

"What are we doing tonight?" Reneé asked.

"We'll start with a bit of figging," I replied.

"What's figging." 

"You'll find out. Perhaps we'll all find out. I'm curious about it myself. Janet wanted to experience it. It's on her list of things to explore. I bought enough ginger root for all of us." I gathered everything else I needed from the bedroom, including ball gags for two, the other Slave Trainer, a charger, blindfold, The Enforcer and the whip. I pulled out three girls robes from the closet, and handed them out. "Put these on until we get into the basement. Then you may remove them. I'm sure the others have arrived and started playing poker. We're trying to get them to realize slaves are no longer available to be used by anyone."

They donned the robes, left, and made their way down to the basement. I put on one of Master's robes which was a tad too large, but at least I wasn't swimming in it. I made my way past the card table into the kitchen for the ginger root and a sharp knife. The players commiserated a little on the crime, asking how I was doing and if I needed anything. 

"No thank you," I replied. "I'm doing well as a whole. Disappointed they haven't caught Jack, which means we have to remain extra cautious, but doing fine, in large part."

"Who's the extra girl? I don't think we met her," Regina said.

"That's Lucia. She's here to go to the Fertility Clinic in town. Lady problems." No point in telling all her secrets. "She's also a trained self defense expert. She's helping protect us until Jack is caught."

"That itty bitty thing," Edward said. "What does she know about self defense."

"Enough to shoot your nuts off at thirty feet and kick them off at three," Master said. "I wouldn't take her on."

"Really? That good?"

"Detective Riley, in charge of our case, wanted to test her out and she disarmed him twice," I said. "After, he said he didn't need to send us home with a police escort. She was good enough all by herself. I need to go now. We're working on something down in the basement."

Chen looked at me with a question on his face. I winked at him and slightly nodded. He looked down at the cards in his hand nonchalantly, a slight smile on his face.

When I went into the basement, the begging started immediately.

"Please, Mistress, let me cum," Janet begged.

"I told you before begging would do you no good. If you beg or complain some more, it will be much longer before you cum. I don't want to listen to it. Kneel," I ordered.

She knelt down and I put a ball gag in her mouth, the blindfold over her eyes, and suspended her from our finished bed frame, so I didn't have to listen to her, nor would she know what I was doing.

I broke off a couple fingers of the ginger root. 

"Do you want to be figged?" I asked Reneé.

"I don't know. What's it do?"

"According to what I've read, it causes an intense burning sensation in your ass and/or cunt accompanied at some point by a desire to be fucked. It was used as a punishment for slaves as far back as the ancient Greeks."

"Let me see what it does to Janet first," Reneé replied.

Janet wasn't deaf. She squirmed hearing us discuss it. I was of a similar state of mind, but I was afraid if Janet reacted too bad, I wouldn't want to do it myself, yet I felt I should know what it was like if I was going to do it to someone else. 

I handed Lucia one of the knives. "I'm going to do it as well. We need to carve these these ginger root fingers into slim anal plugs with a knob at the end that will keep it from sliding all the way into the anus. When we're done with that, we'll carve slender tongues for our pussies with a little groove for the clit. From what I've read, you don't want any of the ginger juice to get into your eyes, so don't rub them once you start carving."

Lucia nodded and she and I proceeded to carve two anal plugs which would slide relatively easily into our bums. Then we carved two tongues of ginger root that would slide into our cunts with a wee piece which covered our clits. In short order, we had both pieces prepared for Janet and I. 

I removed the Slave Trainer and showed Lucia how to cut little vertical grooves in the root. "My understanding is the insertion of the ginger root is usually accompanied by caning or other punishment. It causes you to squeeze on the root and release more of the juice, increasing the pain. Reneé, you may spank Janet hard. Don't spare her. Lucia, I'd like you to use the paddle on me, a typical paddling. Don't spare me either. I want the full experience Janet will receive. Hang me by my wrists so my feet barely touch the ground and put the other ball gag in my mouth. If it hurts too badly, at least no one upstairs will hear me scream."

"Are you sure?" Lucia asked.

"I'm not letting anyone else do it unless I know what it feels like," I said. "It won't kill me. It's been done for centuries without permanent harm to anyone."

Without another word, the two women strung me up like Janet and the ball gag went in. With Reneé behind Janet and Lucia behind me, they inserted the root into our rectums, sliding past the muscular ring. Almost as quickly, the other piece went into our cunts and over our clits. I waited. Slowly, bit by bit, it seemed heat was building up in my bottom and my pussy. Then, it wasn't heat, it was burning. I squealed, muffled by the ball gag. So was Janet. 

Lucia began to spank my bottom with the paddle. Every time she struck me, my buns constricted. Each time they did, more juice was squeezed out and the burning increased. I'd attempt to relax my buttocks, I was struck once more and the process began again. I was dancing on my toes, it burned so badly, but then came the need. The ginger root in my cunt and on my clit; though it burned like the root in my posterior, still I wanted - no needed - something in my cunt post haste. It was like the only thing which would give me relief was for something to plug my cunt, fast. I wanted to tell Lucia to finger fuck me to exhaustion, but the ball gag prevented all but the most meaningless of noises. I tried spreading my legs, hoping they would recognize my need, but I was tied too high to do more than raise one leg at a time and to Lucia, it might have been nothing more than the fall of her paddle or the juices coursing through my private parts making me dance. 

Janet was doing the same; squealing behind her gag and jumping around with spread legs begging for someone to fill her. No words came, only the high pitched moans of someone desperate for relief. Finally, after more than twenty minutes, our bottoms red from our spankings, the ginger root juice burned itself out, and we finally came to rest, panting hard, drool running down our chins and chests. Still, I wanted to be fucked in the worst way, almost as bad as wearing the Slave Trainer for several hours. Lucia removed my ball gag.

The moment I could speak, I said. "Release us quickly."

We were both released and I grabbed Janet and finger fucked her hard as she fucked me, kissing and panting, our cunts throbbing with desire. I climaxed three times before I even thought of stopping. 

"Oh, fuck," I moaned, finally able to speak coherently.

"Was it bad, or was it good?" Reneé asked, intrigued by our actions.

"As bad as the worst spanking I've ever had," I mumbled, "and still I had to have something in my cunt immediately it ached so much." Hell, I still wanted something in my cunt, the bigger the better; Janet's fingers scarcely enough. "Do you want to try it?"

Lucia said no. Reneé hemmed and hawed a couple times before saying no herself. I suspected she might try it herself where she could remove the ginger if need be. I put the Slave Trainer back on Janet. She complained immediately, but I threatened her with the ball gag and another figging unless it stopped immediately. She zipped her lip. Good, it was time for her to lick ass. 

We started with Reneé, which I knew Reneé would appreciate. Reneé lay on a couch we had in the rumpus/pool room and pulled her legs back beside her ears, baring her crinkled star. I had Janet kneel with her head buried between Reneé's cheeks and start licking. 

"What a good little ass licker you are," Reneé moaned, embarrassing Janet no end. She blushed scarlet, but didn't stop.

"Push your tongue past her pucker," I ordered, "or you won't cum again tonight."

Hesitantly, Janet began pushing through Reneé's star, which really made Reneé squirm. 

"Put your fingers in her cunt and make her cum, slave." 

For the next ten minutes, Janet massaged Reneé's bunghole with her tongue and finger fucked her to two orgasms. Then it was Lucia's turn. She got on her knees, parting her ass cheeks with her hands. Janet dove right in. Apparently, it was the first time her bottom had ever been penetrated by a tongue and she loved it, cumming almost immediately.

"Deeper," I said. "I want your tongue so deep you could scoop a Master's cum from her bottom."

Janet strove to drive her tongue deeper yet and Lucia climaxed again. I let Janet lick her as long as she'd licked Reneé, Lucia orgasming twice more without any stimulation to her cunt. When Janet was done, I let her drink some water and rest her tongue. I told Lucia to put her robe on and go upstairs and get the dominoes. 

"Dominoes!" Reneé complained. "Why the hell would we want to play dominoes when we can have a slut lick our assholes?"

Janet blushed again. I was going to break her of that, though probably not today. Today, she was going to squirm for sure. 

"Don't worry," I explained, "there's a method to my madness." 

While Lucia was getting our purchase, I thought about whether I wanted to position myself like Reneé, or like Lucia. Both had their distinct advantages, but finally, I decided I wanted to watch Janet lick my asshole, especially if there was still ginger juice back there. I got into Reneé's position. With my legs drawn back, I parted my butt cheeks and ordered Janet to lick and suck me. Her tongue licked over the wrinkled surface a few times before her tongue pushed past my pucker and started twisting in my rectum. 

"See if you can suck any ginger juice from my ass, slave." 

I felt her tongue wriggle between my buttocks and a gentle sucking at my back door. Whether or not she actually found any juice or it had been absorbed by my body, I don't know but it felt superb. I climaxed, my cum trickling out of my pussy and dripping down between my cheeks for Janet to lick up. I gave myself no more time than I gave either of the others, but I orgasmed twice.

By then, I'm sure Janet needed to give her tongue a rest. It had been boring into three assholes for the last thirty minutes.

"Mistress, may I cum now?" Janet asked.

"Not yet," I replied. "Lucia is going to teach us to play dominoes. Like our former poker game, oral pleasure goes to the winner of each game. Janet to provide the orgasms to the players. Lucia, can you please explain how the game is played?"

Lucia showed us the rules of the game and the three of us were quickly playing one another. Each time one of us won, Janet would have to lick her to another orgasm while the other two set up the game again. Given Lucia's experience with the game, she won three times and Reneé and I only won once, though I did enjoy watching Janet lick cunt and I made sure she knew it, calling her a cunt licker each time. At some point, the Slave Trainer's battery died and we had to remove the dead one and put the freshly charged one in. Janet had to clean the old one which was thick with her lubrication. A couple times, we had the game set up quickly and I was able to spank her bottom as she licked the winner, and I made sure she kept licking despite the spanking she was receiving. 

Janet was getting desperate by this time. She hadn't cum in several hours and I know how bad it can be to be on the Slave Trainer for any extended period of time. Her cunt was liquid and squishing, with her fluids running down her legs. She begged to cum again, and again she was told she had to wait. I won another game and Janet was licking me to my orgasm when Master, Lisa and Chen came down. She heard Chen talking, grew embarrassed again to be licking cunt in front of him and tried to stop. I grabbed her head and held her face against my bare cunt, threatening her with the direst of punishments if she failed to complete her task. 

Blushing horribly the whole time, she licked me to a screaming orgasm, my pleasure enhanced by having her lick me in front of Chen. After I climaxed, I released her head and she knelt on the ground with the cum of six separate orgasms from three women smeared all over her face. I warned her of the penalties for wiping her face off.

"Chen," I said, "I must inform you that Janet is a natural sex slave. I know it might not be what you hoped for out of a relationship with her, but there's no doubt in my mind, nor do I believe there's any remaining doubt in hers, is there, slave?"

Janet whispered, "No, Mistress."

"Speak louder, slave. I'm not sure everyone heard you."

"No, Mistress. I'm a natural sex slave," blushing furiously, red as a beet.

"Do you want to cum, slave?"

"Please, Mistress," unable to remove the pleading from her voice.

"You may cum if you suck Master Chen's cock. Please ask him nicely."

She looked at him helplessly, despondent and hopeful at the same time. She lowered her head and asked, "Master Chen, may I please suck your cock, sir."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
He didn't say anything at first, looking to the rest of us for some clue as to what to do. As one, we were shaking our heads, urging him to say yes. Janet started to cry, low sobs as she waited for an answer.

"Yes, you may," Chen finally said. I vacated my place on the couch and invited him to sit down. 

"Please sit, Master Chen. I've been working on her cock sucking skills, but she still hasn't sucked a live one yet. Please tell me if her work is satisfactory of if she needs to work on them some more. Slave, remember everything I've taught you and don't disappoint me."

"No, Mistress."

It only took a few seconds and Janet's hands were unzipping his pants, removing his cock, already quite hard, and her mouth was dipping over the crown of his cock. I told the others they could leave the basement, but I was going to stay and ensure the slave took proper care of Chen's cock. The all went upstairs while I silently critiqued her skill level. As far as I could tell, she was doing even better than she'd done sucking the strap-on, but I wasn't on the receiving end of her attentions. I attributed it to her desire to become his slave and she wanted to show him what he'd be giving up if he refused her. 

Chen certainly seemed to be enjoying her skills. His hips were thrusting up and into her mouth. To the best of my knowledge, Chen hadn't had sex with anyone since the Memorial Day party, unless he was jacking himself. He hadn't dated anyone but Janet and she hadn't been ready for sex yet. She was ready for sex now as she desperately needed to cum. Poor Chen didn't have a chance. She drained his balls in five minutes.

"Again," I ordered, wanting to see more of her skills. 

Janet took her time on her second attempt. She already had a captive audience who'd proven he'd enjoyed her skills. She cleaned his cock and balls, gently sucking him into another erection. She took all of his cock into her mouth, her lips buried on the base of his shaft, her fingers fondling his sack. 

"Holy Mother of God," Chen choked out, his hips rising again, thrusting up into Janet's mouth, breathing hard. 

"Slow down, slave. There's no rush. You're seeking the Master's pleasure, not your own," I said, swatting her lovely ass. 

Janet slowed to a more leisurely pace, and while Chen still thrusted, it was a more relaxed state of excitement. In ten minutes, she completed the job a second time, swallowing every drop of his cum.

"Put away his cock now, slave. You may go upstairs and wait for me."

She licked him clean again, leaving his cock a lot smaller and glistening clean. She tucked him away and went upstairs.

"I'm sorry, Chen. I don't know what you were hoping for with Janet, but it became more apparent with each passing day that Janet was enjoying her servitude. It became obvious tonight she was a natural slave. I don't know if she's ready to submit fully to a Master yet as the rest of us do, but she's definitely a submissive who would enjoy having someone take charge of her."

"I was afraid she was," Chen said, panting, slowly coming off a two orgasm high. "I don't know what to do with a slave. I've never even considered having one before."

"I understand," I said, "though it should be said my Master never anticipated having one before either, let alone two. I will continue working with her. She's still rough. She's just come to the realization herself, so I'm not surprised. Master and I will help you come to terms with her submission if you wish. We could also direct you to Mistress Dark for training, but the last person who took her training had to be a slave for a day before learning the ropes as a Mistress. I'm keeping her here tonight. She'll go on your date tomorrow night as planned, though for now, I'm maintaining control of her sexuality. She can have no orgasms herself, but you may pursue her oral talents at will. Did Master talk to you about coming to LA this weekend?"

"He did." 

"While there, Janet can experience a couple other things she was curious to try out. I'm sure you'll enjoy yourself. There are many beautiful women to look at, even if they're mostly lesbians. Janet will be riding with you on the way there."

"Thanks, I think."

"I won't have control of her much longer, Master Chen. I'm exploring how deep her submissiveness goes."

We went upstairs and Janet said, "Mistress, you said I could cum if I sucked his cock."

"Indeed I did, slave. Chen would you like to stay and watch Janet be fisted?"

"Uh, no, I don't think so."

Janet looked worried as Chen took his leave. Did he not stay because he didn't want to see it, or didn't want to see it being done to her, or wanted nothing more to do with her? Despite her trepidation at his leaving, Janet was desperate to cum. The rest of them were curious, having never seen it be done before, even Reneé, who needed to get home to her Master. I removed the Slave Trainer and made Janet clean up after herself. If anything, it was messier than the first one she cleaned. She was well lubricated, which was good considering Lucia would be sticking her whole hand up Janet's cunt.

"Lucia, as you have the smallest hands, I'd like you to fist Janet. Have you seen it done before? If you haven't, I have a video you can watch first."

"No, I've seen it done," Lucia assured us. 

"On the floor and spread your legs, slave."

Janet lay down and spread her legs wide. Lucia got on her knees by Janet and pushed four fingers of her right hand together and started inserting them. Janet moaned and climaxed, kept on the edge of cumming all night. Janet's pussy eventually resisted the invasion and Lucia would slide her fingers out, push inward again, stretching the flesh, and repeat. Each time, she was lubing her fingers in Janet's sopping cunt and stretching it wider and wider. Finally, all four fingers were in up to the webbing of Lucia's thumb.

"Oh, fuck!" Janet moaned, orgasming a second time. "Do you have your whole hand in me yet?"

"Not the thumb," Lucia replied. 

Janet groaned louder. Lucia pulled back until she could squeeze her thumb against her palm, then pushed inward again. As small as Lucia's hand was, it still looked bigger around than Edward or Rob's cock. Maybe her wrist was slightly smaller, but pushing her palm through was really going to distend her poor cunt. Lucia pushed in close to widest point. Janet's hips were rocking, her legs were shaking, her whimpering a constant motor like hum. Lucia kept up the pressure and a fraction of an inch a time, her hand disappeared in the liquid tunnel. Lucia's hand went past the wide point and slipped in, Janet's cunt closing around Lucia's wrist.

"Jesus," Janet moaned, "I'm cumming again."

We could see Lucia curling her hand into a fist and pushing back and forth, a bump forming under her skin and moving back and forth. 

"It won't stop," Janet mewled. "I'm still cumming."

We watched, goggle eyed, as Lucia kept it up for several minutes, Janet groaning like the damned the whole time, her hips bucking up against the hand filling her. As far as anyone could tell, she never stopped cumming while Lucia's hand was in her. Finally, Lucia unclenched her hand and slid it out, soaking wet. Janet lay there, quivering, unable to stop as panting gasps escaped her lips. Lucia got a towel from the kitchen to wipe her hand.

"Damn!" Reneé said. "I need to get back to my Master, but tomorrow evening, if you want to do that to me, I'm game." 

"Me, too," Lisa said.

"Master, may I?" I asked.

"Not unless you talk to the doctor first."

I was taking Lucia in for her appointment tomorrow to see if Doctor Sturgis could help. I might know by tomorrow afternoon.

"As you wish, Master. Janet will spend the night, sir. She will repay Lucia for the excellent fisting she received, so both Lisa and I may spend the night with you. It may be our last time all together until after the weekend."

"Excellent. I need some relief after watching that."

"Lisa and I know exactly what to do, Master."

"I know you do."

******

SCOTT

If it wasn't so fucking late on a work night, I could have fucked my slaves all night long. Watching Lucia and Janet was awe inspiring. As it was, it was still one AM when I fell asleep. In the morning, both of them worked to suck me to completion, Julia winning her reward, then sharing it with Lisa. I warned them to be careful. I didn't want anyone in the house after Lucia left. Both of them promised to check in regularly so I knew they were fine. 

Reneé came over to start her first day of work before I left. I told Julia I'd have more supplies delivered on Monday. Eight more pieces to build at an average price of over 6,000 apiece. There was no doubt about their business being successful anymore. I'm glad they'd have five people working now. They might need to hire more once Lucia went home. This whole enterprise would work a lot better if we didn't have to worry about Jack anymore. We could use all the garage space.

Which brought up another issue. We needed to get rid of a lot of the stuff we'd kept for a garage sale. Every weekend seemed to have been taken up with other things, plus I wouldn't want to have one until a certain asshole was arrested. He was seriously mucking up every aspect of my life. Maybe I should just donate it to Goodwill to get it out of my garage and basement.

As expected, my slaves kept me well informed all morning long. At one point, Julia sent me emoji's of a fist, a thumb's down and a sad face. Apparently the doctor didn't want her engaged in fisting. Still, it stirred the memory of watching last night's visual treat and I got an uncomfortable hard-on to carry around for a quarter hour. 

At another point, Julia said, Cautious good news about Lucia. Doctor thinks she can help Lucia conceive, but complications. Will discuss when we see you tonight. Love.

I asked Jerry how his classes were coming along. He said classes were going good, but seriously fucking with his love life with Reneé. He was looking forward to the weekend. So was I. Damn, another hard-on. Fuck. You'd think as often as I was having sex, it would put a damper on the damn things, but no such luck.

I was ready to go home when the appointed time came along. On the way home, I spotted a white Toyota Corolla near our house. I remembered the description of the car which followed Lucia and Julia on Monday and slowed down. No one in the car, but I stopped and took a photo of the license plate anyway to send to Detective Riley. Due to the presence of the car, I was especially cautious when I went into the house, but no one jumped out of the bushes, nor interfered in any way as I made my way inside.

My slaves greeted me with their usual blow job, and I practically exploded into Lisa's mouth. She shared my cum with Julia. Janet was still there. 

"Doesn't Janet have a date with Chen tonight?" I asked.

"Yes, Master. She'll be leaving to get ready after you've put an anal plug in her. It's time to start preparing her for her first ass fucking."

Janet looked sheepishly down at the floor. "Please hurry, Master Scott. I need to leave."

Janet's face was covered in dried girl cum, cracked and peeling from her face.

"Have you been working on Janet's submissiveness today?"

Julia noticed the direction of my gaze. "No, Master. That cum is from Lucia last night. She wasn't allowed to clean it off all day."

"Where's the first plug?"

Lucia handed me the smallest of the plugs we owned and some lube. I had Janet bend over the back of the couch, her puckered opening staring at me like a cyclops eye over her damp cunt. She was as wet as my own slaves were. I spread the lube over and into her crinkled star before inserting the plug. Janet's butt cheeks clenched when she felt the glass tip on her bum hole.

"Relax, Janet. This one isn't much larger then the finger I was smearing the lube with. It will go in much easier if you relax."

I waited until her cheeks started to unclench before pushing against her muscular rim. It slid easily up her rectum. I patted her bottom.

"All done. You can stand up now."

Janet hesitantly stood, feeling the sensation of something inserted inside her. Julia was standing there with a Slave Trainer, with the other fully charged one in Lisa's hand. Julia put it on Janet, much to her dismay.

"You will wear one of the Slave Trainer's all date long," Julia explained as she tightened the straps. "My app will tell me when it dies and has to be replaced, and when the charged one is inserted. The app will tell me if you orgasm. You are not allowed to orgasm tonight. I explained the rules to Chen yesterday. He may use your mouth as often as you like, but you must do without an orgasm all night until after Chen leaves. At that point, you may contact me and I will allow you one orgasm. Failure to abide by the rules will result in a severe punishment. I may not allow you to cum for a week. Do you understand the rules as I've explained them, slave? Oh, and what time does your date with Chen start?"

"Yes, Mistress. Eight-thirty."

"I won't start the vibrations until eight-thirty. You may sleep without the Slave Trainer, but you will charge them so they will be ready for use tomorrow morning. You will put it in after you shower. I will turn it on again when you arrive for the trip to LA. You must be here and ready to go at seven. Only bring one set of traveling clothes. You will be naked the rest of the weekend. Is that understood?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"The plug in your ass will remain there constantly except when you need to use the toilet, at which point you will remove it, wash it thoroughly with soap and water, then reinsert it when you're done. Here is more lubricant, but if you're without lube for some reason, get it nice and wet in your slutty cunt before shoving it in your ass."

Janet blushed a deeper red. "Yes, Mistress."

"You may leave now. You can wash your face when you get home."

"Yes, Mistress."

Janet put on her clothes and left. The rest of us sat down for supper. I was feeding Lisa tonight. 

"I'm quite impressed with your handling of Janet," I said. "One would think you were born dominant instead of the beautiful slave slut you are."

Julia glowed from my praise. "Thank you, sir. I owe it all to my Master. You were a superb teacher."

"So what was the result of the doctor visit today? You said we needed to discuss it."

"As expected, Lucia's rape and subsequent infections left her uterine wall quite scarred. The doctor said it would be difficult for her to conceive naturally, but she does have some sections of the uterus which are not as scarred as other sections. The doctor believes she can insert a fertilized egg on a smoother section of the wall, where it will attach itself and develop normally. She said Lucia would need to stay here locally so the doctor can monitor the baby's progress through the first three months to ensure development proceeds normally. After which, Lucia can go home for the duration of the pregnancy with the name of a doctor in LA who will monitor her progress the balance of the pregnancy. It's possible the first attempt won't catch and Lucia may need to do it a few times before she's pregnant, so Lucia may be here for awhile."

"That's no problem," I said. "Lucia is a lovely guest and you can certainly use the extra help with your business until the others get up to full speed. We'll make sure she gets regular visits home to be with her Mistress."

"Thank you, sir," Lucia said, shyly, "but I have another favor to ask."

"Anything for you, Lucia, for protecting my girls."

"Doctor Sturgis would like to work with fresh sperm, not frozen. Sam is willing to come and provide it, but I would be honored if you could donate your sperm, sir."

I looked at my slaves. "Is this okay with you?"

"Yes, Master," both said at once. Julia continued. "I wish Lucia could conceive naturally, Master, and you could give her a child the old fashioned way instead of cumming in a cup, but we have no issues with you being the father. It might even give us more reasons to visit LA."

"Does Mistress Brianna have any objection to my providing the sperm?"

"No, sir," Lucia replied. "She doesn't mind expanding the gene pool."

I smiled at them. What marvelous women they were. "I would be happy to cum in a cup for you, Lucia."

"Thank you, sir. I am honored and greatly appreciate your donation."

"The better news might be that if Lucia does get pregnant, the resulting child may stretch her uterus, breaking up some of the scar tissue and allow it to heal more naturally, which means she could become pregnant naturally second and subsequent occasions, Master," Julia said.

"That would be good news," I replied.

"I'm hopeful, Master," Lucia said.

"This calls for a celebration. Should I crack a bottle of wine?"

"Please do, sir," Julia said. "Everyone should have some to drink except me."

"I wish we could go outside," I said. "I hate we're not able to do the things we normally can."

"We can go outside, sir," Lucia said, "but we need to be more on guard. I wouldn't drink if we went outside to keep you safe."

"You're the one who should be celebrating the most. We'll stay inside. Which reminds me. There was a white Toyota Corolla outside with no one in it. I took a picture of the license plate to send to the detective."

"Let me see it, sir," Lucia said.

I showed her the picture. She inspected it closely.

"It looks an awful lot like the one which followed us, but I know there are probably hundreds in Fresno." 

"Detective Riley can look it up." I sent him the photo.

"Master, Lucia showed me how to play dominoes last night. I think we ought to play while we drink. Perhaps we can have a contest."

"What kind of contest?" I asked. 

"Perhaps the loser of each game has to give the winner an orgasm," Julia said.

"That hardly sounds fair to Lucia. She doesn't normally suck cocks," I answered.

"If you think I'm going to lose very often, Master Scott. You are quite mistaken," Lucia laughed, "and in the unlikely event that it's you I end up giving an orgasm to, I know how to properly suck a cock without getting the willies about it. I think it far more likely you end up licking me to orgasm than the other way around. Having a man dining on my pussy doesn't bother me in the slightest."

"I smell a challenge," Lisa said.

"I do too," Julia added. "I'll get the dominoes while you open the wine, Master. Good thing I'm not drinking. I may get the most orgasms of all."

"Fat chance," Lucia said. "Drinking or not, I'll have most of them."

"Another challenge," I said, getting the wine and three glasses. 

I fancied myself a good games player. I was competitive in most things I did and tonight was no exception. I didn't plan on going down without a fight. From the way she'd quickly learned euchre and did well at it, I expected Lucia was much the same way. We were all competitive. Julia didn't play poker because she didn't like losing money, but she played all the other games we played well. 

Julia returned from the basement. "Here's my challenge to Lucia. Over the course of the evening, she must drink an equal part of two bottles of wine. If she has more orgasms than I do, I will spend the night with her even though it is Lisa's turn and I shall do anything she wants. Anything. If I have more orgasms, she will spend the night with my Master and let him fuck her cunt twice cumming each time. She must suck him back to hardness for the second time. Lisa and I get to watch him do it."

Lucia said, "Done."

"Wait a minute. Don't I get any say in this?" I asked.

"Don't you want to fuck Lucia, Master?"

"I'd love to fuck Lucia. I just don't want to traumatize her. She's our friend."

"You won't traumatize me, Master Scott. I promise," Lucia said. "I'm past being traumatized by a single cock, lovingly administered."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
"I'll agree as long as you promise to say something if you are. I'm serious."

"I promise, sir."

"Are you on birth control," I asked.

"I'm trying to get pregnant, sir. I'm fucking mostly women with Sam thrown in a few times a month to plant a baby in me. What do you think?" 

"Fair point. Okay, you can use me in your challenge, but I'm not going to play all night so you two can settle it. We play until 10:30. Whoever leads at 10:30 wins. Agreed?" 

"Agreed, sir." Both of them settling on the terms.

Lisa asked, "And what do I get out of this?"

"If I lose," Julia said. "You get Master to yourself for the night, so that's a win for you. If I win, you get to watch Master fuck Lucia and I'll do to you, whatever Lucia does to him."

"I accept those terms as well," Lisa said. "Sounds fun."

"Four practice games that don't count, because Lisa and I haven't played before."

"Pour the wine, and let's play," Julia said.

I poured the wine for three and the three drinkers took a sip. Julia and Lucia explained the game to us and we played four practice games. I quickly saw the strategy was to get rid of the highest scoring dominoes you had as even if you lost, you wouldn't have the worst score and lose, so people attempted to dump their dominoes with five or six spots as quickly as they could. If you ended up having to draw, drawing higher spots later in the game generally hurt more, as opportunities to play them were reduced as people were playing lower numbered dominoes by then. During the practice games, Lucia won two, Julia won one and I won one. If they had counted, I would have licked Lucia once, Lisa would have licked Lucia and Julia once each, and Julia would have sucked me off. Lucia would have gotten off without having to lick anyone. She would have won the challenge based on the four practice games, getting two orgasms to Lisa's one. We were finished with our first glass of wine by the end of the practice. 

The games that counted started and Lisa won her first game right off the bat. I had to lick her to orgasm. I nuzzled her nookie until she climaxed, then the next game started. The second game, Lucia won and I lost again.

"Come to Mama," Lucia said, spreading her legs. 

This was not a good omen to me, losing the first two games. I'd never been with Lucia before and tried hard to give her a good quick orgasm. She moaned quite nicely for me, so interpreted it as a good sign. She tasted spicier than Lisa did and I wondered if the foods we ate affected our taste to others. 

Julia won the next game and Lucia had to lick her, having an incredibly bad run of draws towards the end with lots of higher count dominoes.

"Mmm," Julia moaned. "You lick cunt beautifully, slave." She held Lucia's head and ground her hips against her lips.

Lisa lost the next two, Julia and Lucia each winning one. Tied.

Lucia won the next game and Julia lost and tit for tat, Lucia was quite aggressive in extracting her orgasm from Julia, grinding her hips against her while holding her hair tightly in her grip. Neither one of them had treated Lisa quite so aggressively. Three to two, Lucia.

I finally won my first game and Julia lost again. I was quite excited by the game play thus far and climaxed quickly. After I did, I opened the second bottle of wine. 

Lisa won the next game, Lucia losing. Lisa was more passive in letting Lucia give her pleasure. Julia won the next game, and I lost again, so now they were tied and I'd tasted all three of the women. My face was fairly covered with their cum as I hadn't bother wiping my face each time I'd lost.

I finally won again and Lucia lost. The first time she would be sucking my cock and I wondered how skilled she could really be. She wasn't quite as good as either Lisa or Julia, but she was better than I had any reason to expect given her sexual preferences. She didn't get their amount of practice, but she could take all of my cock and that was something.

It still took me ten minutes to cum, since I'd cum twice already tonight, but Lucia swallowed every drop when I did. She got off the floor, wiping a bit of drool off her chin.

"I'd like to propose a slight change to the rules," Lucia said. "That Master Scott not be licked to orgasm each time he wins, but only for five minutes, which is about what it takes for each of us to cum."

"Why?" Lisa asked.

"It's going to take increasingly long for him to cum each time and if I should lose, he might not have enough spunk left to fuck me twice."

"Master," Julia asked, "would this meet with your approval."

"I have no objection. She's right."

"Done," Julia said.

I poured the last of the wine from the second bottle. Lucia had been drinking as much as the rest of us, so she was staying within the rules of the challenge. It was ten, so only thirty minutes left. I won the next game, Lisa losing so she sucked my cock for five minutes. Damn she almost made me cum again. Still, I was left with a hard cock and aching balls. Julia won the next game and I lost, so I licked my wife to another orgasm and she was ahead by a cum. Lisa won the next game, Julia losing so she gifted her sister slave with another orgasm. 

Thank the heavens, I won the next game, Lucia losing. She finished off what Lisa started and I sent another slug of cum into her throat. We only had time for one more game when she was done and Julia was leading by an orgasm. The play of the last game was spirited, everyone playing hard. Both Julia and Lucia had one domino left before anyone else and it would depend on chance. If Julia won, she had it. If Lucia won, it would end tied. No one had discussed what would happen if it ended tied. I had to admit it would be nice to slip my cock into some strange cunt, so I was kind of rooting for Julia, as long as it didn't bother Lucia.

Lucia won and my watch went off. Shit!

"You have to fuck my Master," Julia said. 

"We're tied;" Lucia said, "why do I have to fuck Master Scott?"

"The challenge was for the most orgasms. You won as many games, true, but you didn't have time to receive your orgasm. I had one more than you, you lose. You fuck my Master."

"That seems a little petty, slave," I said.

"That was the challenge, sir, though I'm willing to abide by whatever your ruling would be, Master."

"Well, Lucia, the challenge was for orgasms. Julia is right about that, but it still seems to be petty to me as you would have had an additional orgasm if we didn't have a hard time limit. I guess I would tend to rule it's more a tie than a hard win by Julia, though with a slight lean towards Julia because she did have an extra orgasm, but you didn't discuss what to do in the event of a tie."

"I have a suggestion, Master," Lisa said. "Since it's a tie with a lean towards Julia, Lucia has to fuck Master, but only once. And, Julia has to do anything Lucia wants, once. And I suggest we do it all in our bed."

"Would that be acceptable to both of you?" I asked.

"It would be acceptable to me, Master Scott," Lucia said.

"I would agree to the compromise, Master," Julia said.

"It's going to be crowded in our bed," I pointed out.

"The more, the merrier," Lisa said. 

This would be the first time I'd ever been with three women at once. I could picture what I wanted in my mind. Lucia and Lisa in a sixty-nine, with me fucking Lucia and Julia lying with her pussy in front of Lucia so she could switch from Lisa to Julia by slightly moving her mouth. My cock was hard already and I'd just cum in the last thirty minutes. We left the game where it was and went for a quick shower, Julia joining me. 

"Why did you choose something for me if you won the challenge instead of something for yourself?"

"You're the most important person in the world to me, Master, and it would be nice if you could give Lucia a child."

"I am cumming in a cup for her," I said. 

"She's at the tail end of her fertility cycle Master. The doctor wants to do the egg implantation at the beginning of the cycle. She's going to have to wait a month for that, but you can still help her catch at the tail end of this one."

"I thought she couldn't conceive naturally?" I asked.

"It would be extremely difficult, but not impossible, sir. The fertilized egg just needs to find a smooth part of the wall to attach to. In fact, if you fucked her twice tonight, it would be good."

"Would she agree?"

"We can ask her, sir."

"I don't know if I can get it up for a sixth time."

Julia stroked my hard cock. "Three naked women and two of them eager to get you hard again. I have every confidence you can do it, Master."

I kissed her. "You're amazing, slave."

"Thank you, sir. I think I make a very good slave."

"A beautiful slave." I kissed her again.

We finished up and Lisa and Lucia took the shower. Julia did just enough to keep me hard until they quit the shower.

Lucia came in and knelt on the floor by the bed. "How do you desire to fuck, Master Scott."

"Julia told me you're at the tail end of your fertile period and could conceivably, though not likely, get pregnant. She was hoping I could give you the child you're wishing for, naturally. If you have no objection, I'd like to try, as often as I can get it up."

She looked up at me. "You would give me a child naturally?"

"For what you've done for us, I would certainly like to try. It's not as if you're not a beautiful slave. If my slaves want me to do this for you, I'm willing. Sam said that he usually provides female company when he tries to impregnate the women. If you'd like to join Lisa in a sixty-nine, you on top, we can begin."

"Where do you want me, Master," Julia said.

"I want you to get your cunt as close to Lisa's as you can. Lucia can then lick whichever one she chooses to while I'm fucking her."

The women formed themselves in the arrangement. Lisa lying down, Julia so close they were practically tribbing, and Lucia on top of Lisa, able to lick either of them as she chose. I let them play for awhile, Lucia cumming first as she was receiving all of Lisa's attention. When her first orgasm was over, I slowly slid into her moist cavern. She stirred uneasily.

"Are you okay?" I asked. "Do you want me to stop?"

"No, Master Scott. I'm fine. Just getting use to to feeling of you inside me. I'm not often penetrated. It feels good. Don't stop."

She said lovingly administered, so tenderly and gently I went. She felt good, very tight, small in stature and not much vaginally used. I'd cum several times tonight, so I had a lot of stamina this time around. She was cumming frequently, so I quit worrying about whether or not she was enjoying it. 

After about ten minutes, she said, "Go faster, Master. Fuck me faster." 

I sped up, the new tempo more conducive to my cumming. A half dozen minutes later, I groaned, "Here it comes. I'm cumming." I could feel her cumming again at the same time, Lisa sucking on her clit. 

"Help us, Master," Julia said, scrambling to stand on the bed. "Help us hold Lucia upside down."

"What?"

"We know you insert your seed pretty far up, sir, but we want as much cum as possible to stay in her and go to her uterus. We don't want any leaking out."

Lisa was standing up as well, and between the three of us, we grabbed Lucia's ankles and held her upside down for a couple minutes.

I shook my head. "Does this work?" I asked.

"It can't hurt, sir," Lisa replied.

"Did anyone tell you to do this?"

"No, but it makes sense doesn't it? We have to clean up after each other because the cum leaks out. It's hard for anything to leak out while she's upside down," Julia replied.

"How are you doing, Lucia?" I asked.

She laughed. "It's funny, but fun. Give it another minute and you can lower me down."

We held her up for the appropriate time, then lowered her gently to the bed.

"Fuck her again, Master," Julia said, just before latching onto my cock to suck me to hardness.

"Yes, Master," Lisa said, "fuck her some more." Crawling between my legs and suckling my dangling ball sack.

Between the two of them, they got me hard again in a few minutes. This time, they lay next to each other in front of Lucia's face as she knelt on the bed and I fucked her doggy style from behind. It took me longer to cum this time and I don't know how much I was really helping get her pregnant, but it sure felt good. After I climaxed, we scrambled again to hold Lucia upside down, letting the cum drain down into her womb. 

They wanted me to fuck Lucia one more time, but I said they'd drained me pretty good and I wasn't sure how much sperm I would actually provide if we tried it again. 

"You're right, Master," Julia said. "Set your alarm early enough to fuck her tomorrow morning before we get up. Give her a full nights load of wrigglers."

"Would you mind if we girls played awhile, sir," Lisa said.

"Go to Lucia's room if you want to play, but lights out by 1:30, and someone clean me up before you go."

"It's my job this time," Lisa said. "Go on you two, I'll join you shortly."

Julia and Lucia left and Lisa sucked my cock until it glistened with nothing but saliva. She kissed me before she left and I could taste Lucia and myself on her tongue. She turned out the lights and I went to sleep.

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 34|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-34|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<i>Our polyamorous group brings the finished bed frames to LA, become entangled in various and sundry activities at Brianna's estate. Once again, I make reference to police procedure which is not necessarily proper procedure. This chapter contains oral sex, lesbian sex, sexual intercourse, figging, nyotaimori, and a slave sale. No STD's inhabit this fantasy world.</i>

<b>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 34 - Weekend at Brianna's, Pt 1</b>

JULIA

After we retired to her bedroom, for her part of the tie, Lucia wanted me to rim her asshole. She'd enjoyed having it done by Janet yesterday. As she hadn't cleansed herself, she told me I didn't have to penetrate her. Lisa joined me by licking her cunt and we gave Lucia several good orgasms before we stopped, the result of a text from Janet. She said Chen had left and begged for an orgasm. I gave her one before telling her to remove and clean her Slave Trainers and charge them for the trip tomorrow. I told her we'd make her breakfast, so they didn't need to stop before coming over. 

We then all got in a daisy chain and licked each other to completion several times. At 1:30, we stopped as Master ordered, but Lisa and I didn't want to sleep without him and since Lucia needed to be fucked again first thing, she crept into our bedroom with us and all three of us climbed into bed. We tried not to disturb him, but he did wake briefly as he felt the mattress move under our weight. I snuggled into his arms, Lisa wrapped herself around him, with Lucia behind her. We fell asleep quickly as we were all sated and tired. 

Shortly before Master's alarm went off, we got Lucia to start sucking his cock. He was fully hard before he was fully awake. He laid on his back while Lucia rode him, hard. I sat on Master's face while kissing Lucia and playing with her breasts. Lisa got up, showered and started on breakfast. She made enough for six people. It took only ten minutes before Master was groaning and sending a flood of his seed into Lucia. With only two of us to hold her upside down, we couldn't hold her as long. She laughed and giggled as we held her, so Master even shook her a couple times, as if that would do more.

We showered afterward, no playing around. Master chose tops for Lisa and I which were translucent enough to show the outlines of our breasts and areolae. Master asked Lucia if she wanted to stay in LA until her next fertile period.

"I don't want to leave while Jack is still loose and leave your slaves undefended, Master Scott. Plus, until the other girls are fully trained to work on the furniture, I feel like I can do you some good. As long as you're willing to share your slaves with me and get me back to see my Mistress on occasion, I'd like to stay."

Master hugged and kissed her. "Thank you, Lucia. It means a great deal to me." 

I did the same. It meant as much or more to me. Lucia did get some clothes together to bring back for washing and return. As long as she remained here, she wouldn't require much in the way of clothing as long as she didn't have to leave the house. I gathered everything I would need for the trip to dominate Janet. The remaining butt plugs, the paddle and whips, nipple clamps, blindfold and ball gags. 

Chen and Janet arrived precisely at seven, and they were invited in to eat. Of course, Janet was made to strip off her clothes when she entered. She looked down, blushing, then looking at Chen as she removed her clothes. He watched her closely, which made her blush even more. He didn't say anything in response. She was wearing her Slave Trainer, and had her butt plug inserted in her anus, but I didn't turn it on yet.

We had bacon, fried potatoes, scrambled eggs with cheese, chives and sesame seeds. Master fed Lisa since she hadn't been able to cum yet, and he played with her, allowing her to cum twice as she ate. Janet blushed more as Lisa climaxed than Lisa did as she was made to cum in front of all of us. I didn't feed Janet, letting her squirm in her nudity as she sat next to Chen watching Lisa orgasm. I did have some questions for her though, something to arouse and humiliate her.

"How many times did you suck Chen off last night, Janet?"

She looked down at the floor, flame red. "Three times, Mistress," she whispered.

"Speak up, slave. Not everyone could hear you."

"Three times, Mistress," she said louder.

"Three times, what?"

"I sucked Chen off three times, Mistress." She couldn't lift her face from staring at the floor.

"Did you enjoy the taste of his cum, slave?"

She sank lower in her chair, wishing she could disappear from sight. No chance that was going to happen. "Yes, Mistress, I did."

"Chen, do you think you can keep your car on the road if Janet sucks you off?"

"Reasonably certain." He smiled. There was a lot to like about this slave business if he let it.

"Did you hear that, Janet. You can suck Chen's cock on the way to LA. I'll text you when you can. If he has trouble steering, you can stop, but otherwise, you can enjoy the taste of his cum again."

"Yes, Mistress." She glanced shyly at Chen.

"Of course, your Slave Trainer will be on all the way to LA and you'll keep the spare handy in case the batteries run low. I will discuss with Chen how well you did when we get to LA and perhaps you can be rewarded for your efforts. I've got a car charger I'll be giving you so you can keep them charged as you'll be wearing one until supper."

"Mistress!" She whined.

"Or would you rather not cum at all."

She shut up. Nobody liked the Slave Trainers, myself included. Master was paying attention. Perhaps I should be careful talking about one now or I might end of wearing one again.

After eating, Chen and Janet helped carry the bed frame parts upstairs and load the truck. Lucia stood guard at the door, Master's gun behind her back. Janet was allowed to dress for that, we were getting ready to go. I made her unbutton the top three buttons of her blouse so her breasts would be visible if she leaned over. We put Lucia's things in the back of Chen's car. He was going to follow us to Brianna's. 

The truck loaded, we hit the road. I was in the front with Master; Lisa and Lucia were in the back seat. I waited until we were out of the city and on the highway before I sent Janet her first text.

Unbutton your blouse to the last button. You can leave that one buttoned. Do it now or you won't be allowed to cum this weekend. Tell me when you're done.

I wondered how long it would take her to do what I asked. She might be reconsidering whether she wanted to be a sex slave, but it was too late. She already was one, and I knew she wanted to remain one. It was five minutes before my phone dinged.

It's done, Mistress.

Put Chen's hand on your breast and let him feel you up for five minutes. Let me know when his five minutes are up.

Six minutes went by.

His five minutes are up. Please let me cum, Mistress.

Don't ask again. Tell him to pull alongside a big truck. When he does, you can start sucking his cock. It better happen soon. I'm watching.

"Tell me when Chen is alongside a big truck and watch to see if Janet starts sucking his cock."

Both Lisa and Lucia looked out the back window. Even Master started paying attention to his rear view mirror more frequently than usual. We passed a big semi in the right lane and when Chen passed, he slowed down to pace it. What a good boy he was. I shall have to see he's properly rewarded for his acumen.

Lisa said, "Her head has disappeared into Chen's lap. It's bobbing up and down. She's sucking him off."

Suddenly, the semi driver blew a quick double blast on his air horn, followed by a third, longer one. 

"You should see the semi-driver," Lisa said. "He noticed the blow job next to his truck and he's got the biggest fucking grin on his face. He keeps glancing over to see how much more he'll get to see."

The Slave Trainer app on my phone gave me an alert. Janet had just climaxed. 

"The little slut orgasmed because she was observed giving Chen a blow job, unless she was rubbing her pussy when she came."

I sent a quick text. Were you rubbing yourself when you climaxed?

No answer. "What is she doing?"

"She's still sucking Chen off," Lisa said. "Wait! He might have cum. She's sitting up again and appears to be wiping her mouth off." Lisa was laughing, Lucia laughing as well.

"Master Scott," Lucia said, a sudden note of warning in her voice, "I think the white Toyota Corolla is following us again. Speed up for awhile. I want to see if he matches speed with us." 

Two minutes went by while Master drove 15 MPH over the limit. Chen was falling behind, not wanting to go that fast.

"It's staying with us, Master," Lucia said. "Pull over into the right lane, slow down and pull over to the side of the road. I want to see what it does."

"Julia, send a text to Janet telling them to keep going. We're going to pull of the road for a couple minutes to see if we're being followed."

I sent the text. When I got Janet's answer saying they would keep going, Master pulled over into the right lane and started slowing, pulling off the road onto the verge when he was slow enough. The semi driver who'd been watching Janet's blow job blew past us. About a quarter mile behind us, a white car had pulled onto the shoulder as well and was sitting there, idling.

"It certainly looks as if it's following us, sir. My recommendation is for you to continue driving and notify Marcia right away. She'll know what to do."

"What I want to do is back up to that asshole and plug him full of holes," Master said.

"That makes you the aggressor, sir. It's hard to claim self defense if you do, and we don't even know if it's Jack."

"Julia call Marcia and ask her what she wants us to do." He started to pull forward, accelerating as he reached pavement. The white car kept pace. "And send Janet and Chen a text with Brianna's address and tell them to keep going. They're not being followed."

"Yes, Master." 

I sent the text to Janet first with the address, telling them to continue on, then dialed Marcia's number.

"Julia, so nice to hear from you. Everyone here is really looking forward to this evenings activities."

"Marcia, we have a problem. There seems to be a white Toyota Corolla following us; one that followed us to the Fertility Clinic on Monday. It sped up when we sped up and slowed and stopped when we did, then started again when we did."

Her whole tone of voice immediately changed. "Does it seem to be trying to get closer, to run you off the road or anything similar?"

"No, it seems to be staying behind us about a quarter mile or so."

"Where are you?"

"We just passed the Tulare exit and it's about 35 miles south to Delano."

"I think we should be able to arrange a nasty surprise for him if he tries crossing into Los Angeles County. Let me get on the horn with my boss and explain the situation. I'll call you back when I know what's being set up. I want you to text me if it's still following you once you go through Bakersfield, or if he's making any more aggressive moves than what he's showing now. Lucia knows what to do if he gets close. You're driving the truck, right?"

"Yes."

"Hard to run you off the road in that truck with a Corolla. Tell Lucia to keep the gun in hand and watch out. He may just be a spotter for another vehicle, so don't drop your guard even if you lose track of him, okay?"

I looked back at Lucia and she already had the gun out between her legs.

"She already has it out. The other couple joining us were following us, but we sent them on ahead without us. They'll arrive there before we do."

"Good girl. We'll let them through the gate. What are their names and what are they driving?"

"Chen Wang and Janet Howard. He's driving a red Nissan Altima."

Tell everyone else what I said." She hung up.

I told everyone else what Marcia said. "She especially wants us to keep an eye out for any other suspicious vehicles. She said this one may be just a spotter and there may be others."

"Lisa," Lucia said, "I want you to have your phone out and ready to dial 911 with a touch of a button. I'll keep an eye on the Corolla and anything else behind us. Master Scott, you keep an eye to the left and front of the truck, Julia the right and front. You see anything that looks off, tell Lisa to make the call."

"What kind of things?" I asked.

"Sudden slowing ahead of us for no reason. Swerving into our lane. The best way to spin us out is to hit the rear quarter panel of the truck, Master Scott, so keep two hands on the wheel, firm grip. It will be hard to nudge the truck with a Corolla, but they may have a larger vehicle. Keep an eye out for anything larger that looks like they want to hit our back end. Watch for anybody who slows to match our speed, rolls their windows down, sticks anything out of one, let me know. I'll make them regret it."

My heart was pounding a mile a minute, but Lucia seemed so calm, almost as if this was a rehearsal for something which happened a hundred times before. Master had a grim look on his face. He looked like he wanted to bite someone's head off. Lisa had her phone out, her finger poised over the Emergency button. She looked as nervous as I felt. Master handed me his phone and told me to turn it off, so I could connect mine to the truck's bluetooth. When Marcia called me again, we could all hear her instructions. 

The Corolla kept pace with us, never speeding up, never slowing down. It followed us through Bakersfield and I texted Marcia it was still with us. She called about ten minutes later.

"Here's what's going to happen. Deputies want to make the stop before you reach some real populated areas, so about ten miles south of State Road 138, you should pass three or four squad cars sitting on the side of the road. Keep going. They'll pull out and start following any white Toyota Corolla's up to a mile behind you. You'll pass by another couple squads with their flashing lights on. As soon as you pass, they'll form a road block behind you and squeeze any white Corollas between them. We'll see what's what."

"I took a photo of the tag of a white Corolla parked outside our house last night," Master said. "No one was inside. I sent the tag photo to Detective Riley, but he hasn't gotten back with us yet. He might not be working this weekend."

"Do you still have the tag photo?" Marcia asked.

"I do."

"Send it to me after we hang up. It might help separate them if more than one is caught in our trap. You just keep driving to Brianna's. Don't stop. They'll phone me once they have someone in custody." Marcia closed the connection.

I texted the photo to Marcia. God, please let it be Jack so we could get the asshole off our back and out of our heads.

Just like Marcia said, three squad cars were sitting beside the road, apparently doing nothing. One pulled out behind the Corolla that seemed to be following us. There was apparently another one back there, as another police car pulled out almost a mile back. We passed two other cars with flashing lights and as soon as we went by, they pulled out in the highway, blocking traffic, only letting cars through one at a time, like a sobriety check point. We slowed to watch as long as we could. Mostly they waved everyone slowly through, but our tail got pulled over, and so did another Corolla. Master sped up again.

"Keep an eye out for any cars following us off the highway onto Mistress's road, sir," Lucia said. "I'll watch as well. It would be extremely unlikely for anyone else to follow us all the way after we leave the freeway."

"You got it," Master said.

Everyone started watching when we left the freeway. Maybe a dozen got off at the same time on Van Nuys Boulevard, three of those got onto Ventura Highway behind us, but none of them followed us off Ventura. I gave a sigh of relief. I hoped the nightmare was over.

We got to Brianna's and the gates were closed. When they saw who it was, the gates were opened, closing again behind us. We pulled in and several people were waiting for us, including Dawn, Zoe, Brianna, Sam and Marcia, and Chen and Janet. Only Dawn and Zoe were naked. Janet was still wearing her clothing; something she would have to pay for. Once again Jack had fucked us over. I'd had a lot more planned for Janet on the trip than one stupid blow job. Not to mention I'd wanted to suck Master's cock on the drive here. They all greeted us warmly. 

When I got to Janet, she hugged me and said, "I was so worried for you, Mistress. I'm so glad you're all right."

"Too worried to strip apparently, like a good slave should when they're in a safe place. Get naked."

Janet blushed again, amongst all these strangers, and removed her blouse and skirt, standing with her hands over the Slave Trainer in her sex after handing her clothes to Chen.

"Display," I ordered. "Slaves don't get to cover themselves."

She snapped into position, blushing furiously. I put my hand on the Trainer and it was dead, battery exhausted and not replaced. I could see trails of her womanly fluids on her legs, but all dried, none of it fresh.

"You haven't replaced your Slave Trainer either, despite my orders." I sat down on a convenient, low planter wall and patted my legs. "Over my knees."

"Mistress, I was worried for you," she said.

"That's no excuse not to follow instructions. Obey me now."

Janet looked desperately at the others, seeing nothing but indifferent faces. Even Chen, who had a smile on his face, said nothing. She was hoping for sympathy from the wrong crowd. They were used to the punishment of slaves. She lowered herself over my knees. 

"Ten for not stripping immediately upon your arrival. Ten for not replacing your Slave Trainer when it died," I said. "Keep count."

I laid them on heavy since it was only twenty and I was using my hand. From the second one until the last, Janet sobbed quietly, though she kept count as instructed. There was fresh fluids running down her leg when I was done. I rested my hand on her red buttocks; red not from her shame, but from her spanking.

"Now remove your dead Slave Trainer, lick it clean, and put in your new one."

"Yes, Mistress," she whimpered. She stood up, removed the old one, licked it clean. Got the charged one from Chen's car and put it on. I turned it on. It might be midnight before she was allowed to cum.

Master sat down beside me, put his arm around me and kissed me. 

"Very good, my full time slave and only part time Mistress. Since you've been a slave much longer than Janet, who really only realized she was a slave on Thursday, you shall receive forty strokes with 'The Enforcer', for failing to strip when you reached a safe place. Lisa, please get it from the car, please." Lisa scampered to obey.

Shocked, I looked around. Lisa and Lucia were now naked. Marcia still wasn't, but neither was she wearing her collar and cuffs. Hoisted on my own petard. I would have no sympathy here. There were amused smiles on everyone's face.

"Yes, Master." 

I stood and removed my clothes and went over Master's lap. Lisa handed him the paddle.

"Janet, you may want to watch this closely," Master said. "This is what happens to slaves who are particularly recalcitrant." Janet smiled, the bitch.

Master really laid it on me. I was squealing vociferously after only three, crying after five and screaming after fifteen. When he finished my spanking, he released his erection from his pants, bid me stand, spread legged, bent over with my hands propped on the planter, and plunged into my dripping cunt.

"Ask permission to cum, slave."

The first dozen thrusts against my flaming ass hurt almost as much as the spanking did. The next dozen started to feel good. 

"Master, I'll need to cum soon. May I please cum?"

"No, you may not."

--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
I moaned and tried to delay the inevitable. Several thrusts later, I was getting desperate. 

"Please, Master. I beg you. Please let me cum."

"Sorry, slave."

I climaxed after two dozen more, moaning as much from pleasure as pain. 

"I'm sorry, Master. I couldn't help myself."

"You'll be punished for that later. Perhaps the Slave Trainer when it's charged. You can now cum as much as you'd like."

I orgasmed again shortly before my Master stiffened and his throbbing prick sent its load up my pussy. He pulled out, leaving his cum to drip down my leg.

"Stay in that exact position until I release you, so other slaves can witness what happens to slaves who get too big for their britches," Master said. "Lucia, grab your things from Chen's car. Lisa and Janet, you can help me unload the truck. Brianna, if you would have Dawn show me where you want this bed frame, we'll help you get it set up."

"You still remember where my bedroom is, don't you Scott?" Brianna asked. "It will go in there. Dawn will get Monique to get the help you require to remove the old one."

"I can help," Chen said.

"So can I," Sam added.

So while I stood there with flame red buttocks and Master's cum and my own slithering down my legs, a flurry of activity went on around me. The truck started getting unloaded. Master pointed out Brianna's bed frame and Sam's. Marcia and Sam started carrying their bed frame to their house. Dawn, Lisa, Janet and Chen started carrying Brianna's to her bedroom. Zoe came and sat beside me. She ran her hand over my scarlet bottom, making me flinch, then kissed me.

"I was impressed with your dominant qualities, though I prefer the submissive ones. Mistress, Monique and I are really looking forward to having you in our bed tonight." She kissed me again, deeper.

"Monique will be joining us?" I asked, panting, when the kiss was over.

"As Mistress's wife, she's usually present in her bed. She's the most accomplished cunt licker I know. You'll enjoy having her tongue caress your cunt."

She caressed my nipples, already hard, and made them ache with rigidity. My cunt twitched and a fresh rivulet of cum trailed down my leg. I moaned again.

"You're such a pretty little slave. Your Master is lucky to have you."

Zoe inserted two fingers into my dripping cunt and finger fucked me into another orgasm while I stood in the position Master left me. 

"I wonder if you'll be punished for that one too," she said, withdrawing her fingers from my pulsating pussy and licking them clean. 

Zoe walked away, and soon I was the only one in the courtyard, everyone else gone. The cum dripping down my leg eventually dried and crusted. The sun was beating down on me and I got hot. My arms, legs and back started to ache from holding my position. I shifted uneasily from foot to foot, trying to relieve the tension. Worse yet, I needed to pee. No one came, no one spoke to me, and I wondered if Master forgot me out here, entertained by being surrounded by all the naked females. 

Finally, I couldn't hold it anymore and my bladder released, my warm piss running down my legs and into the dirt.

Maybe another fifteen, twenty minutes went by before Janet came out. It was lunchtime. 

"Mistress, your Master has sent me to fetch you." 

She noticed the wet spot on the ground below my crotch and the pee on my legs. 

"My goodness! Did you need to pee? What a good slave you are to stand here as your Master ordered even though you had to piss yourself. I hope I shall learn to be as good a slave as you are."

I started to stand and stretch, somewhat embarrassed to be seen thus in front of my slave.

"No, Mistress. You can't join us until you lick me to orgasm. You're to leave my cum on your face so Master can see you've followed his orders."

She removed her Slave Trainer, sat down on the planter wall and spread her legs. Her cunt was sopping wet from the effects of the Slave Trainer. My face would be well covered with her cum. I knelt down in the dirt and started licking. When she climaxed, Janet held my head and smeared my face in all of her juices. 

She stood up and handed me her Trainer. "You might as well clean this off, your face is so messy anyway."

I thought about telling her to shove it, but realized Master was reminding me I was still a slave, first and foremost, and his to do with as he wished. I sighed, licked and sucked her Trainer clean, handing it back.

"You can join us by the pool. Lunch is being served."

I followed my slave back to the pool. Food was being set out under a shaded canopy, placed on ice. Janet went to the table to help set up the food. Master was in the pool with Lisa and Dawn. He was kissing Dawn, her body held tightly against his. I felt myself get angry, then calmed myself. Master had every right to be with another slave.

"Good afternoon, Master," I said, calling attention to myself.

He took note of my disreputable appearance; face smeared with girl cum, cum and piss on my legs. "Please shower before getting in the pool. You can clean off your face now."

"Yes, Master."

Brianna had an outdoor shower by the pool to rinse oneself before getting in or washing off the chlorine before going inside. I scrubbed myself thoroughly before joining them in the pool. He greeted me with a kiss and a squeeze on the behind. The squeeze still hurt, my bottom burned so.

"It's good of you to join us," he said.

He was the one who left me out in the courtyard for over an hour. I took a couple deep breaths.

"Yes, Master."

"Brianna has agreed to let me have Dawn for the night since you'll be otherwise engaged."

"Won't Lisa be keeping you company, sir?" I asked, wondering why he needed a different slave cunt when he had Lisa.

"No," Master said. "Lisa will be otherwise engaged as well."

This was apparently news to Lisa. She looked at Master with some astonishment on her face.

"Doing what, Master?"

"You'll see. It's a surprise. Don't worry, you'll have lots of fun."

Master pulled himself up on the pool deck. He had an erection.

"Julia, please take care of this for me, but let Dawn swallow my cum."

Oh, fine! Have me do all of the work and let her receive the reward. Just peachy! Fuck! Then I had to laugh, remembering how I'd deplored swallowing Master's cum before my slavery and how I wanted more than anything to swallow it now.

"What's so funny, slave?" He asked.

"I was irritated I was going to do the work of extracting your cum, while Dawn received the fruits of my labors. Then I remembered how much I detested your cum before my slavery and had to laugh."

Master laughed too. He remembered. "How times change, don't they, slave."

"Yes, sir." I started sucking his cock.

While I sucked him off, he talked to me. "I am so impressed with your abilities as a dominant. I need to pay close attention to your training of Janet. It's given me a lot of good ideas."

I pulled off of his lollipop for the moment. "Mistress Dark does believe those who've experienced slavery make the best Masters," I said. I consumed his cock again.

"Yes, she may be right," he said. "You do seem to have a unique understanding of the slave mind. Oh, that's good," he moaned. "Keep doing that. I think if I watch you train Janet, it will make me a better Master."

I didn't say anything. I had nothing further to add and I was pleasuring my Master.

I felt him become more tense, ready to orgasm. He said, "I'm going to cum," and I released him from my mouth and allowed Dawn to take over. In fifteen seconds, he was spewing down her throat. When it was over, I kissed her, hoping for a taste of him; a taste she provided, pushing a tongue full of cum in my mouth for me to vacuum up.

"Thank you, Dawn."

"You're welcome, Julia. Thank you for sharing your husband." 

I smiled and kissed her again, more affection, less tongue. I looked around. Janet was eating with Chen. They were both smiling, which I took as a good sign. Zoe and Lucia were with Brianna, Monique and Adele, caring for their children. Monique and Adele were breast feeding their children, Zoe and Lucia getting them food. Brianna had a close eye on her two, as did Sam and Marcia, with whom she shared them. Marcia was now naked, adorned with her cuffs and collar and her slave jewelry. I didn't see Chantelle, but I imagined she was busy in the kitchen. I felt a wave of affection for all the people here. I'm not sure I knew any better people. They'd responded so positively to everything that happened to me. I felt a tear or two run down my cheeks.

"I think I'm ready to eat now," Master said. "Please join me, slaves." 

We all got some food, mainly fruits and salads. The larger meal coming tonight. I looked forward to it, Janet's nyotaimori. Master brought all three of us back to the pool, collected our plates and while he sat on the edge, made us get in the water and fed us from our plates. It was hard to determine in the pool, but I knew I was flooding again. I was such a slave. I kissed Lisa and Dawn again. I was so happy. 

"What were your plans for Janet tonight?" Master asked.

I looked at him. God, how I loved him. "There is the nyotaimori tonight for supper where everyone will dine off her naked body. Afterward, I hoped that Sam would demonstrate his knowledge of Shibari for us and tie her with some lovely rope bondage to display her for an auction I hoped to have to sell her sexual services off for the night."

"An auction, you didn't discuss this before. What kind of auction?"

"A slave sale, sir. She wanted to know what it's like. I thought we might get Chen to bid on her even if I'm not letting them fuck yet."

"Would it be as a red silk or white silk slave?" Master asked.

"Red silk if any of the women purchased her, white silk if Chen wins her. Only her anus is off limits since she's being prepared for anal intercourse." 

"Would people bid money? Would the money go to charity? How do you plan to run this auction?"

"I hadn't worked out all the details yet. I don't think we could bid money. The slaves don't really have any to spend. Perhaps they could barter services or something."

"Mmm, interesting. I'll think about it as well and maybe we can come up with something together."

"Thank you, sir."

"Sam and Marcia are going to need help setting up their bed frame. I want you to work on it with them this afternoon with Lisa. Show them everything it can do."

"Of course, sir. Do they have an Alaskan King mattress yet?"

"There's a store here in LA that stocks them. They had it delivered yesterday, once they knew we were coming with the bed frame."

"We won't get ours for another month. Maybe we should cancel our order and buy one here, Master."

"No, I won't do that. Even if we got one, I'm not sure we could stick it in the pick-up to haul it back to Fresno, it's so big. We'll wait."

"Yes, sir." 

We finished eating, then Master jumped into the water with us and finger fucked us each to an orgasm while kissing us. It was the perfect ending to the meal. Afterward, he sent Lisa and I to help Marcia and Sam with their bed. He stayed in the pool with Dawn. I sighed again. Sometimes, being the perfect slave was so hard on the wife part of me. 

It took about thirty minutes to strip sheets and pad off the old mattress, and take the old mattress and frame out of their bedroom. Forty-five minutes to set up the new bed frame, another fifteen or twenty to get the new mattress and sheets on and we were showing Sam and Marcia the functions of the bed, using Lisa as a model. Poor Lisa was becoming so aroused by it all. She'd need a good fucking soon. I hope Master had some energy left or she'd be quite needy. I supposed I could help her if it came down to it.

Marcia got a call about halfway through the demonstration. She left the room to talk, so none of us knew what it was about. I continued to show Sam what the bed would do. He was the one who had to know. Marcia only had to obey. After fifteen or twenty minutes, she came back in. Lisa was dangling from the slave display, which wasn't fully extended, her legs fastened behind her, splayed apart, so it looked as if she was leaning forward. Her juices were running down her legs now, she was so turned on.

"I just got news about the two Corollas that got stopped. One of them got on the freeway in Bakersfield and he had a legitimate appointment in Long Beach, so he was released. The other guy was not Jack, but he knew him. He said Jack had asked him to follow his wife, who he suspected was sleeping around on him. He didn't realize he was actually following Jack's ex-wife, who he no longer had any legitimate connection to. Jack has been sleeping at his house, because he said his wife was trying to find him to serve him with divorce papers before he got the goods on her infidelity. Fresno police went to his place hoping to catch Jack, but because he was on the phone with Jack when he got pulled over, Jack knew the jig was up, so he bailed. He'd left the place already, and he's blowing in the wind again."

"Hasn't he seen the media coverage?" Sam asked. "Hell, it was even news here in LA."

"He doesn't believe in the news, thinks it's all essentially worthless propaganda and ways to sell prescription drugs to unsuspecting idiots. He pretty much doesn't do anything in his spare time but play video games and read library books on his Kindle. Our cops want to know if you want him charged and held for anything?"

"What? Stupidity," I said. "It's up to Master, but if he's been cooperative and won't be housing a fugitive anymore, I'm inclined to let him go."

"I would agree," Marcia said, "as long as he gives them as much information as possible to help catch Jack. I'll tell Scott and let him decide."

Marcia left and I finished showing Sam the new bed frame.

"This is incredible," he said when we finished. "I'm going to have a lot of fun with this."

"There are other pieces we're selling to make it even better. You can inspect them on Mistress Dark's web site. If you like any of them, let us know. If it doesn't cost a lot for raw materials, we'll provide it gratis for all your help. Slave, do you need to cum?"

"God, yes," Lisa panted.

"I don't think Master would be upset if you gave her permission to cum, Master Sam. I'll see to her pleasure."

"As long as I can watch," he replied.

Men, so fucking predictable. "Master wouldn't object to that, Master Sam."

"Go ahead."

So while Lisa still dangled in her bonds, I licked her to three quick orgasms. It took almost no time at all. I released her and we all went back to the pool, her cum still gracing my face. Now I was the one who needed to cum.

"Their bed is set up and ready to sleep on tonight, Master," I reported when I found Master sunning himself in a lounge chair. 

He opened his eyes, seeing my cum covered face. "Master Sam gave permission for Lisa to cum, sir. I provided the orgasms."

He closed his eyes again. "I have two more tasks for you, slave. Find Zoe and discuss your shopping trip for maternity clothes tomorrow, and find Adele and pick out the slave jewelry you want to replace the jewelry the hospital had to cut off."

"Yes, Master. Thank you, sir."

"Lisa, clean up and help Chantelle in the kitchen."

"Yes, sir."

"Sam, if you could stay for a moment, I need to discuss something with you."

"Of course. I love the bed, by the way. I'll probably use some of its features daily."

"Great. What are you waiting for slaves, get busy."

"Sir, if I may, what did you decide to do about the man who was following us?" I asked.

"I told Marcia to see he was released with a warning that if I ever saw him around me or mine again, he'd regret it."

"Thank you, Master." Both of us scurried away, doing our Master's bidding.

******

SCOTT

That fucking asshole, Jack. I couldn't believe he could manage to ruin a perfect visit out of town. What Julia had Janet doing in Chen's car was priceless. I was tempted to do the same myself when Lucia noted the car following us again. What a guardian angel Lucia was. So calm, so cool, so collected. Having her in the back seat of my truck with a loaded weapon made me feel incredibly safe. 

We followed Marcia's instructions and a couple Corollas were picked off, the police unsure which was the dangerous one. When we finally reached Brianna's estate and they locked the gates behind us, I breathed a sigh of relief. Many of them were out in the courtyard waiting for us. 

Julia noted Janet hadn't stripped nude when she arrived and she punished her for it. While Janet received her spanking, I reminded Lucia and Lisa they were slaves too, and they removed their clothes with alacrity. I smiled because I noted Julia hadn't removed her own clothes either, and she was my slave before she was Janet's Mistress. I was incredibly proud of the way she was controlling Janet. Very Mistress like. There was a lot to emulate in the way she handled her newly minted slave, things I was eager to put into practice myself, beginning with a spanking for failing to strip. So when Julia finished with Janet, I reminded her of her own failings.

She looked around desperately, hoping she wasn't the only one who screwed up, her eyes momentarily brightening when she saw Marcia was dressed, but dimming when she realized Marcia wasn't wearing slave attire. I learned later Marcia had been in slave gear, but when she got our call, she removed it and dressed to take charge. Since Julia had no one to blame or criticize other than herself, she removed her clothing and went over my lap like the good little slave she was. When I finished, I had to fuck her so bad it hurt. I made sure Julia orgasmed without permission, because I had more plans for her this evening.

After I filled her cunt with cum, I made her stay in her position while the truck was unloaded. I helped Brianna set up her new bed and went outside to check up on my slave, spying on her from the breezeway to the pool. I saw her shifting nervously from foot to foot and then her bladder release as she pissed herself. I'd forgotten she might need to go to the bathroom while she stood there. I almost started to cry, thinking of her waiting out there for me, obeying my commands even though she needed to relieve herself.

"You love her very much, don't you, Scott."

I turned and saw Brianna looking around my shoulder at my slave.

"More than words could ever say, Brianna."

"I could let you have her tonight. You can repay your debt some other time."

"No," I said, smiling, "a deal's a deal. Zoe tells me Monique is very skilled at what she does. My slave will have a good time tonight."

"Yes, she will," Brianna admitted. "I'll see to it. Will you be spending the night with Lisa then?"

"Unfortunately, I have other plans for her as well, something I thought of when Julia was telling me what she wanted to do with Janet tonight. One of your other slaves will be in for a treat."

"I can let you have Dawn again. No charge this time. It's only the one night and your slaves will be busy satisfying us tonight."

"Thank you. I accept your kind offer. I want to thank you for letting Lucia stay with us until my girls are safe."

"It's a mutually beneficial arrangement. Lucia told me you fucked her several times to get her pregnant, then held her upside down."

"Do you think it will work?"

"As much as anything else will, I imagine. I tried much the same thing when Sam was trying to get me pregnant. Putting my feet up and head down, hoping his sperm would stay inside and take. I got pregnant first crack at it, but I don't know if it was due to that or the frequency of his injections."

We both laughed.

I started to move forward, intending to release Julia from her self imprisonment. Brianna put her hand on my shoulder, stopping me.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"Not yet. I know why you did it. Let her stew a little longer and then send Janet out to release her. Make Julia serve her own slave as penance for forgetting her first duty is to you."

I kissed her lightly on the cheek. "Good idea. Thank you."

Nevertheless, it was with some reluctance I turned and went to the pool, thinking of my slave.

I went to the pool, joining Lisa. A short time later, Dawn joined us.

"Mistress tells me I'll be serving you again tonight, Master Scott." 

"She told me the same thing. I'm looking forward to fucking you again."

Dawn started asking Lisa about her rape and injuries. With her closeness to Lucia, she had a special understanding of what Lisa went through. I kept thinking about Julia. Finally, I called Janet over to me.

"Yes, Master Scott, how can I serve you?" Janet was going to be a perfect slave and Chen was going to make a terrible mistake if he didn't slap a collar on her soon.

"I'd like you to tell your Mistress she may join us. There are several things you must do as part of this. One, she must lick you to orgasm before she may come to the pool. You can tell her it's my order. She needs to leave your cum on her face. Two, tell her to lick clean your Slave Trainer when you remove it so she can pleasure you. Three, she pissed herself while she was out there because she was obeying my orders so stringently. I want you to take note of it, and mention it to her."

Janet smiled. "Anything else, Master Scott?"

"No, that should do it."

Janet left and I told Dawn I wanted her to lock lips with me when Julia arrived.

"What a hardship, sir," Dawn teased, "kissing the only male I can fuck in this place. Anything more I can do for you?"

"Yes, make sure I get an erection. I'm going to have Julia suck me, but I want you to swallow my cum."

"It just keeps getting better and better, sir. All of the fun and none of the work."

"Lisa. You're not to say a word about any of this to Julia. Not one word. Understood?"

"Yes, Master." I wasn't sure she understood, but she was willing to obey and that was enough.

About ten minutes later, Dawn saw Janet approaching with Julia behind her.

"Now," she whispered, grabbing my cock and shoving her tongue down my throat. I held her close and engaged in a couple minutes worth of passionate kissing. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw storm clouds forming over Julia's face, then she calmed back down, her face going deadpan. Dawn kept stroking my meat under the water. Quite effectively, I might add.

"Good afternoon, Master."

I looked her up and down, the cum, the piss. She was a mess. "Please shower before getting in the pool. You can clean off your face now."

"Yes, Master."

She showered at the outdoor shower, scrubbing herself clean before getting in the pool with us. I kissed her and squeezed her behind. She flinched. I had been rough on her bottom, more so than usual.

"It's good of you to join us," I said.

There was a pause as she took a couple deep breaths, then she smiled, as sweet as sugar.

"Yes, Master," she replied.

"Brianna has agreed to let me have Dawn for the night since you'll be otherwise engaged," I said.

A flash of anger that quickly passed. She smiled again.

"Won't Lisa be keeping you company, sir?" 

"No," I said. "Lisa will be otherwise engaged as well."

This was was the first Lisa heard of it, since I hadn't bothered telling a mere slave what my plans were. She looked at me, puzzled. 

"Doing what, Master?"

"You'll see. It's a surprise. Don't worry, you'll have lots of fun."

I hopped up on the edge of the pool with the nice erection Dawn had given me. 

"Julia, please take care of this for me, but let Dawn swallow my cum."

Julia got the biggest look of disgust on her face, maybe three or four seconds of absolute silence, then she started laughing, almost losing her breath she was laughing so hard.

"What's so funny, slave?" I asked.

"I was irritated I was going to do the work of extracting your cum, while Dawn received the fruits of my labors. Then I remembered how much I detested your cum before my slavery and had to laugh."

I joined her in her laughter. How right she was. Just getting her to swallow fifty percent of the reason I asked her to be a slave for three weeks. "How times change, don't they, slave."

"Yes, sir." 

She started sucking my root.

"I am so impressed with your abilities as a dominant," I said. "I need to pay close attention to your training of Janet. It's given me a lot of good ideas."

She ceased sucking momentarily, looking at me and saying, "Mistress Dark does believe those who've experienced slavery make the best Masters." She resumed her chores.

"Yes, she may be right," I replied. "You do seem to have a unique understanding of the slave mind. Oh, that's good, keep doing that. I think if I watch you train Janet, it will make me a better Master."

Her mouth was full. She chose not to speak.

I felt the stirring in my groin which warned me of my impending release. "I'm going to cum," I said. 

Without a word, she surrendered my cock and and allowed Dawn to take over. I exploded down Dawn's throat. When Dawn drained me dry, Julia kissed her. It looked as if they exchanged a mouthful of my cum.

"Thank you, Dawn."

"You're welcome, Julia. Thank you for sharing your husband." 

They kissed again, affectionately, as friends. Julia looked around, observing all going on around us. I know she saw Janet eating with Chen. They looked happy. She looked everywhere else, watching the people. At some point, a tear ran down her cheek. I wondered why. 

"I think I'm ready to eat now," I said. "Please join me, slaves." 

Everyone got their own plate of food, lighter fare. We carried it back to the pool and I collected their individual plates, having them return to the water. I sat on the edge, feeding them. Ahh, if they only knew what I had in store for my slaves tonight. They'd find out soon enough. Julia looked so happy. 

"What were your plans for Janet tonight?" I asked.

She turned to me with a look of utter admiration on her face. I'm not sure I deserved such love, but I was happy to accept it. 

"There is the nyotaimori tonight for supper where everyone will dine off her naked body. Afterward, I hoped that Sam would demonstrate his knowledge of Shibari for us and tie her with some lovely rope bondage to display her for an auction I hoped to have, to sell her sexual services off for the night."

"An auction," I asked, "you didn't discuss this before. What kind of auction?"

"A slave sale, sir. She wanted to know what it's like. I thought we might get Chen to bid on her even if I'm not letting them fuck yet."

"Would it be as a red silk or white silk slave?" I asked, intrigued. This might fit in with my other plans.

"Red silk if any of the women purchased her, white silk if Chen wins her. Only her anus is off limits since she's being prepared for anal intercourse." 

"Would people bid money? Would the money go to charity? How do you plan to run this auction?" I asked.

"I hadn't worked out all the details yet. I don't think we could bid money. The slaves don't really have any to spend. Perhaps they could barter services or something."

"Mmm, interesting. I'll think about it as well and maybe we can come up with something together." 

I already had an idea, and it was delicious. Not only would it be pleasing to my slaves, but might get Chen to hop off the fence and claim his slave. I needed to make arrangements.

Julia thanked me and I sent her off with Lisa to put the Evan's bed together. It wouldn't allow me to speak to Sam yet, but I'd speak to him later. I talked to Brianna first and got her complete agreement with my plan.

"Oh, Scott. You're as devious as I am. It's perfect. Everyone will have so much fun. What a way to shake up a lazy Saturday night."

Next was Chen. I told him Julia's part of the plan.

"One of the things Janet wanted to experience was a slave auction. Julia intends to sell her sexual services this evening after some other entertainment. She'll be sold as a red silk slave if any of the women buy her, but white silk if you buy her. Do you remember what that means?"

"White, oral only, red silk, anything goes."

"Exactly. Only her ass is off limits because she's being prepared for anal intercourse with butt plugs. Julia wants you to bid for her, make her feel like you want her."

"I want her, no question," Chen said.

"You remember when you and I were bidding for Gwen and you bid me up to make me pay what she was worth?"

"I remember. Am I going to have to bid against you the same?"

"Absolutely. It was good for Gwen's ego. She was the oldest slave at the auction and she didn't think she was worthy of the money the others would receive. Janet has the same inferiority issues Gwen had. She doesn't feel lovable and attractive, which is a total pile of shit, but her ex fucked her up. Not only will I bid on her, but I'll get Sam to bid on her too. Three hungry males bidding on her will do wonders for her self esteem. Of course, we'll eventually let you win, but make it good, right."

"Sure, I'm in. I couldn't believe the blow job she gave me in the car."

"I know, right. I was going to make Julia do the same for me before Lucia spotted that asshole following us."

"I didn't bring a lot of money," Chen warned.

"You won't need money. It's not that kind of slave sale. Hang loose, the rules will be explained after supper, which will also be a real treat. You'll see what I mean."

I let Chen get on with his relaxation thinking of what Janet was going to be doing to him later. He just didn't know the rest of the plan. He was going to be shocked, but I think the end result would be good. That left only Sam. I could send the girls away on some other pretext when I got a chance to speak to him. I settled back on a lounge feeling quite satisfied with myself. 

Dawn came up to me shortly after. "You shouldn't lie out in the sun without sunscreen, Master Scott. Would you like me to apply some?"

"Thank you," I said, "I would appreciate it."

Since I was lying on my back, she didn't neglect my junk. I didn't want it to burn any more than any other part of my anatomy. Marcia came up to me while she was stroking my cock with suntan lotion on it. She was doing an excellent job as attested to by the angle of the dangle.

"Ahem! Are you enjoying yourself Master Scott?" She asked.

"More than you could ever know," I replied, squinting up at her impeccable form.

"I've heard from the police about the man they caught following you. Do you want to know now or should I let Dawn finish?"

I sat up removing Dawn's hand from my erection, much too close to exploding for my comfort, but I needed to know.

"Was it Jack? Did they nail him? Are we safe now?"

"It wasn't Jack. It was some doofus Jack was staying with. He was fed some cock and bull story about trying to get dirt on Jack's wife before he got served with some divorce papers. He thought he was following Jack's current wife to get the goods on her for sleeping around, not his ex. The police got his address and the Fresno police went there and knocked down his door, but Jack got away. Said doofus was on the phone with Jack when he was pulled over. He was explaining to Jack that his 'wife' had caught him following them, as proven by them speeding up, then stopping. He was going to call the whole thing off. Jack knew he was going to get nabbed if he stayed, so he beat feet. The officers figured they were about an hour behind him. They don't know if he's got some other hidey hole he's climbed into or if he's making for greener pastures. My guys are wondering what you want to do with the doofus."

"Are you reasonably certain he wasn't in on it?"

"They are. They're good investigators. I trust them. Doofus has been cooperative and given them everything he had. There isn't much they can charge him with, but they could probably nail him for harboring a fugitive, even though he didn't know he was. He still has to answer some questions for Detective Riley, who's in charge of your case, but I think he's been wrung dry."

"How could he not know?"

"He doesn't listen to the news. He plays video games and reads his Kindle. He's kind of hopeless, from what I understand."

"If you don't think he's of further risk, let him go. Warn him if I see him again, he'll regret it."

"You shouldn't make threats in front of police officers, Scott."

"It's not a threat, it's a promise, and as far as you know, I'm just 'promising' him he'll be arrested."

"Yeah, sure." Marcia left.

Dawn tried to resume my stroke fest, but I couldn't go through with it. My slaves were still in danger and I was upset Jack hadn't been caught and my nightmare was continuing. 

"Please stop. I can't do this now. We'll continue this tonight when I'm in the mood again."

"I'm sorry, sir. I know it's rough."

"I was so looking forward to everything tonight, thinking we got the bastard. Fuck!"

She put her arm on my shoulder and gave it a good squeeze.

Lisa and Julia came out with Sam several minutes later. I put on a smile. I told Julia to make plans with Zoe to go maternity clothes shopping tomorrow and pick out new slave jewelry to replace the ones destroyed at the hospital. I told Lisa to help out in the kitchen. At last, I could talk to Sam.

"Help a brother out," I asked, "something not too difficult?"

"I'm listening."

"You know about the nyotaimori tonight and the Shibari afterward?"

"Yeah, the new girl, Janet, here with your friend, Chen," he replied. 

"It's not just Janet. Both Lisa and Julia will be plates tonight as well and I want both of them bound like Janet afterward, to be displayed for a slave sale. Julia is spending the night with Brianna, Zoe and whoever else Brianna wants, I think Monique, but I will make it sound as if Brianna will consider offers for her services for the night instead. The other two will be sold, Lisa with no holes barred, Janet with only her ass off limits. I want you making offers for all of them. I want them to think they might be sold to other men for the night. Chen will be bidding for all of them as well. When they are on display, make sure you inspect the merchandise, get them worked up a little."

"This doesn't sound like what you want out of your relationship, buddy. As I recall, you're dead set against sharing your slaves with other men."

"Don't buy them, just bid. Let them feel your interest. Hell, according to your rules, you can't even fuck other slaves except for conception. I get it. I want them to think you might get them for the night. Brianna is on board. She won't take any offers for Julia, but she'll entertain them, I'm told. Chen will express interest in everyone and I want him to buy Janet, though he won't get her the way he thinks. He's unsure if he wants a slave. It's a big step for him, but I've got to convince him he's going to miss out on a great one if he lets Janet go. She's primed to be somebody's slut and it might as well be him. He cares for her and Janet cares for him. The women will be blindfolded, so they won't know what's happening. I'll give you some kind of signal so you know when to stop bidding. I'lll tug on my ear or wave my hand or something so you know when to stop. I'll let Lisa go to another slave, whoever's bidding on her. The rules will be explained later and no money is involved."

"Aren't you taking a big risk, offering them up. You can't guarantee what will happen. What if they think you're selling them against all the rules you made up? You might really piss them off."

"It's not strictly against the rules, though theoretically I'm supposed to consider it very carefully for a week before sharing them with another man. We haven't signed anything though. I can always resort to legalese bullshit, but it won't be happening anyway. Everyone will quit bidding when it's time to stop."

"Of course, I'll have to speak to Marcia and Chantelle, so they know what the hell I'm doing, but okay; I'll play along. Not sure if you're doing the right thing though, but it's your life, your slaves, so whatever."

After, I saw him speaking to Marcia about it and I saw her nodding, and laughing, so it looked like she was going to go along with the gag. Would my slaves be mad? I hoped not. I know how aroused they became when they were sold previously so they should be excited to be sold again, wouldn't they? Especially if it all worked out.

Lisa and Julia both returned around four and we talked for awhile. I told Julia I'd come up with a solution to her dilemma regarding Janet's sale. If she let me handle the auction, everyone would have fun. She tried to get details, but I told her all would be revealed. Sometime before five, Chantelle came out and made a general announcement to all the people around the pool, most of the people at the estate.

"Mademoiselles, Madames and Messieurs; tonight, for supper, we are going to have a nyotaimori. For those of you unfamiliar with the practice, it is sometimes called naked sushi, where we dine off the naked bodies of our plates. Three people will be serving as our plates tonight, Janet Howard, Julia Rivers, and Lisa McManus. I will need the three of them to come with me to be prepared."

Janet looked panicked, first at Chen, then her Mistress, who was panicked herself.

"Master," Julia whispered hastily, "you want us to be plates?"

"I do slaves. If it's good enough for Janet, it's good enough for you."

"We will need volunteers to set up the tables out here as we're exceeding the capacity of our dining room. For tonight's meal, no utensils or chopsticks will be provided. You will dine using tongues, lips, or teeth alone. For the truly squeamish, and I am unfamiliar with any living here, you may use your fingers."

Lisa and Julia waded out of the pool, Julia gathering Janet as they left. Julia whispered something to Janet which got her to calm down, then something to Chen I didn't hear either. They all followed Chantelle. I had no idea what they needed to do to prepare, but I was certainly prepared for the result. My cock was hard again.

******

JULIA

I was looking forward to the nyotaimori tonight. Janet had the item on her list, but I hadn't informed her she was going to be experiencing it here this weekend. She might have guessed as she was present when Lucia informed us Chantelle was familiar with the procedure. I had Master make the arrangements with Brianna and Chantelle, which I should have realized might have consequences and done it myself. Still when Chantelle called out Lisa's and my name in addition to hers, I felt my pussy moisten. Janet's submissiveness and list was making itself felt in ways I hadn't expected. 

As we followed Chantelle to wherever she was leading us, I suddenly got a horrible yet thrilling feeling in the pit of my stomach. Everything else I'd planned for Janet tonight. Was I scheduled for those activities as well? The Shibari with Master Sam and the auction afterwards. Master said he knew how to arrange the auction, but he hadn't provided details. Did he have some plan which included his two slaves? Would Master sell our services? He did realize there were men present as well. Or did he intend to exclude men from the bidding, and if he did, would it exclude Chen from bidding for Janet, or only men from the bidding for his two slaves? Suddenly, I had many more questions and no answers.

Chantelle led us all to Mistress Brianna's shower. Janet had been in Brianna's bedroom previously when they brought the bed frame in and put it together for her. We'd used her bed to fuck in, the first time we'd stayed after our initial slavery had ended and Master decided to accept us as his slaves again. None of us had seen the bathroom though, and loved the luxury of it. Chantelle told us to all take quick showers, shaving ourselves thoroughly with soap which wouldn't flavor the food. She also gave each of us a new razor blade and told us to shave ourselves bare. She waited while we groomed ourselves.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
As we shaved and showered she explained the process.

"Following your showers, you will be placed on tables outside. The plastic tablecloths will have been washed with a sterilant. I will wash your bodies with the same sterilant after you lie down. As a plate, food will be placed all over your body, from knees to forehead, from which people will remove it as I described earlier. They won't be pigs about it, snuffling around your cunt exclusively, but expect you will have orgasms from so many mouths and fingers playing with the food on you. 

"Many of our diners love to enhance the flavor of their food by wiping it through your cunt after you've orgasmed. The women are lesbians, after all, and most men love the taste of fresh cunt as well. You must remain as still as possible as the food will be balanced on your flesh and any movement might cause it to fall to the table, or worse, the ground. Even when you're climaxing, you must remain still. The food will be chilled. We keep it refrigerated for health reasons before it's placed on your skin. The contrast between chilled foods and warm tongues is one of the enjoyable features for the plates.

"There will be main courses of sushi, sashimi, rice balls, and vegetables. There will be a dessert course, a different dessert on each of you, warm chocolate and nuts, berries and cream, and bread pudding with butterscotch sauce. Wine and champagne will served with dinner. You will need to shower again when you're done. The desserts are especially messy. You will be fed after. Do you have questions?

"Who here has participated in a nyotaimori before?" I asked.

"I did, on a cruise we went on. I prepared the food and served as a plate. Two other women served as the dessert plates. Here, only Marcia has done it before. There was another woman as well, but she doesn't reside here."

"Who?" Lisa asked.

"It's confidential. Her name would be known to you so we don't divulge it as it would be embarrassing to her and her husband."

"Was he here when she served as a plate?" Janet asked.

"He was."

So Master Sam wasn't the only one to have dined off his wife. Master Scott would join him. To think all the people here would be eating off me was driving me crazy with lust.

"Are the rest of you as aroused as I am?" I asked my fellow plates.

"Yes, Mistress," Janet said. "I need to be fucked so bad," Lisa said.

We finished and Chantelle led us outside. By now, we were all used to being naked most of the time, but this was different somehow and my nipples were so hard when we were paraded in front of all the diners. Chantelle had us lie down and used a clean cloth with the sterilant to wipe us down, then poured cool water over us to rinse it off. I practically climaxed when the water ran over my cunt. Chantelle, Zoe and Dawn decorated our feet and hands with flowers and began setting food on us. Delicacies went everywhere. My boobs, my belly, my mons, even the top of my slit, which was probably being flavored with my juices as it just sat there. 

When they were done, the crowd was turned loose and people began dining off us, almost everyone using only their mouths, tongues and teeth to grasp the tidbits. I climaxed almost immediately, and it took everything I possessed not to throw my legs open, squirm like a slut and beg to be fucked or sucked. It sounded as if the others were reacting as I did, if their moans of pleasure were to be believed.

The food was being replaced as fast as it was eaten. Zoe was doing the honors for me. She kept whispering to me how much she would enjoy me tonight, keeping me as aroused as possible for the diners. Chantelle kept Janet supplied and Dawn was keeping up with the demand on Lisa. Both Master and Master Sam were eating without fingers. Sam plucked a slice of sashimi off my turgid nipple as Master flicked his tongue up my cleft to gather a sticky rice ball. I orgasmed again and Brianna rubbed a piece of shrimp through my dampness, saying she wanted to see how I'd taste tonight. 

Chen ate with his fingers off me the first time, but when he went to Janet's table, he ate with his mouth. After dining off her, he didn't bother with his fingers again. The second time he came around, he nibbled on a morsel on my nipples and I moaned for him. 

It was incredible. When I read about the practice of nyotaimori, I'd only considered it from the perspective of Mistress to Janet. I hadn't thought of what it would be like to be the plate. I came four times during the main course. The desserts were worse as with the chocolate sauce, whipped cream, and butterscotch sauce; it was messier, stickier and needed to be licked up. I was the chocolate dessert. I lost track of the orgasms. I'm sure I got chocolate in parts of me I never expected. My cunt was licked so many times, I began wondering what I would taste like with chocolate. The worst part was having to hold still as my body was aroused to completion so many times, when all I wanted to do was move. 

Finally, the diners seemed to have sated themselves. Every face was messy and sticky. The water bill tonight would be outrageous as everyone would need to shower. My whole torso was a slathering of chocolate and nuts. I saw Master and Chen following Sam and Marcia to their house to wash off. 

Chantelle gave us each robes to cover us so we wouldn't drip all over the house as we went back to Brianna's room. She sent us back to the showers and suggested we wash each other to do the most thorough job of cleaning, taking the robes to wash. We took her suggestion as we all looked a sticky mess. Still, before we washed, I had to lick each of their cunts to taste them covered in cream and butterscotch, and they licked me too. I could see doing this again so I could taste chocolate covered cunt. 

Once clean, Chantelle led us to the dining room where we had a quick meal with our servers. Chantelle only gave us twenty minutes to eat, as there were a lot more activities scheduled for this evening.

"Lisa, I may have made a mistake planning this for Janet."

"How, so?"

"It's given Master some ideas. I think whatever Janet goes through this evening will happen to us as well."

I saw Dawn, Zoe and Chantelle look at each other and their looks did not reassure me. I was almost positive I was right.

"What else did you have scheduled for Janet tonight?" Lisa asked.

"Japanese rope bondage by Master Sam," I replied, "called Kinbaku or more often in the US, Shibari."

"Well, that wouldn't be too bad, would it? Master Sam seems nice and you wouldn't have done it to Janet if you thought it would be bad, would you?"

"It's not the bondage bothering me at the moment. I also arranged for Janet to be sold as a White Silk slave."

Lisa looked at me with some astonishment, thought about it some more, then said, "That must be why Master said I wouldn't be spending the night with him and Dawn. Still, how bad could it be? Most of the people bidding on us would be women. Master doesn't have a problem with us having sex with women. It wouldn't be so bad. Hell, it might not even apply to you. You have to play with Mistress Brianna, Zoe and Monique tonight anyway. Your night is taken. It might only apply to me and not you at all."

"How much money are you carrying on you?" I asked.

"None."

"What about you three?" I asked the others.

"We don't even have clothes most of the time," Zoe answered. "Where would we keep money? Mistress provides for our needs and we use a corporate credit card when we buy things on her behalf."

"I hadn't worked out the details of the slave sale, but Master said he had it figured out, but if none of the slaves have money to bid for a slave, who does have the money? Master, Sam, Chen and Brianna and maybe Marcia, since she isn't a full time slave. Three men and one woman with money and three slaves and Master said you wouldn't be with him. Doesn't that leave only the other three with money and if Mistress already has me, why would she bid on any other slaves? Zoe, have you heard of any change to the plans of me to spend the night with you and your Mistress?"

"No, but I wouldn't necessarily be told. I'm a slave."

"So if only Sam and Chen bid for slaves, and Chen definitely bids for Janet, who does that leave for you?"

"Sam. But Master said he doesn't want us fucking other men any more. Why would he sell us as White Silk to Master Sam. Chantelle, would Master Sam buy a slave he couldn't fuck due to his agreement with you and Marcia. He doesn't fuck anyone else who isn't trying to conceive, does he?"

"Very rarely," Chantelle admitted.

"Rarely or never."

"Marcia would have to agree, but he has fucked other women. If they wouldn't become regular sex partners because they didn't live nearby."

Now Lisa was worried too. Janet didn't appear to be nervous as she assumed Chen would bid on her and as a white silk slave, had already sucked his cock. She'd done it today in his car. Spending a night orally satisfying her boyfriend wouldn't be a hardship.

"We need to get going now," Chantelle said. "They're waiting for us in the exercise room."

I left half of my meal on the table, as did Lisa, too busy talking to eat. The rest had completed their meal. We followed the others and they led us to the exercise room. Many of the women were sitting cross legged on the mats. Master, Chen and Brianna had chairs, the rest were standing. Sam and another slave were waiting in the center of the room with a lot of rope. I suspected only those caring for the infants were missing. Most of them had just eaten off me. Master spoke to the assembled crowd. 

"Janet, please come here."

Janet approached Master and he made her display for all of us. He put his hands over her shoulder.

"Janet here is very new to submission. She just admitted to us all this past Thursday that she was a sex slave, like most of you. Before coming to this realization, in the process of exploring her feelings about submission, she developed a list of things she wished to try. My lovely slave, and wife, Julia has been doing these items with her so she could explore her submission without exploring them with a male which could be upsetting to her boyfriend. Two of the things on her list were nyotaimori, which she participated in at supper, and Shibari rope bondage, which Sam has graciously offered to demonstrate for us here tonight with the assistance of Riyuki. Since neither of my slaves has experienced rope bondage either, I offer them to Sam to bind as he would Janet. One of the other items on her list will be taken care of tonight as well. So I instruct all three of them to do as they're told by Sam and Riyuki as if the order came from me." 

He pushed Janet in Sam's direction and waved us over to them as well. Sam and Riyuki took her to hand and had her trussed up like a Christmas goose in no time. Her arms were bound behind her back and tied to her hair which forced her head back. Ropes crisscrossed her chest, compressing her breasts between them and other ropes went between her legs, though none were directly in her crotch. I could see the moisture forming in her cunt and I'm sure everyone else could too. One leg was tied to itself and the foot was tied above the knee on her other leg which left her crotch wide open. They then tied her to the chin up bar so she didn't have to support herself on one leg. 

Lisa was next, and though it was completely different in appearance, it was much the same in affect. Her crotch was left exposed to all of us and she was tied to the opposite vertical support of the chin up bar. She was as wet as Janet was. Truth be known, I was just as wet and they hadn't even started on me. 

It was my turn next and in the process of being tied, both of them were touching me intimately, which aroused me further, especially since one of them was Master Sam. My arms were tied behind my neck then tugged down by a rope which went between my ass cheeks and vaginal slit. Sam did a knot right over my clit which exerted pressure on it and I climaxed, moaning, showing everyone what a slut I was. Master was smiling, so apparently he didn't care their rope work was making me cum. My breasts were also bound, in a totally separate manner, being squeezed and making them thrust out to my watchers, my nipples harder than diamond points. I was hung from the horizontal bar so constant pressure was exerted on my clit and slit, keeping me needy and aroused. 

All of us now tied and confined, Master came up to each of us and kissed us.

"I hope you're all enjoying yourselves, slaves?" 

"Yes, Master," all three of us answered. I was enjoying myself. I had never thought being tied could be so exciting.

"Good. Next we need to blindfold you and gag you, for the next part of the evenings entertainment."

Master took out a ball gag and pushed it in my mouth. I couldn't even ask questions before it was impossible to ask them. Then he put a blindfold over my eyes. I heard him on either side of me doing the same to Janet and Lisa. I was scared now. I wasn't sure why we would need to be gagged and blindfolded.

"One of Janet's experiences recently was to undergo a figging. I did not know what a figging was until I saw Janet's list and then I had to look it up. Julia and Janet underwent a figging together. I missed the whole experience because I was playing poker, and I think I would have enjoyed watching, and I suspect you might too. I think it appropriate all three slaves enjoy a figging. Lisa, because she hasn't undergone one yet; Janet, because she was the one who initially wanted to explore it; and Julia because she orgasmed without permission today. Lucia showed Chantelle and I how to carve ginger root and we've got some here, which we'll now insert into the rectums and cunts of our three slaves. Lucia explained that the insertion of the root is often accompanied by punishment. The purpose of such punishment is to cause the slaves to squeeze down on the roots in their bottoms, thereby releasing more ginger juice, effectively increasing the pain. Please watch as all of our slaves enjoy a figging, and don't forget to swat these lovely asses as the evening progresses to make the occasion more memorable."

Oh, no! Not again. Sure enough. I felt carved ginger root being inserted into my ass and cunt. Janet knew what it would feel like and was squealing around her gag even before it went in. Lisa didn't know yet what she was in for, but it only took a few minutes for her to start feeling the burn. Another reason for the ball gags, or we'd all have been screaming to high heaven. As it was, most of our screams died behind the balls, leaving only muffled groans to come out. As soon as our squirming became less, someone would swat our asses and the burning increased. The burning in my cunt was especially bad. If not gagged, I'd have been begging to be fucked by something big and hard.

"Another of Ms. Howard's fantasies she wished to explore was to be sold at slave auction. We can satisfy her curiosity this weekend." I could hear several of the women oohing and aahing. Was it because they were thinking of purchasing her? Or were they thinking of what it would be like to be sold themselves, having to perform for a new Master or Mistress for the night. "It was originally Julia's intention that Janet be sold for the night as a white silk slave, a slave who could only confer oral favors upon her purchasers. Those oral favors would fit in well with many of the people here who sexually identify as lesbians. However, I do feel since Janet has since identified herself as a sex slave, and is not a virgin, white silk is much too modest a designation. I have overridden my slave's plans for Janet and determined she should be sold as red silk, able to satisfy anyone who purchases her in all ways, save anally. As you can see, Janet's ass is currently occupied at the current time as my slave is slowly preparing Janet for eventual anal fucking. As a result, her bottom is off limits." 

I heard a moan from Janet, but couldn't see what was happening. Why was Master selling her as red silk? Chen should be the first to take her cunt as a slave. Master should know that. Chen needed to be convinced to be her Master. If someone else fucked her, would he even want her anymore? At least Chen would be able to bid on her.

"As you can see from the copious fluids flowing from her cunt..." Janet moaned again, almost cumming, I thought. "This slave is ripe to fuck. Whether by cock or strap-on, this slave wants her needy cunt filled.

"However, a slave auction featuring only one needy slave is barely an auction at all, which is why I am offering up this other red silk slave for sale to satisfy whatever the purchaser desires. She's a three hole slut, able to satisfy any carnal cravings you possess." 

Lisa moaned herself. I could picture Master sliding his fingers through her moistness, showing everyone Lisa was also a slutty slave. 

Then, I felt Master put his fingers to my mouth, my sister slave's scent and slickness on them and being the good little slave I was, I licked them clean. Then he put his hand on a breast and pinched a nipple and I shook and quivered. My breasts were probably purple from being constricted by the rope. Shaking caused the knot over my clit to rub and I climaxed again, moaning hard. All I was capable of behind the ball gag. Thereby identifying myself as another needy slave fit only to serve.

"Mistress Brianna has earned the services of this red silk slave for the night for loaning me Dawn during my last visit. She may not wish to surrender those rights, but perhaps with the proper inducements, may be persuaded to part with this delicious slave."

His fingers penetrated my cunt and I danced on them on best I could, making the rope even more effective. 

"I show you this so you can know what a juicy cunt this slave possesses. Surely someone might offer something your Mistress desires to taste this liquid treasure or to feel these lips upon your cock or cunt."

He pushed his fingers back into my mouth and I tasted myself, uncontrollably licking my own cum.

"Monique, has a box of poker chips and will pass out an equal number of chips to everyone wishing to participate as a buyer at the slave auction tonight. Five chips each, it doesn't make any difference what color they are, they are all worth Twenty dollars. The sale will be held in one hour. During that hour, I invite any of you to come up here and inspect the merchandise for sale. You may test the firmness of their breasts, the juiciness of their cunts, then buy, borrow, barter or gamble for the other players chips to better your purchasing power. However you wish to make arrangements to purchase these slaves for yourself is within the rules. If two or three of you choose to pool your money to buy one of these luscious creatures, that is your choice. If you want to risk all your chips on the roll of a dice or drawing of cards to get more chips for yourself, more power to you. If you're not in the mood for sex tonight and want to read a good book instead, you can give your chips to a friend who wants it more. Perhaps you can promise to do someone else's chores for more chips. In an hour, we'll hold the auction, starting with Janet, then Lisa, then we'll have to see if any of you can encourage your Mistress to surrender her rights to Julia."

Oh, Master, why are you doing this. You were opening up the bidding to anyone. Certainly it gave everyone an equal chance, but that included the men. You weren't going to share us with men anymore. What if Chen didn't win Janet? What if he didn't even want to bid on her, watch her sold like a piece of meat? Would he then bid on someone else, like Lisa or me? He'd fucked us before. Why wouldn't he want to fuck us again? What about me? Brianna could have anyone or anything. I suppose it would be tough to barter for my services, but there might be something she'd want they wouldn't normally give her. Maybe her slaves would give her their chips and she could buy us all. Not the worst thing which might happen, but Chen wouldn't get Janet, and if he did buy her, it was as red silk. She would have to fuck him, whether she was ready to or not. I sure hoped Master knew what he was doing, but if Lisa was sold to a man, what would he do? He promised to consider for a week if he was considering sharing us with a man again and that certainly wouldn't happen if she were sold tonight.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
"Let me get this straight, Scott," Brianna said. "You're going to sell these slaves tonight and anyone with enough chips can buy them, man or woman, submissive or dominant?"

"That's correct," Master replied. 

"I thought you weren't sharing your slaves with men anymore? Isn't that the reason they were forced to surrender their slavery the first time?"

"Yes, but look at all the people here. The odds of a man purchasing them is like one in five, a twenty percent chance. Those are pretty good odds. The women are much more likely to trade and swap with each other for chips. Dawn might be the only one who'd pool her chips with a guy."

"I take it then if your slaves are sold to someone else, regardless of who it might be, you won't renege and reclaim them?"

"Not until tomorrow morning. A deal is a deal."

Master. How well did you know these people? We were friends with them, but how well did you really know them? Even Zoe. She owed her allegiance to her Mistress, was going to share a child with Sam, loved having sex with your wife more than you. Everyone here was friends with each other longer than we've ever been in the picture. Sam was the father of several or all of the children. I wanted to scream "Omega" at the top of my lungs and end this insanity, but I couldn't do more than mumble behind my gag, and maybe it was the reason he gagged me; to keep me from doing that very thing.

"Very well," Brianna said. "Everyone who wishes to bid, collect your chips from Monique. Feel free to inspect the merchandise up for sale. We meet back here in an hour for the auction. Scott, if it's all the same to you, I'd like Zoe to be the auctioneer."

"I have no problem with Zoe selling the slaves," Master said.

For the next hour, I was poked and prodded like the slave property I was. Fingers tested my cunt, my ass, slapped my ass, pinched my tits, even inspected my teeth. I climaxed five or six times as my "slave heat" was tested, and I was hotter than a pistol. My helplessness doing as it usually did, ramping up my sex drive past the yellow caution to the red zone.

At one point, one of the fingers penetrating me was thicker than the female fingers which most penetrated me. I heard Sam discussing me with Marcia and Chantelle. 

"Scott is right. This slave is prime meat," Sam said. "I don't know if I've ever felt a cunt as flooded as hers." He thrust a couple times and I climaxed again, moaning in despair. "Feel this, Chantelle. You could almost drink this from a cup."

A smaller finger slipped into me instead of Sam's thicker ones. "You're right. She's as wet as Marcia usually gets." Her finger moved from my cunt to my bum and inserted itself, wriggling around. "Tight ass, too. It hasn't been over used."

A tongue trailed up my slit. "Tasty too," Marcia said. "You should bid on her, Master."

"She's Brianna's for the night. She doesn't care for chips. She already has this one. Why would she give her up?"

"You could try offering her something, Monsieur," Chantelle said.

"She has everything she wants," Sam said. "What could I give her?"

"Think on it, Master," Marcia said. "You're a clever guy."

"I want her, Monsieur."

"We're far more likely to win this one," Sam said, moving down to Lisa, and I heard her moan as I had as she was tested. "Or the new slave," Sam said, moving past me to Janet and I felt the whole chin up bar shake as Janet orgasmed on his or someone else's fingers. "Don't you think breaking in a new slave would be kind of fun."

"She's not really a virgin," Chantelle said. "She's fucked before."

"But never as a slave," Sam said. "It's always different being fucked as a slave for the first time. You can't withhold anything from a Master. She's never cum as much as she will her first time as a slave." 

Our apparatus was still shaking from Janet's orgasm. I was sure he was correct. She would cum and cum for her first Master. 

At some point, Chen inspected us. "This is rather familiar," he said to me. "The first time I ever saw you as a slave was hanging from Scott's bondage furniture, suspended and gagged." He sucked on a nipple and I gasped behind my gag. It was the way he greeted me then, too. I felt my hips thrusting towards him, engaging my Shibari rope on my clit. I spasmed and he ran his finger through my slit. "I believe you were this wet then too. You had the Slave Trainer on and your fluids were running down your legs." His finger penetrated me. "Is this what you had in mind when you decided to sell my girlfriend's sexual services?" I shook my head no, frantically. I only wanted her to experience what it was like to be sold, and only to you, Chen, I wanted to say, but I could say nothing. He finger fucked me to another orgasm. Fuck!

He spent time with Lisa and she trembled through an orgasm, just as I did. He spent the most time with Janet and I heard her trying to scream behind her gag, but nothing intelligible came out, just gobbledygook. She was panting hard, and I suspected he was playing with her body as he played with ours and finally, I heard her moan as she orgasmed, another slave slut. 

I could hear slaves playing and trading chips, promising things to acquire more. Lucia asked Dawn for her chips and she said, "Sure, I'm fucking Scott tonight, so I can't really use them for anything." Did that mean Master wouldn't be bidding? He had his fuck toy for the night? Neither Lisa or Janet would care if they were bought by Lucia. They'd already fucked her. 

Brianna came by and tasted me. "I'm looking forward to spending the night with you, cupcake." At least it sounded as if I were safe.

At some point, Brianna called time. "Zoe is going to start the bidding now. You may continue to negotiate for chips as the bidding progresses, but you cannot bid what you do not possess. If you have twenty chips in your possession, that's your maximum bid. The bidding will start for slave Janet. Zoe begin."

Janet tried to speak again, but could do nothing over the ball gag. She was as helpless as Lisa and I were.

"You've all had a chance to inspect the merchandise and I know you all realize what a tasty slave this is," Zoe said. "She's wet and ready for love. Look at these lovely breasts, the sweet cradle of these hips. Scott tells me that other than sucking Chen's cock a few times, all this slave has been allowed to do is lick cunt, and Lucia, who's experienced it, says she is one sweet cunt licker. Not up to Monique's standards, but who is, really." 

That got quite a few laughs. I was supposed to enjoy Monique's tongue tonight, so I suppose I'd find out. Rose and Slut were both quite good too. I wondered how Monique compared to them. Mistress Dark was quite demanding.

"What am I bid for this slave?"

Chen, dear boy, started with five chips, all he'd originally received. Had he managed to finagle more from someone? Would Master have given him his chips, since he was set for the night?

"Six," Lucia said. Good girl, though I was hoping she'd bid for Lisa instead.

"Seven," Brianna said. If Lucia got sold to Brianna, it wouldn't be so bad. We would be together and I could help calm her nerves."

"Eight," Master said. Why was he bidding against his friend, Chen?

"Nine," Master Sam bid. Did he want to break in a new slave, and what about all the rules he and Marcia had? Of course, she'd suggested he get me, so maybe the rules were flexible. I couldn't make heads or tails of what was going on.

"Ten," Chen said. So he had managed to acquire more chips, and wasn't out of the bidding yet, though now he'd bid the chips of two people. How many people could he have convinced to provide him with chips? He didn't know anyone here. Maybe he got someone to gamble. He was a good poker player.

"Eleven chips," Lucia said. She'd gotten chips from more than Dawn. Zoe said a lot of people liked her. Maybe several had pooled their chips. Being used by several women wouldn't kill Janet. Chen knew she was having sex with women, including me and Lisa.  

"Twelve chips," Chen answered right back. He had chips from more than one other person.

"Thirteen," Sam responded. At the very least, he had the chips of himself and two slaves. He could go to fifteen for sure.

"Fourteen," Chen said.

There was silence. No one else was bidding.

"Fourteen chips or the equivalent of $280 to enjoy the services of this slave for one night. Going once, going twice..."

"Fifteen," Master said. What the fuck was he doing? Chen had won Janet! She was his. He was taking her away from one of his friends. This was the perfect scenario, even if Janet was going to be red silk. At least Chen would have her. What was the point of everything if Master was going to fuck her first? I wanted to scream. Except for the damn ball gag in my mouth, I would have. Bid again, Chen. Silence. Chen didn't have more than fifteen chips and Master bid it first.

"Fifteen chips, $300 dollars for a new slave for the night to Master Scott," Zoe said, "Going once, going twice, sold to Master Scott."

"Would you release the slave, Riyuki?" Master said.

I didn't hear a response, but I felt the exercise equipment moving as Janet was released. Riyuki must have removed her ball gag because I suddenly heard Janet, her voice hoarse.

"Chen, I submit myself to you. Put your collar on me, please, I beg you. I'm on my knees, begging. Take me. I'm your slave, not Scott's."

"Not tonight. He bought you for tonight. You're his."

"No, Chen, please. I only want you."

"Chen," Master said, "you've been on the fence about accepting a role as Janet's Master, unsure if you want to take responsibility for this delicious slut. You've now seen what can happen if you don't take command of her. She wants and needs a Master. If it's not you, it will be someone else. What happened tonight will happen for real. She'll be sold out from under you. She obviously wants you. If you don't take her, you might remain her boyfriend, perhaps eventually become her husband, if it comes to that, but a Master who wants her, will eventually take her. She'll submit to him. I bought her so you would know what it feels like for something you care for to be taken away; sold out from under you. I give the night I purchased to you, because you're my friend, but if you don't slap a collar on her by tomorrow, you might end up losing her to someone who is not your friend. Consider what you felt when she was sold to me and think of how you'll feel if it ever happens for real."

Good boy, Master. This was better than my idea. Make Chen shit or get off the pot.

"Master Scott," Janet said, tearfully. "You're giving me to Chen?"

"For the night. Whatever happens after is up to him."

"I don't know how to be a Master," Chen said.

"Julia can show you. She's actually quite good at it. I don't want to interfere in your love life, but if you'll listen to her, she'll show you how to be a proper dominant and tame your slave. Remember, as her Master, you decide who or even if she gets to fuck." 

I heard some back slapping, so hopefully, they remained friends. I heard a big, sloppy kiss with a quick, "Thank you, Master Scott." Janet's voice. She sounded quite happy.

"Next up for bid is this luscious slave, Lisa," Zoe said. "Most of you have met her, tasted her at supper, and know what a delicious slave slut she is. Look at these nipples. Aren't they fabulous? Doesn't it make you want to eat her right up? What am I bid for this slave meat?"

"Five," Lucia said.

"Six," Sam said.

"Seven." I didn't recognize the voice, but it was female.

"Eight," Brianna said. We could serve Mistress Brianna together if she bought Lisa. 

"Nine." Sam again.

"Ten," Lucia said.

"Eleven," the unknown person said, still bidding.

"Twelve," said Sam.

"He's not supposed to keep bidding," Master said. "Give me your chips." 

What the fuck was going on. Had Master colluded with Sam?

"I gave my chips to Lucia," Dawn said. "Ask Chen. He had at least fourteen."

"Thirteen," Lucia said.

"Chen," Master asked, "how many chips did you have?"

"Fourteen," the unknown female replied.

"I had fifteen. It's why I couldn't bid anymore."

"Please let me have them," Master said.

"Fifteen" Lucia said.

"She's already got you," Chen said. "I have no more to give you."

"Dawn, see if you can scrape any more chips up, quick."

"Sixteen," Sam upped the bid.

"Seventeen," Lucia responded.

"I got three more," Dawn said, "here."

"Eighteen," Master joined in, finally bidding.

"Nineteen," Sam said. He'd lost out on Janet, was he now making an all out effort for Lisa?

"Shit! Dawn see if you can get some more chips."

"Twenty," Lucia responded. "Four hundred dollars."

"Four hundred, twenty," Sam said.

"I couldn't get anymore, sir. Sam seems to have gathered most of them except for those already spent or being bid."

"Twenty-two chips," Lucia said. She sounded as calm as she did in the back seat of the truck on the highway today.

"Sam should have quit bidding six chips ago. I gave him the signal."

"Did you give him a signal when he was bidding for Janet?" Chen asked.

"Of course. No one else but me could win her if my plan was to work." Master had been playing a devious game. No wonder he hadn't explained the fucking rules of the auction to me. "I wanted all of the men to express interest in the slaves to throw a scare into them and arouse them, by not knowing who they were going to be sold to." You duplicitous shit, Master. Was that why Sam, Marcia and Chantelle had discussed buying me. Even Chen, fucking with me as he considered his potential property. Was that Master's doing, or had Chen done it himself? Heaven knows it had worked. I was aroused as hell, but obviously, something had gone off the rails.

"Twenty-three," Sam added.

"Fuck! He agreed to quit bidding. What the hell is he doing. I thought we were friends."

Zoe whispered something to Lisa who seemed to be quite frantic at the way the bidding was going. If Master didn't know what was happening, Lisa had a right to be worried.

"Twenty-four," Lucia said, still hanging in there. The other girl had dropped out.

"Twenty-five." Christ, were Sam's chips unlimited?

The room was silent. 

"Twenty five chips, the equivalent of $500 dollars to Master Sam. Going once, going twice," a long pause, "sold to Master Sam and his harem. Would you like to take possession of your slave, Master Sam?"

"Yes, thank you. Riyuki, could you please release her for me?"

"Of course, Sam san." 

I felt Lisa being untied beside me. Her ball gag must have been removed as well.

"I'm sorry, Master," she said. "I know you didn't want me fucking men any more."

"It's not your fault," Master said. "I take full responsibility."

I should hope so.

"Come over here, and kneel, slave," Sam said. "Do you prefer being fucked in the cunt or the ass?"

"The cunt, sir, though I can take it up the ass."

"Of course you can. You're a three hole slave, red silk all the way."

"Yes, Master."

My heart broke hearing Lisa call Sam Master. Not Master Sam, but Master, the term reserved for our Master. My Master said nothing. Was he angry, sad, what. I hadn't a clue. I couldn't even see him.

"As Scott mentioned," Zoe said, "the next slave is committed to Mistress for the evening. She has agreed to entertain offers for the slaves services. It will have to be creative as she pretty much owns you slaves, body and soul. Offering to lick her cunt won't do you much good, so what do I hear for this slave."

"I'll offer my services in the nursery nights for the next two weeks," Lucia said.

Brianna replied, "We can barely keep you out of the nursery now, Lucia, and you're in Fresno at least until Jack is caught, so you'll have to do better than that."

"Mistress," Riyuki said, "I will give you a pedicure every morning for the next week."

"You know how much I love having my feet worked on. Intriguing."

"If you want any more children, I'll be happy to provide the sperm," Sam said.

Zoe was suddenly softly whispering in my ear. "There's a fix on. What's happening next is already decided. Play along with anything that happens. You won't be disappointed, I promise."

I couldn't see her, look into her eyes to see if she might be lying to me, but something about the whole evening didn't make sense to me. I decided to wait and see what would happen, but for now, I was willing to play along. I hoped she was telling the truth.

"Sam, you silly boy, you've already promised me your cum for any other children. Why should I pay twice for the privilege? You must do better than that. What about the two slaves you own?"

"Okay, okay. I'll offer you Chantelle for a week, but her slavery to you doesn't start until tomorrow morning, so she gets to enjoy our two new pets first."

"Not good enough. I get to enjoy Chantelle on a regular basis anyway and Julia is fresh meat."

"Fine, Chantelle for two weeks and Marcia for seven slavery days, but again, it can't start until tomorrow."

"That's a very fine offer, Sam. You may have Julia for the night. I hope you enjoy her. Riyuki, release her."

"Yes, Mistress."

Even removing the ropes caused me to cum once more. I removed the blindfold and the ball gag. I knelt at Master's feet. "I'm sorry, Master."

He patted my head. "I know, slave."

Chen patted Master on the back. "Sorry, Scott. A Master gets to decide who and if his slave fucks," he paused, "unless he sells her. Tough break."

The lesson Chen learned, taught to Master. I stood and went over to Master Sam. He already had a nice erection. He had two new slaves to fuck. Sam put his hand on my bottom possessively. He owned it now. He kissed me. Marcia and Chantelle took Lisa's hand and with Sam's arm around me, we went to his house.

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 35|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-35|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<i>This is a continuation of Weekend at Brianna's, (don't you love the allusion to Weekend at Bernie's) and the conclusion of Scott's sale of his slaves. This chapter contains lesbian sex, public sex, oral sex, and regular sexual intercourse. No STD's exist in this fantasy world.</i>

<b>Ch 35 - Weekend at Brianna's, Pt 2</b>

*****

SCOTT

What the fuck had just happened! What had I just done? I trusted that asshole, Sam. Everything was going so well and bang; somehow Sam ends up with both of my slaves for the night. Maybe I should have been more suspicious when Brianna clarified I was selling my slaves no matter who purchased them. Worse yet. I was supposed to spend the night in his house. I'd be just down the hall from where he'd be fucking my slaves, listening to it all.

And they'd be ready. Both had climaxed several times while displayed for sale. Julia climaxed again as Riyuki removed her Shibari bonds. She knelt at my feet.

"I'm sorry, Master," she said.

I patted her head. "I know, slave."

Fuck! What had I done? I hadn't even discussed what my plans were. All my slaves knew was I sold them to another man for the night.

Chen clapped me on the back. "Sorry, Scott." He threw my own words back at me. "A Master gets to decide who and if his slave fucks." He squeezed my shoulder. "Unless he sells her."

Julia stood up and went to Sam, standing with his two slaves. He already had an erection like a tent pole. It would soon be plunging into my two slave's cunts. He already had two of the most beautiful women on the planet. Why did he need mine too? He put his hand possessively over Julia's ass and kissed her, then put his arm around her and they all started moving to his house.

For a moment, I was seized by the impulse to attack Sam and strangle the impertinent bastard, then realized the two women with him were the same ones who'd trained Lucia. I'd probably take a thrashing and he'd still end up fucking my slaves. I was the prick who sold them. He was only the prick who bought them. I said I'd live with the results of the slave sale, and now, I wanted to change my fucking mind.

Dawn grabbed my hand. "Let's go sir. Time's a wasting. I want to feel your big cock inside me again." 

She started to drag me in the same direction as Sam had gone. There was a rock in the pit of my stomach. I felt sick, like I was going to throw up. I swear, it was worse than knowing they'd been raped, because I was responsible for it.

"Do you have anyplace else we can go?" I asked.

"We can go to my room, sir. It won't be as nice as yours, but all we're going to do is fuck."

I let her lead me away. We went to Dawn's room, rather small with a double bed in it. I was already naked, having spent most of the day that way. She tried for several minutes to arouse me, get me hard, but nothing was working. All I could see in my head were my slaves on Sam's new bed, legs bent double, up to their heads, his cock sluicing through their wet cunts, his slaves being licked by their facile tongues.

Finally, I stopped her. "I'm sorry. I don't think I'm going to be much good for you tonight. Have you got anywhere else you can go?"

"I can go to Lucia's room, sir, but I'm happy to stay with you, even if we don't fuck."

"I just want to be alone."

"I understand, Master Scott. I'll leave you be."

Master Scott. Not anymore. I was slaveless, at least for the night. Just plain, old, stupid, asshole Scott.

"Thank you, Dawn. I appreciate it."

She left and I was alone in her bed. I could smell her on the sheets. The scent of aroused slave with after notes of something floral she used to wash with or perfume. I was quite familiar with the underlying scent.

The slave sale had aroused more than just my slaves. I could hear the sounds of low female moans all around me. I tried burying my head in the pillow, increasing the smell of needy slave and floral shampoo. I cried, sobbing softly, unable to erase the images in my brain. I'd prepared myself before Julia's slavery started, and at least I'd been in control. I wasn't prepared for this. I'd lost all control.

I fell into a fitful sleep eventually, when the sounds died down in the depths of the night, the impassioned noises becoming less frequent.

******

I woke up the following morning with Julia sucking my cock and Lisa shaking my shoulder, talking.

"Wake up, Master. Pussy's fine for an appetizer, but we need prick too."

Julia lifted off my quickly rising cock with a devilish gleam in her eye. "We need a good fucking, Master." Her head quickly dropping down to resume what she started. I felt myself swelling rapidly.

"Haven't you had enough fucking?" I asked, still unable to erase the sight of Sam's prick driving into my slaves.

"Cunt isn't real fucking, Master," Lisa said. Julia nodding with my cock in her mouth. "Cock is real fucking. I spent the night with Lucia, though Dawn was with us too. I like her. She really is sweet. Dawn, that is. You know how Lucia is. Of course, you know how Dawn is too, don't you Master?"

"I thought you spent the night with Sam?" I said, bewildered.

Julia stopped sucking me again. She didn't need to anymore. I was hard anyway. She mounted my cock, sliding over me smooth as silk.

"Aahhh," Julia sighed, squeezing her Kegel's. "Nothing like a big cock in the morning. You were supposed to think that, Master. You got played."

"Where did you spend the night?" I groaned as she rode me, hard.

"With Brianna, Zoe and Monique; as I was supposed to. They weren't lying about Monique. That girl could make almost anyone a lesbian."

"Except us, Master," Lisa said as she straddled my face, my favorite fragrance in the whole world descending with her, a wet, juicy cunt.

I tried to say something, but couldn't, her soft, damp folds, filling my mouth.

"Less talking, more licking, sir," Lisa said, settling in. "Julia, you need to switch with me after your first orgasm."

"Of course. Anything for you, my sister slave," Julia moaned, setting a fast pace. "You were a very naughty boy, Master. Selling your slaves without discussing it with them first. I thought you were crazy, though I liked the trick you pulled with Chen. Julia is wearing his collar this morning, so that worked out just dandy. But you weren't supposed to share us with men anymore, without considering it for a week after you discussed it with us." 

I tried mumbling through a mouthful of fragrant cunt again. 

"More licking, Master," Lisa said, pinching one of my nipples.

"I heard your whispered discussion with Chen, sir, as Sam was buying Lisa. You're a devious shit. I'll give you that, but you still broke the rules. Oh, fuck, I'm cumming." Her pussy compressing delightfully over my prick as she spasmed. 

She rode her spasms through the end, never stopping her ride.

"Time to switch, Lisa."

Suddenly my face was swamped with a new cunt, with Lisa riding my staff. I busied myself with Julia's liquid folds.

"I appreciate how aroused you made us, Master," Julia said, "but it was almost wasted with the wrong man, and it was wasted with the wrong women. I should only be that aroused when I'm about to fuck you, not any other Tom, Dick, or Harry."

"Or Tammy, Donna or Harriet, either, sir," Lisa added, riding me faster, her breathing rushed, her tits flushed.

She climaxed, moaning delightfully as she did, once again bathing my cock in cum. When her palpitations eased, she said, "Switch," and they swapped places again.

As soon as Julia was mounted and moving, she continued. "Sam thought you were making a big mistake selling your slaves in open market, Master. He said, and I quote, 'Never risk your precious slaves where you don't have absolute control over the outcome,' end quote."

"What if Sam had just argued with his slaves or found out Marcia was cheating on him and wanted to get back at them," Lisa said.

"Or what if Chen was angry you'd purchased Janet and wanted to get revenge on you, sir," Julia said. "I was angry as hell at you when you bought her in front of him. I thought all my good work was wasted until I figured out what you'd done. Still I'm pissed you didn't discuss it with me first. I was her Mistress. Despite the fact you're my Master, you should have discussed it with me. If it weren't for the fact Zoe whispered to me before Sam 'acquired me', that a fix was in and to play along with whatever happened, I would have been devastated you sold me off."

I still couldn't say anything, my mouth buried in Lisa's cunt. I was getting closer to cumming, my hips bucking off the bed, trying to drive deeper into Julia. As soon as she orgasmed again, tightening over my cock, I sent a flood of cum into her.

"We should stop here, Master, because we're still angry," Julia said, climbing off and beginning to clean me and sucking madly to keep me erect.

"But we've never been ones to bite off our noses to spite our faces, sir," Lisa added, "and I still want you to cum in me."

Julia stopped sucking, "Amen, sir." Then, she continued. I ended up cumming in Lisa, too.

******

JULIA

Master didn't follow us into the house. We went into Sam's bedroom, his new Alaskan king bed, we'd built for him. He had us sit down on the bed.

"Christ, I can't believe how hard I am after that. Someone needs to take care of this."

Lisa and I got off the bed to suck his cock.

"Not you. Christ, I have my own slaves to take care of this."

Chantelle and Marcia both laughed and knelt on the floor to suck his cock.

"You two," pointing to us, "start making out and if you need to cum, make sure you're very loud in case Scott followed us over here."

Lisa and I looked at each other, still confused. 

"Hurry," Sam said. "I want him to hear you squeal in pleasure in case he's listening. Dawn will give us the okay when it's safe to send you off."

Still bewildered, Lisa and I got into a sixty-nine, screaming lustily when we climaxed, which took almost no time at all.

Nor did it take Master Sam long to cum down Marcia's throat, Chantelle licking him clean afterward. Sam got a text. He read it. 

"The coast is clear," he said. "Chantelle will take Julia to Mistress Brianna's for the night. Dawn is coming over to take Lisa to Lucia's room, which is what Scott expected to happen anyway, or something similar, anyway. He certainly didn't expect me to get both of his slaves."

"Where is Master?" Lisa asked.

"Dawn's room. He didn't feel like fucking and sent her away."

"Can't we go to him and let him know we're okay?" Lisa asked

"I think a little time for contemplation would be good for him," Marcia said.

"Can you tell us what happened?" I asked.

"We know the reason your Master didn't want you to remain slaves initially," Sam said. "He didn't want to see you with other men again, yet here he is, potentially allowing it to happen again. Of course, he thought he was safe working out a deal with the men involved, believing they could be trusted. I, for one, would never trust anyone else where the welfare of my slaves was concerned. It's crazy to do so. Look at them. I barely feel it's safe to trust them with other women. Everyone wants to fuck them. 

"Yet your Master took a blasé attitude towards your safety," Marcia said. "You are his most precious possessions and he was chancing your fate to relative strangers." 

Dawn arrived and stood quietly waiting for us to finish.

"I like Scott and consider him a friend," Sam said, "yet I'd be hard pressed freely leaving him with either of my slaves for a night. He hardly knows us, and even if his trust was not misplaced, he should know never to risk his precious property where he doesn't have absolute control over the outcome. He didn't. He only thought he did. He should have restricted the sale to women if he didn't want men to participate."

Marcia said, "I have to admit, we all liked his approach to the Chen/Janet situation, a slave in need of a Master, who didn't want to take a slave. I think he solved that problem. Yet he lost track of his own role as Master. Worse yet, he wasn't communicating his intentions or plans with you. The whole key to making your relationship work is communication. He gags you so you can't protest or question or even use your safe word. On his own path, his own plan, no explanation to you or Lisa. If he continues thinking like that, he risks both of you. Obviously, you're all free to do as you choose and if he chooses to share you and and you choose to be shared, it's your life, but he shouldn't make the decision for you."

"And you're not going to use us?" Lisa asked.

"No. We only wished Scott to learn the same lesson he was trying to teach Chen. Protect what you own and always make sure it's your choice who they fuck," Sam answered. "It's a hard way to learn a lesson and I hope he doesn't hate me tomorrow, but it's a good lesson, no matter who gives it."

Dawn said, "Lisa, please come with me. Lucia and I plan on enjoying your company all night. Lucia very much enjoys your company while she's staying with you. Yours too, Julia, but you're spoken for this evening. Lucia said Scott tried to impregnate her at your request. We all thank you for caring for her."

"She's caring for us as much as we're caring for her," I replied.

"She is something, isn't she?"

"Very much so."

Dawn led Lisa away and Chantelle led me to Brianna's room. She knocked and waited to be invited in.

Brianna told us to enter and we both stepped into the room. Brianna was stretched out on the bed, Monique between her legs, servicing her as a proper slave should. Zoe had on a strap on and was fucking Monique in the cunt. 

"Hello, dear. We've been waiting for you to join us. Why don't you take over for Monique. We want to take advantage of every moment of our night with you."

I nestled between Brianna's legs, liquid cunt greeting me, and Zoe pushed into my cunt with the strap-on. I climaxed again.

******

SCOTT

We met Brianna as we were coming out of Dawn's room. The double bed didn't really lend itself to post-coital lazing about for three people.

"I heard you had a rough night, Scott, but it looks like your morning greatly improved."

I supposed. If it weren't for the fact we'd cleaned each other off, cum would be running down all our legs. I was moving stiffly, as were my slaves.

"Did Julia really spend the night with you?" I asked.

Julia slapped me. Brianna smiled.

"Has your wife ever lied to you, Scott?"

"No," I admitted, rubbing my cheek. That stung.

"Have you ever had reason to suspect your slaves lied to you?"

"No."

"Then why would you suspect they would lie to you now? It's insulting, which is probably why she slapped you."

"I'm sorry, Julia."

"Don't make that mistake again, Master."

"Chantelle is holding breakfast for you at Sam's, since you missed our normal breakfast hours. I suspect you have a great deal to discuss."

I nodded. We really did.

We went to Sam's. He had some clothes on, more for my benefit, I think, than his. Though I would be inclined to rip his balls off, so he was wise not to tempt me. Marcia and Chantelle were still naked though.

"I apologize for any pain I put you through, Scott, no matter how temporary." he said, standing. "It's a rough lesson, I know. I appreciate you trusted me enough with your women to auction them off that way, but you took an awfully big chance on someone you barely know. I realize how dear they are to you. Your trust wasn't entirely misplaced as I would never do anything to harm them or you, but don't be that trusting when it comes to your slaves. What you told Chen was very good advice. Keep control of your slaves at all times. Trust in each other, talk to each other, don't make plans you haven't discussed in advance. I like you. Don't make a mistake like you did the first time around and ruin a perfectly good thing."

"Was everyone here in on this?" I asked. "The whole estate? I suddenly realize you might have been unable to pull it off without help?"

"Pretty much everyone, yeah," Marcia said, "except your slaves, Janet and Chen. I think your slaves pretty much sold it for us. Their reactions were normal. They thought you'd sold them. If no one but my Master bid on them, you might have been suspicious it was really happening. There was no way for you to outbid us. The three extra chips Dawn retrieved came from us. She had to appear to be trying to help you."

"I almost attacked you last night. I wanted to kill you. I trusted you. I couldn't believe what you were doing to me."

"As much as Chen trusted you?" Sam asked.

I had to admit they had a point. I'm sure there was a point last night where he wanted to strangle me. I made it good faster and he didn't have to stew all night thinking I was fucking his slave, but if he'd punched me right away before I'd had an opportunity to explain, I would have deserved it. 

"We tried to prepare for that eventuality, Monsieur Scott," Chantelle said. "It's part of the reason Monsieur stood so close to Julia. We hoped you wouldn't risk hurting her, but Mistress and I were prepared just in case. I think we might have calmed you down without hurting you."

I shook my head. "I can't believe you let me hang out to dry all night."

"Master," Julia said. "I'm glad they did. I was furious with you. The fact you would sell us as red silk slaves enraged me; allowing everyone to bid on us. What you did was wrong. You didn't even give us a chance to protest or use our safe word, gagging us. You made it quite clear to everyone we could be used fully by anyone who purchased us and would not renege if it was a man. I did not resent you adding us into the nyotaimori, nor letting Sam tie us, or even figging us, which is no worse than a severe spanking, but to sell us and Janet without a word of explanation or even a clue of what would happen was terrible. Do you have any clue how Janet felt being sold to you, let alone Chen? They're dating! If Sam had done anything less to you for your behavior, I'd still not have forgiven you. The only reason I have forgiven you is because I know how much you suffered."

"I tried to make sure a man wouldn't buy you," I said, looking at Sam again, who shrugged his shoulders.

"But you let us think one of them could. Even Chen. I heard your little conversation with him when Sam was purchasing Lisa. Chen made us think he might buy us, even though he only wanted Janet. You wanted the men to sell the idea they could purchase us. After all the trouble fucking other men caused you and the fear I could ruin our relationship if I ever did it again, you made me think it might happen again. It was horrible."

"And I'll apologize once more to you, Julia, and you Lisa, for playing along with Scott's idea. We wanted him to think everything was going according to his plan," Sam said.

"Julia is not wrong, Master," Lisa said. "As slaves, we cannot help becoming aroused by the thought of our sale, but with our arousal, came great fear. Fear you would look upon our arousal as a betrayal to you and hate us for it."

"I could never hate you," I said. 

"Yet you're ready to hate Sam and everyone else for merely pretending to take advantage of our arousal," Julia said, "which was not significantly worse than what you did to Chen and only with the goal of protecting our relationship, which they apparently care more about than you. While I know it was awful for you, I'm hoping he taught you a valuable lesson because I never want you to do it to us again. I wish you to shake his hand and make up and thank everyone here for caring enough for us, they'd bother to give you this lesson, just like the one you gave Chen."

Sam stuck his hand out. He hadn't taken advantage of my slaves, when by all rights he might have. I was the idiot who sold them. 

"Please, Scott. I do value your friendship," he said. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
I shook it. "Thanks for not taking advantage of my slaves."

"Marcia and Chantelle would have had my nuts if I tried. They were perfectly safe, I assure you. I sincerely apologize again for the pain you suffered last night. It may have made for an effective lesson, but I know it hurt you deeply."

I nodded, gripping his hand harder. Then I offered my hand to Marcia.

"You don't get off that easily, Master Scott," pulling me in for a hug. What the hell. I patted her ass. She laughed. "Touché."

"Monsieur," Chantelle said, hugging me. "Veuillez excuser notre maladresse. Please excuse our clumsiness if we hurt you in any way." I patted her bare bottom too. It made it seem more even. Sam smiled. He understood.

"Now, Master," Julia said. "After we eat, Zoe and I are going shopping. We have maternity garments to purchase. I shall try to keep a Master's prerogatives in mind as I pick out fat clothes. We shall probably play once or twice in the dressing room as we are both slave sluts, and dine out for lunch as we are women who need a lot of time to shop. As for you, Dawn will be coming by shortly. Since you weren't up to fucking her last night, she thought you might be in a better mood this morning. She and Lisa expect to drain what remains of your cum. Sam, Marcia and Chantelle have agreed to vacate their house so you can make them scream without embarrassment. I assume we're all good here now." She looked pointedly at me.

"Yes, we're good." I said.

"If it remains that way until we leave, I shall suck your cock on the way home. I intended to do it yesterday before the fiasco. I figured what was good for Chen, was good for my Master."

"I'll behave myself, thank the others, apologize to Chen, fuck hell out of Dawn and Lisa and be sure to ask about your activities in the dressing room on the drive home before you suck my cock. Anything else?"

Julia smiled at me. "No, sir. I think that covers it perfectly."

We adjourned for breakfast.

******

I was sitting around the pool, enjoying the view. Breakfast had gone well and I was pretty much feeling normal again. I didn't hate anyone, I'd spent two hours fucking Dawn and Lisa as well as watching them pleasure each other when I ran out of steam. I'd spoken to Brianna, thanking her for the valuable lesson and for looking after my slave last night. I'd purchased new slave jewelry for Julia. I was feeling pretty mellow, sipping a cold beer, more of them in a bucket of ice below my lounging chair. When Chen and Janet came out to the pool, I did observe a fancy new metal collar on her. Not visible was the one she'd received from Julia. It may have been my imagination, but I thought Janet was walking a little bow legged. I called them over and offered them a cold beer. Chen sat and Janet knelt beside him.

"Please, sir, may I have a beer?" Janet asked. "I've worked up a huge thirst this morning."

"You may have just one, Janet," her Master said.

"Thank you, sir." I handed her a beer.

I handed one to Chen too, smiling, and he twisted off the cap.

"Listen, Chen, I'd like to apologize for last night. I know for a few minutes there, you might have wanted to kill me, and deservedly so. I did receive my comeuppance, as I didn't quite play it straight with everyone, but I hope I didn't damage our friendship."

"It seems to have worked out well in my favor," Chen laughed, "and I'm reasonably certain I can find it in my heart to forgive you. I apparently needed the push."

"Did you have the collar engraved with something like 'Chen's slave', 'Chen's property', 'hot slut', or 'don't touch without permission'."

Janet blushed and Chen laughed.

"No, but it sounds like an excellent idea. I particularly like the 'hot slut' one."

Janet blushed harder, but she knelt a little straighter.

"I see your slave graduated to the next largest butt plug. You'll be fucking her ass in no time."

If you looked up 'blush' in the dictionary, Janet's picture would be next to it.

"Janet, if you're going to be a slave, you need to tone down the embarrassment you feel when Master's talk about you, or you'll be in a constant state of shame. We love to talk about our slaves."

"Yes, sir," she replied. "I'll try, sir."

"I was serious about taking some of Julia's assistance in learning how to handle your new slave. She has quite the insight into the slave mind, and for some reason, loves to dominate slave girls like Janet. She'll really up your game."

"Is this true, slave?" Chen asked. "She understands you?"

"Yes, Master," Janet acknowledged. "She's been an exceptional Mistress. Of course, I really desired a Master, but she does understand my need to submit."

"Because she understands her own, I think. It's what makes her an exceptional slave as well. Janet made a list of the things she hoped explore her regarding her submission. We'll give it to you so you can see what she wanted to experience."

"Like the fisting Thursday night?" Chen said.

"Yes, sir," Janet replied, turning a deeper shade of red. 

"It was quite interesting, Chen," I told him. "A couple of the other slaves thought they might enjoy the experience as well."

"Perhaps I'll watch the next time it's done to her." 

You could almost see Janet melt. 

"Master, before the list is given to you, I would appreciate the opportunity to revise it. Mistress made me realize some of the items on it may have been lingering effects of my demeaning relationship with my ex-boyfriend. He made me feel unworthy and unloved and unlovable. Some of the things on there may have fulfilled a need to be humiliated and degraded as I felt myself undeserving of a loving relationship."

"I hope you realize that whatever form our relationship takes, it will never mean I find you undeserving to be loved and cherished? I knew that much about you before deciding to become your Master."

"Yes, sir. Thank you, sir. You've always been a gentleman who treated me with the utmost of respect. I'd like to say sir, that I wanted to have sex with you before I did, but didn't want to seem like a slut. I didn't want to lose your respect because I wanted you so badly. Last night was heavenly, sir. I hope to serve you like that every night."

"Just at night, slave, or would you serve your Master like that whenever he chooses?" I asked.

"Whenever he chooses, sir."

"Right now, for example."

Janet smiled and blushed, seeing where I was going with my line of questioning. 

"If Master wishes to fuck me, right here and right now would be eminently satisfactory, sir."

"Why don't you show him how much you'd like to please him."

Without another word, she lowered the zipper on his shorts and released his cock. In front of everyone at the pool, she sucked his cock until he exploded down her throat, groaning. It took longer than I expected from my previous experience of Chen fucking slaves. She must have really worked him over good last night and this morning. And, she barely blushed doing so, a marked improvement.

******

Since Julia was gone and likely dining out at lunch, I fed Lisa at the table. I was happy to see Chen following my example, even finger fucking his own slave when they were done eating until she climaxed, clutching him and kissing him frantically as she did. Then they disappeared in his room some more. Not all activities needed to be carried out in public. 

Julia dragged in around three, an hour before I wanted to leave. She had a half dozen shopping bags in her possession. She and Zoe were laughing and giggling hysterically. 

"You do realize I still want you naked most of the time, don't you slave?"

"Of course, Master. But I still need to go grocery shopping, to the bank, the doctors, have guests over, plus I got some which fit me now, and those that will fit me when I'm bigger."

"What were you and Zoe laughing like hyenas about?"

"We were bad girls, Master."

"Bad how? Shoplifting? Are the police going to show up and arrest you?"

"No, sir. On the drive this morning, I told Zoe how you made me seduce a shopping clerk when I first became a slave, then she dared me to do it again. Of course, I had to accept her dare, but only under the proviso she do it with me. We made a contest of it. We both had to seduce a clerk and whoever did so first, won."

I laughed. So did everyone else who heard the story. "Who won?"

"Zoe did. She is the more accomplished lesbian, Master. Of course, I thought I could seduce a man faster than she did, but I respect my Master's boundaries, so we decided to forgo the challenge."

"That's good," I said. "What did Zoe win?"

"A double cunt licking, sir, payable in the next store's dressing room. I've already paid up. I'm not sure we're welcome back at the store. She was quite loud when she climaxed."

Which Zoe confirmed with a smile. Brianna shook her head. "My attorney, for God's sake. Have you no shame, slave?"

"No, Mistress, for which I apologize."

"Lisa, since you know where Lucia's room is, would you please inform her we need to leave at four. Where's Chen?"

"He still hasn't come out of his room after lunch, sir," Lisa replied.

"Julia, why don't you inform your former slave and her new Master we need to leave at four, and ask Chen if we can stick some of your shopping bags in his trunk or back seat. We won't have room in the truck cab and they'll blow out the back if we stick them in the bed."

"Yes, Master."

"Hopefully the trip home is much less eventful than the trip here."

Many of the residents gathered to see us off before we left. Even Chen and Janet were receiving a lot of hugs and kisses from everyone as they'd enjoyed the nyotaimori and the slave auction and Janet's part in it. Before we left, I made Julia kneel and put her new metal slave jewelry on in front of everyone.

"Do you agree to accept your bondage and submit yourself to me until you die, slave?"

"Forever, Master."

"I promise to be a better Master than I was this weekend. The same goes for you, Lisa. I realize I was wretched and it won't happen again."

"It wasn't a total waste, Scott," Sam said. "We saw how aroused it made everyone. We're thinking of instituting a regular slave sale around here, where slaves may be bought and sold. We'll just make sure they can't be purchased by anyone we don't want fucking our slaves."

I laughed. "Amen to that. Get up, slave."

She stood and I pulled her into my arms, kissing her. She melted against me, filling my arms and heart equally. I pulled Lisa into our hug and we all kissed. 

"Is everyone ready to go?"

"One moment, Master Scott," Lucia said.

She hugged and kissed Dawn, her best friend, then her Mistress.

"Thank you, Mistress, for allowing me to go with Scott and attend to my medical needs. I love you more than words can say."

"You're welcome, Lucia. We would do anything for you. You're a huge part of our family."

It really was a family. I'd never seen a group of people as close as they were outside of a family. Even Chen was impressed. I think it made him realize that owning a slave might not be such a bad thing, if he still entertained any doubts.

******

JULIA

I went shopping with Zoe after it seemed Master had reached a peaceful resolution regarding the events of last night. Zoe was good company and we were enjoying the drive to the first store she wanted to go to. 

"This reminds me of the first time Master took me shopping after my slavery started," I said, "going bare assed beneath my skirt. Worse yet, Master told me I had to seduce a sales clerk sometime during the day. It was easier for him for me to have sex with a woman than a man. I should have tried to do it at the first store we stopped at; a sex toy shop. It would have been easier, but I was so scared, I had to work myself up to do it. 

"It was only the second time I was ever to be with a woman. The first was Mistress Dark, when she was training me to be a slave, and Master how to punish me. That time, I had to do nothing but follow the directions of Mistress Dark. This would be the first time I ever tried to seduce a woman. I was so nervous. Then the second store we went to was a high end Department Store and the clerk waiting on me was an older woman who was the head of the woman's department, named Gwen."

"What happened?"

I told her how I managed to seduce Gwen, the playful teasing, admitting to her I was my husband's slave and I wouldn't be allowed to cum unless she would allow me to lick her cunt.

"Fortunately, she was having sexual difficulties with her impotent husband and hadn't had sex often the past few years, so she succumbed to her need and allowed me to lick her, though she refused to do the same for me."

"Would you do a seduction differently now?" Zoe asked.

"Probably. I'm more confident as a slave now. I might be more direct."

"I dare you to seduce another sales clerk."

"I don't have Master's permission to cum with anyone but you."

"You don't have to seduce her into licking you. You only need get her to accept your caresses."

"I won't do it unless you do it also."

"Let's make a contest of it," Zoe said. "We both need to seduce a sales clerk and the one who does it faster, wins."

"Wins what?" I asked.

"Two licked orgasms, at the next store."

"Do we have to do it both at the same time?" I asked. "Most stores don't have that many clerks anymore."

"Timed. From the time the clerk begins helping us to when we start licking them. You have to note the time on your watch you start licking her."

"You go first, so I know you don't wriggle out after I've done it. Leave her cum on your face long enough for me to verify you've pleasured her."

"You don't trust me?" Zoe teased.

"Not when it comes to me licking you to two orgasms."

Zoe laughed. "Deal."

We went to the first place, which was another department type store which Zoe said had a very nice selection of more sexy maternity clothes. We both started looking at clothes. A clerk came to help me and I said I thought the other girl had come in first. She thanked me and started waiting on Zoe. I noted the time on my watch. It took several minutes for Zoe to bring her clerk to the changing rooms. Fifteen minutes went by and the clerk came out, hurrying towards the ladies room. Zoe stuck her head out long enough for me to see the glistening fluids around her mouth before closing the door to clean up. Twenty minutes from start to cum. Not bad. She was making it tough for me. 

This couldn't be a slow seduction, that's for sure. I waited for Zoe to come out. 

"What's the damage?" I asked.

"I started licking her at 11:12," Zoe replied.

"Eleven minutes. Not bad. I'm surprised it took you so long to make her cum."

"I was too. As excited as she seemed to be to start, it took a long time for her to cum. Perhaps it was because she was scared to do it at work. Now, you can't seduce the same clerk. We already know she'll be easy. You have to start with a new one."

"Okay."

I tried to pick out someone who I would enjoy seducing and looked like they might succumb fairly easy. I found a lady of about my age who looked sophisticated enough she wouldn't necessarily be upset to be approached by a woman.

"Excuse me, Ms. Summerlin. I was wondering if I could get some assistance in one of the dressing rooms."

"Of course. Do you know the sex of the child already."

"It's a boy."

"How wonderful for you. Are these the items you're interested in?"

"Yes. For now."

She led me to an empty dressing room.

As soon as the door closed, I said, "Can I be completely honest with you, ma'am?"

"Of course."

"I'm a submissive, as is my friend, and our dominant's have told us we must seduce a sales clerk while we're here. My friend has already done so with one of your other clerks and I'm competing with her or I'll be punished. Would you be terribly upset if I licked you to orgasm?" 

So I lied a little. It wasn't our dominants and the punishment wasn't more than having to lick Zoe to two orgasms and that was hardly burdensome. She stared at me for a few moments.

"Are you a cop?"

"No, ma'am and having sex in a store isn't unlawful unless one of us receives money for it. My friend is an attorney. I will still be buying these clothes as I need maternity clothes and it's not a condition of this transaction."

"Do you work for corporate security?"

"I'm self employed making bondage furniture for dominants. I don't even work in LA. I'm visiting from Fresno. I know this is an unusual request, ma'am, and I'm not requiring you to have sex with me in return. All you need to do is part your legs and let me give you an orgasm. You don't even need to remove your underwear if I can push them aside, only your pantyhose."

"I've never heard such an outrageous request in my life!" 

"I'm not surprised, ma'am, but look at me." I raised my dress over my waist. "I am a true submissive. My Master doesn't allow me underwear at all. Please, ma'am. I don't want to be punished. I promise this is nothing more than what I've asked for and I've become quite good at licking women as I have a sister slave I must satisfy."

She stared intently at me, wondering if I was telling the truth. Time was ticking away. I didn't dare risk a glance at my watch. I looked at her with the most innocent expression I could maintain. Finally, she sighed and said, "Very well." I'm not sure it was my innocent expression, or the note of pleading in my voice, or the consistent use of the word ma'am to denote my subservience. She had to remove the belt on her dress, raise her dress slightly, then push down on her pantyhose. I glanced at my watch as her face was concentrating on her clothing. Ten minutes. I might win this thing. She pulled down her panties and I stared at her bush. Despite the circumstances, she did appear to aroused by the situation, but she'd only pushed her hose down to her knees and she couldn't part her legs enough for me to get my head between them. 

"May I help you with these, Ma'am?" I said, frustrated I couldn't start immediately.

"Please," she replied.

I rolled them down to her ankles and she could finally spread her legs far enough apart I could reach her pussy. I wrapped one arm around her waist and my left arm under her legs so I could check the time as I started to lick. 

Twelve fucking minutes. I sighed. This wouldn't be the last cunt I'd lick while shopping. Zoe won. I did do the very best job I could and she climaxed in six minutes, biting one hand to keep from moaning as she orgasmed, while her other held me by the hair against her crotch as she bathed my tongue in her cum.

When she sighed through the final tremors of her spasms, I said, "Thank you, ma'am, for granting my request. Please ring these clothes up for me. I'll be out to pay in a moment. I must prove to my friend I pleasured you."

I knelt on the floor at her feet while she rearranged herself to look presentable. She stepped out after risking a quick glance around. I was the one with cum on her face, not her. I showed myself to Zoe, then closed the door, removed a tissue from my purse and wiped my face and reapplied my lipstick, smeared in her pussy juice.

I stepped up to the cash register and paid for my purchases, nonchalantly regarding the woman whose cunt I'd just licked. She appeared more embarrassed than I, but I was used to such behavior by now and she was not. Zoe paid for hers as well.

Before I left, I said, "Thank you again. Remember me fondly as you fall asleep tonight."

She blushed. I hoped she'd masturbate to me tonight. I wondered if she was married, and if she was, would she confess to her husband.

As we left the store, Zoe asked, "Eighteen minutes from start to finish. Did you win?"

"I'm afraid not. Twelve minutes before I started. Her pantyhose got in the way and delayed my start. She climaxed quickly, though."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
Zoe laughed. "Thank you for your honesty. Let's get a bite before we hit the maternity store, my treat."

"Something light. I had a late breakfast."

We found a nice little place to dine and I ordered a salad and water. She ordered Pasta Primavera and a glass of wine.

"Was Scott mad about last night?" Zoe asked.

"He was, but he got over it once he found out I spent the night with you, Monique and Brianna instead of Sam. It took a little persuading though because he had to worry all night long. I informed him I'd still be angry if he hadn't suffered appropriately enough. I'm sure Dawn and Lisa will fuck the last remnants of his mad on away before they're done."

"Can I say how much I admire you and your willingness to serve your Master. Making arrangements for him to have company when he was here for school. Allowing him to help Lucia to the point of letting her have his child. It's impressive."

"You know, it's funny. If Scott had fucked even one other woman before my slavery started, I would have divorced him. Marriage seems more like an ownership thing. And perhaps it's fear of what can happen to your marriage if your spouse strays. Being owned has completely altered my perspective. Now my world revolves around serving my Master. Anything which I can do to serve his needs seems right and perfect. Yet in the process of serving him, I feel more complete, more satisfied, happier in my role. The sex is better, my life is better, I'm more content. I wouldn't have imagined it could be this way when we started. It was mostly an experiment to satisfy my curiosity, but I wouldn't trade it for my old life at all."

"How did Lisa become involved with you two? Were you lovers previously, swing with her? What happened?"

"She was my next door neighbor and best friend, but I never even kissed her before our slavery except for pecks on the cheek. I was the prize during a poker game which Lisa played with Master and several friends. I had to provide oral pleasure to the winner of each hand. Lisa was intrigued at my service and decided to participate in receiving my oral services. It was the first time I ever licked her cunt. She also bid on my services at the conclusion of the game with the poker winnings. The following day, she asked to join me in my slavery to my Master."

"And you let her?"

"She was my best friend and quite unhappy with the state of her life. I was already beginning to realize the extent of my submission. Loving her the previous evening had not offended my sensibilities. It was another part of being Master's slave. Master enjoyed watching us together. I decided I would have no problem if she joined us, and might even enjoy her company. Master refused to accept her service at first, thinking she might only want to fuck him because she was lonely and desperate. He sent her for slave training first, to see if she could really accept being a submissive. She passed his test and joined us."

"You love her, don't you?"

"Nearly as much as Master, but she was my friend for many years before she became my lover."

"You also enjoy making love to me, do you not?"

"More so than many others."

"Why?"

"Because you loved my Master in college. I think it's fun we both loved and fucked the same person."

"It's one of the reasons I enjoy you. I love fucking Scott's wife. Lisa is beautiful too, but it's not quite the same."

"In addition to knowing you'd fucked him before and could probably tolerate fucking him again, it's one of the reasons I wanted you fucking him when he visited. That I'd been with you so recently, it was almost like we'd be sharing him. The only thing better would be fucking him together." 

Zoe smiled. "I think I would enjoy that too. I would need my Mistress's permission, but it could be fun, both of us fucking Scott at the same time, then fucking each other."

"And pregnant on top of it. Two pregnant women, with close to the same delivery date. Perhaps it could be arranged if I promised your Mistress I would spend another night with her."

"I'm sure she'd be pleased. She enjoyed last night."

"As did I. Monique is the perfect lover of women. She's very good." I clicked glasses. "A toast to lovers of Scott," and Zoe added, "and Scott's women."

"I'll drink to that." She smiled again.

******

After lunch, we went to a maternity shop, for plainer clothes, nothing stylish, but all comfortable. We picked out what we wanted. Together, we went into the changing room and Zoe removed her blouse and skirt. I knelt on the floor in front of her and provided her with her winnings from our contest. It was a slow seduction. I tried to remember what Monique had done to me last night. But I did it slowly, building up, seducing her as Mistress Dark had first taught me, not touching her intimately until she was seething with lust. When she was ready to explode, my fingers went inside her, scraping lightly on her g-spot and I sucked her clit. She was not expecting it and screamed as she orgasmed. I'm sure there were surprised shoppers and a clerk quickly ran up, knocked, and asked if everyone was all right.

"I'm fine," Zoe said, panting. "I just received some surprising news on my phone. It startled me, but I'm fine now."

I smiled up at her, my face awash in her cum. 

"Are you sure? Do we need to call an ambulance?"

"No, no. Seriously. I'm fine. Couldn't be better," Zoe said. I leaned forward and licked her cunt again. She started, but managed to keep from moaning. More than fine if I had anything to do with it.

"Please let me know if you need further assistance, ma'am."

"I'll do that. I won't be but a minute more. Thank you."

She sighed as I lapped up her slit again. She didn't make nearly as much noise the second time she orgasmed. I finished up and carefully wiped my face and applied lipstick to my lips. Zoe carefully straightened her clothes and we walked to the register together. The clerk looked at us oddly as we paid for our purchases. We maintained our looks on innocence, but I couldn't help smiling a little. 

"You have a nice day now," the clerk said.

"I've already had a wonderful day," I replied. "It's started out well and just gotten better."

"Yes, Mrs."

"Thanks for your help."

******

We went back to the estate. As we went into the house we were laughing like loons thinking of our day. Master wondered why we were laughing so hard. He made a comment about the number of our purchases, then asked about our laughing and carrying on. I gave him a brief rundown of our morning. Everyone laughed. Master wasn't mad, but I had told him Zoe and I might play around in the dressing rooms, so he wasn't surprised.

He sent Lisa to round up Lucia and me to find Chen and Janet. Zoe pointed me towards the guest room. I knocked on their door.

"Hello, are you decent?" I asked.

"As decent as most people get around here," Chen answered. "You can come in."

I opened the door and Janet was riding Chen. The look on her face was beautiful and pure and impassioned. Her collar was flashing in the afternoon light streaming through the window as she rode him, up and down. I was a little surprised, but not greatly so, he'd told me to enter. We'd seen much more of each other at times. Just last night, for instance, he'd seen me in great detail. At least his cock was buried in Janet, though I was intimately familiar with it being in me in the past.

"I'm sorry, Master thought we should leave around four. He thought you should know. He was also wondering if we could put some of our packages in your car, the trunk or back seat. He's concerned they'll blow out of the truck bed."

"We'll be ready and I have no problems with sharing my trunk space."

I paused a moment. "I'm very happy you found each other. I just wanted to tell you that. You both deserve any happiness you find with one another."

"Thank you, Mistress," Janet said, still rocking.

"I'm not your Mistress anymore, Janet. You've found a new Master now."

"Scott suggested you might continue to train her and teach me what every Master needs to know about caring for a slave," Chen said. "I'd be honored if you help."

"I appreciate that, sir. I'm willing to help in any way you think I can be of assistance. But Janet, you mustn't call me Mistress anymore. You can call me Julia, and if in the course of your training we feel something else is needed, we'll come up with a title then. I'm sorry I've disturbed you. Be well."

I ducked out. We didn't have much to pack, but the packages I'd purchased and one very small bag of traveling clothes for all of us. Even Lucia didn't carry as much with her this trip. One bag instead of two, since she didn't need to see the doctor as much and she certainly didn't require clothing around the house. I promised Master I'd give him a fashion show when we got home and he could see how well I did finding the right attire for a pregnant slave. 

On the way home, I gave them all the intimate details of my shopping spree with Zoe. Every last detail. When I finished, Master had a raging hard on. It was my responsibility as the front seat slave to relieve him of this impediment to his comfort, which I did, nice and slow. The warmth and saltiness of his cum a welcome and refreshing change from all the girl cum I'd swallowed on this trip. I let it ooze into my mouth as the first frantic spurts ended, savoring the taste. Even after it quit supplying nourishment, I treated it like a pacifier and I nearly fell asleep with his cock in my mouth. 

I'd gotten so little sleep last night and I was so comfortable with his prick inside my mouth. As Lucia was our guest, Master gave Lisa permission to pleasure her and be pleasured in return. Only the sounds of Lucia and Lisa finger fucking in the back seat kept me awake. I guess they liked my story too. Only stopping for a quick bite at a drive through slowed their seeking pleasure in the back seat.

******

We arrived home, Chen pulling up a few minutes after we did. We unloaded my packages from his car and I kissed my former slave and Chen goodbye. I suspected she'd be spending much of her time at her new Master's now, but I'd get to see her at work. Master asked Lisa if she'd be kind enough to spend the night with Lucia since he'd fucked her and Dawn earlier. Lisa had no objection. I suspect they wanted to finish what they started in the car. I kissed them both good night as well.

"Master, I apologize, but I didn't get much sleep last night. Could we delay the fashion show until tomorrow night?"

"Of course. Do you want to sleep?"

"Not before you give me a good fucking, sir."

"I'm happy to help with that."

My dress went into the dirty clothes hamper as did his clothing and I finally had him naked again. I quickly sucked him to an erection, then rode him, cowgirl fashion. Riding him and doggy style were becoming the most comfortable positions for me with my belly starting to swell. It put the driving up to me and I climaxed four times, each nicer than the last before he gave me his offering. 

After, we cleaned each other off, and I climaxed twice more, though Master was done for the night. We lay quietly in post-coital bliss.

"Zoe and I both agree we get off on sex with each other because of our connection to you, Master. I told her the only thing better than fucking her before or after she'd fucked you would be fucking you together. She thought her Mistress might conceivably allow it if I were willing to spend another night with her and whoever else she chose, hopefully Monique."

"You'd both like to fuck me at once?"

"Just like we both fuck Lisa. There's an emotional kick there that doesn't exist with anyone else."

"I'd certainly be willing to consider it."

"You get off on bagging pregnant women, then."

He laughed. "Some pregnant women."

I was lying in his arms, getting ready to drift off, when he said, "I want to say I'm sorry again for last night."

"Since I wasn't used by another Master last night, I accept your apology, sir."

"Would you have liked fucking Sam?"

"Are you asking if I would have responded sexually to being fucked by him, or whether I wanted to?"

"Either, or both."

"Master, I wish to be perfectly clear to you. If Sam had chosen to take me, I would have enthusiastically and with great pleasure, fucked him or Marcia or Chantelle, individually, or all at once. When we reached his room, he had an erection and said someone had to take care of it for him. Both Lisa and I dropped to our knees to suck his cock without another word. He stopped us, telling us he had his own slaves to take care of it and Marcia and Chantelle took care of him. He told Lisa and I to pleasure one another and scream loudly when we climaxed in case you came to the house and were listening.

"That's not to say that I wanted to be sold to him. I did not. I don't want to be sold to and fucked by anyone other than someone we've both agreed can fuck me. I don't want to be sold to anyone you don't want me sold to, or anyone for any reason or purpose which might cause me to spend more than one night away from you. But, let's be clear. I am a slave, and I'm positive I would have cum hard if Sam fucked me. My sale aroused me. He's a Master and I respond to dominants. I responded to Brianna last night. I respond to Mistress Dark. I pretty much respond to anyone who wants me. 

"I'm aroused by my slavery. I will cum for anyone. If I were conscious when Jack raped me, I might have cum for him. I am a slave. We both know that now. Don't expect me to act as anything other than a slave. You're my Master and you have the control. If you maintain your control, I will only cum at your direction, but don't think for a second I won't cum for anyone else you relinquish control to, whether it's Sam or a delivery driver or a stranger off the street. I'm a sexual animal now. I will respond sexually to people. Don't surrender your control and you need never worry about me."

"That's blunt."

"It's meant to be. I don't need to be with anyone but you and Lisa; and I only want you and Lisa, but don't confuse want and need with desire and enjoyment. Don't expect I won't enjoy fucking anyone else. I will. You gained a slutty slave when you accepted my slavery; one who is always wet and will fuck or suck you at the drop of a hat with great gusto. But when you gained the delicious, slutty slave, you lost the sedate, faithful wife who would be aghast at fucking anyone outside my marriage. You need never fear as my Master, that I'll fuck anyone you don't give me to, but I'll enthusiastically, and with great enjoyment, fuck anyone you do give me to, accident or not. I can't be clearer than that. I'm yours to control, but don't surrender control to anyone else, or I'll disappoint you."

My Master was silent for a long time and I thought he was asleep. I started to drift off again.

"I'll never surrender control again," he whispered.

I snuggled deeper into his arms and wiggled my buttocks into his groin. "Thank you. Good night, Master."

******

SCOTT

On the drive home, Julia gave us all the details of her day with Zoe. It was incredibly erotic listening to how they'd seduced two clerks, then Julia making Zoe scream in a changing booth. My cock was a steel post when she finished. She then gave me one of the greatest blow jobs of my life, slowly sucking me even when I had no more to give. Lisa and Luca had been excited by her tale of seduction as well and they were making out in the back seat like crazy.

We got home around 8:30, the traffic being worse than expected. Lucia instantly became more alert when we arrived and watched closely as we exited the car. Chen and Janet arrived shortly after and her new purchases were carried into the house. Lucia relaxed as soon as the door was locked and the alarm on again.

I asked Lisa to stay with Lucia tonight as she'd been well fucked earlier. She had no problems with it. Julia and I shed our clothes and Julia begged off showing me her new things as she hadn't gotten much sleep last night. I suppose satisfying three women all night long did take it's toll. I asked her if she wanted to sleep, but she said she wanted a good fucking first. That was clearly in line with my own priorities and I happily fucked her to several orgasms. We lazily cleaned one another off and she had two more. She was flogging a dead horse as far as I was concerned.

She told me she and Zoe discussed fucking me together, though it would probably require her spending another night with Brianna. Still, sounded intriguing. 

After that conversation, we grew quiet and she started drifting off, her breathing calm and even.

Despite now knowing nothing had happened with Sam last night, the images of him fucking my slaves which had fevered my nightmares last night, were still pinging around in my head.

I whispered to what I thought was her sleeping form, "I want to say I'm sorry again for last night." I really was. I never wanted my imagination to conjure up those types of images again.

She stirred. "Since I wasn't used by another Master last night, I accept your apology, sir."

I should have left it at that, but I had to know.

"Would you have liked fucking Sam?"

"Are you asking if I would have responded sexually to being fucked by him, or whether I wanted to?" Julia asked.

I guess both were what I wanted to know. I said, "Either, or both." 

She gave me more answer than perhaps I was ready to hear.

"Master, I wish to be perfectly clear to you. If Sam had chosen to take me, I would have enthusiastically and with great pleasure, fucked him or Marcia or Chantelle, individually, or all at once. When we reached his room, he had an erection and said someone had to take care of it for him. Both Lisa and I dropped to our knees to suck his cock without another word. He stopped us, telling us he had his own slaves to take care of it and Marcia and Chantelle took care of him. He told Lisa and I to pleasure one another and scream loudly when we climaxed in case you came to the house and were listening."

That was a part of the story I hadn't heard before. He wanted me to think they were being fucked, to make the lesson worse, and more memorable.

"That's not to say that I wanted to be sold to him. I did not. I don't want to be sold to and fucked by anyone other than someone we've both agreed can fuck me. I don't want to be sold to anyone you don't want me sold to, or anyone for any reason or purpose which might cause me to spend more than one night away from you. But, let's be clear. I am a slave, and I'm positive I would have cum hard if Sam fucked me. My sale aroused me. He's a Master and I respond to dominants. I responded to Brianna last night. I respond to Mistress Dark. I pretty much respond to anyone who wants me."

She continued, wanting to drive the point home. 

"I'm aroused by my slavery. I will cum for anyone. If I were conscious when Jack raped me, I might have cum for him. I am a slave. We both know that now. Don't expect me to act as anything other than a slave. You're my Master and you have the control. If you maintain your control, I will only cum at your direction, but don't think for a second I won't cum for anyone else you relinquish control to, whether it's Sam or a delivery driver or a stranger off the street. I'm a sexual animal now. I will respond sexually to people. Don't surrender your control and you need never worry about me."

"That's blunt." Though maybe I needed to hear it.

"It's meant to be. I don't need to be with anyone but you and Lisa; and I only want you and Lisa, but don't confuse want and need with desire and enjoyment. Don't expect I won't enjoy fucking anyone else. I will. You gained a slutty slave when you accepted my slavery; one who is always wet and will fuck or suck you at the drop of a hat with great gusto. But when you gained the delicious, slutty slave, you lost the sedate, faithful wife who would be aghast at fucking anyone outside my marriage. You need never fear as my Master, that I'll fuck anyone you don't give me to, but I'll enthusiastically, and with great enjoyment, fuck anyone you do give me to, accident or not. I can't be clearer than that. I'm yours to control, but don't surrender control to anyone else, or I'll disappoint you." 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
More than blunt. My slave was perfectly content to be my slave and only my slave, but if I surrendered control of her to anyone else, be willing to accept all the consequences, up to and including enjoying whatever fucking she received. I thought about that a great deal and how close I'd come to doing just that. I needed to be damn careful with my property or I could live to regret it. The pictures in my imagination could turn to reality.

At some point, I whispered, "I'll never surrender control again."

She wiggled her butt against my slumbering cock and pressed closer to my chest. 

"Thank you. Good night, Master," and in moments, was asleep.

My own didn't come quite so easily.

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 36|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-36|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<em>Our throuple has to leave their house after it gets shot up. They go to Mistress Dark's, much to Julia's dismay. This chapter has oral, anal, and lesbian sex, bondage and punishment. Julia shows Chen how Janet wishes to be treated.</em>

<strong>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 36, - Jack's Back, Pt 1</strong>

JULIA

When Master woke up, he tried to allow me to sleep longer, but I refused to put off his blow job.

"I have to work today, Master. I might as well get up now and if I'm getting up, I'm sucking your cock. If you feel sorry for me, you can lick my cunt and we can both cum."

He laughed. "Yeah, that would be great. I haven't tasted you since yesterday morning."

"And you were distracted fucking Lisa. You can concentrate on me today."

"Come here," he said, laughing again, "plant your pussy right here," he touched his lips. "I'll be happy to lick your cunt while you suck my dick."

I did. I climbed over him and settled my cunt over his mouth and before he sent his cum down my throat, I orgasmed three times. I made sure his cock was squeaky clean before I released him.

I sat up with a satisfied grin on my face. "Today is going to be a great day, Master. I know it."

"I hope you're right, Julia."

Lucia and Lisa were already up, breakfast started. Master fed Lisa so he could leave her with an orgasm as well. I was happy when Master left her squirming at the table. She deserved his attention too. When Master left after breakfast, Lucia was alert, which happened again when Janet and Reneé arrived. We'd all dressed as we needed to go outside to get supplies from Lisa's old garage.

We told Reneé that Janet had obtained a new Master, and they hugged a bit in celebration of the moment.

"That's so exciting, Janet! I'm so pleased for you. Chen is a wonderful gentleman. And if you do it full time, you'll be living right next door. This is great."

"Today, we need to cut the lumber for three new pieces, in the garage. Normally, we'd leave the garage door open so the sawdust doesn't build up and we can carry lumber here from Lisa's old place, without issues. However, we weren't lucky enough for Jack to get caught on Saturday, so Lucia will need to guard us getting the lumber from her old garage to ours, and we'll have to put the garage door down when we get the stuff here to cut it. It will be hot and sweaty work, and you may take a shower afterwards if you wish it. I don't think you should have to worry about our problems, so if you want to wait until we move some of what we need here, Lisa and I will take care of it."

"Don't you think it would be better if Janet and I did the heavy lifting. If he's only angry at you, wouldn't he leave us alone?"

"I'm not sure what his issues are," Lisa said. "He was angry at me because I wouldn't get back together with him, preferring to remain with Julia and Scott, mad at Julia because I'd become her lover. He's totally fucked up. Maybe he's angry at you because you're here too. Who the hell knows. We'd be terribly upset if anything were to happen to you."

"If you trust Lucia to keep you safe, we'll trust her to keep us safe. The more people working together, the faster we can lock up behind us," Janet said.

"He used to live next door, right?" Lucia asked.

"Yes," Lisa replied.

"Do we know if he still has keys to your place, Lisa?"

"It's possible. I never changed anything after he moved out. We only changed our security codes here after the incident."

"Where would he be staying after he had to abandon his buddies place?" Lucia said.

We looked at each other. Could he be next door right now?

"Let's call Detective Riley; get him to come over and check the place over, change the door locks and security codes," Lisa said. "It is possible he would have come here since he knows I'm not there anymore."

"Don't strip off yet, ladies. This may take awhile."

I called Detective Riley. It was early enough hadn't gotten tied down in something else and could take our call.

"Detective Riley, speaking."

"This is Julia Rivers, sir. Have you got any leads on where Jack is now?"

"Not really. We've been trying to track his phone, since the crime, but he seems to have shut if off and we don't know where he went off to after Saturday. Good catch on seeing you were being followed."

"That was Lucia who noticed. So you don't know where he is now?"

"No idea."

"We were just thinking that he might still have access to his old home, right next door. Lisa never changed the locks or security codes after they divorced and didn't bother changing when she moved over here. Is there any chance you could send someone over the check, and if there's no one there, we're going to have the locks changed and change the codes, so he can't go there."

"I'll be over there in an hour with a couple officers. Don't go outside until then."

"Okay, thanks." I hung up.

"Looks like we're stuck here until Detective Riley gets here. Would you like some tea or coffee, maybe something to eat?" I asked.

Coffee sounded good all around. I made a pot while Lisa called a locksmith to come over at eleven and change the locks.

"Call the security company and see if anyone has entered the place since our delivery last week?" Lucia suggested.

She made the call. They informed her the security system had been accessed four times in the last two days.

"Is it on now?" Lisa asked.

"It's on the owner gone setting," they replied.

"Thanks," Lisa said before hanging up.

"He's been there," Lisa told us, "but doesn't seem to be there at the moment."

"He can't park his car in the garage," I said. "Our stuff is in there. He must be parking someplace else and walking over."

"I can't believe the fucker was there last night," Lisa said. "I hate he might have been so close."

"Call Chen and let him know," I said. "It's going to be his place in a week. He might want to know and would wish to have input on the new security code."

That was Lisa's next phone call. She told him what happened. He must have asked if Janet was safe.

"Yes, Janet is as safe as any of us are. We're in the house with the doors locked and alarm system on. Lucia is alert and ready. Detective Riley is on the way over with police officers to clear the house."

More conversation we weren't privy to.

"I will tell her Chen. Thank you." After hanging up, Lisa said. "If after the police leave, we still feel unsafe, Janet can let us all into his apartment."

"For that matter, we could go to Jerry's," Reneé said. "His place is closer."

"I should tell Master," I said. "He's going to be steamed if Jack was next door last night."

"I'm steamed he might have been next door last night," Lucia said. "I should have thought of it earlier."

"You thought of it now," Lisa said. "You've kept us out of trouble three times now. You're only one person. The police should have caught him by now. I certainly don't hold you responsible. You're not a professional; you're only well trained."

"I feel a lot safer with you around, Lucia. I'm so happy you're staying with us until he's caught." I hugged her. "I feel like you're my guardian angel and I'll properly reward you tonight when it's my turn to keep you company." I kissed her as well, with feeling.

"Thank you."

I called Master. Might as well get it over with.

"Master, We think it's possible Jack spent the night in Lisa's old house since Saturday. We called Detective Riley and he's on his way. We don't believe he's there now, but we're going to change the locks and security codes as soon as the police clear the house."

"You're kidding?"

"No, the security company has recorded four entries or exits to the house since Saturday, and he's the only one who would have access anymore as we never changed Lisa's codes after she moved out."

"He kept a fucking key?"

"He must have copied it before he gave his to Lisa."

"Christ, that bastard is really pissing me off. Okay, keep me informed."

"Master, with the next order you phone in to Lowe's, could you order a storage shed sufficiently sized for our supplies. We need to vacate Chen's garage and I'd like to be able to start parking our vehicles in our garage again. I'd feel safer coming into the house through the garage than the door."

"I'll do it now."

"Thank you, sir."

It wasn't fifteen minutes before Detective Riley came with four other officers.

"The security company said the alarm system has been accessed four times since Saturday," Lisa said. "It's currently in owner vacant mode."

"What's the difference?" Riley asked.

"If the owner's present, it disables the motion detectors so we don't set off the alarm," Lisa said. "Owner vacant rearms the motion detectors. We've got a locksmith coming at noon to change the locks and we'll be changing all the codes as soon as they have so he can't get back in."

"Give me your key and the current code. We'll check it out."

Lisa handed him the key and gave him the four digit code.

"One of the officers is going to stay here for the moment. After we clear the house, he'll stay there until the locks and codes have been changed, then we're going to leave an officer in an unmarked car on the street. Hopefully, he won't know we've been here and will try to come back and we can nail his ass."

"Thank you, detective," I said.

"I just wish we'd captured him before now."

We offered the officer a cup of coffee while he looked after us. He took note of the gun Lucia kept handy, but he didn't say anything. Maybe Riley had said Lucia was someone to be depended on.

They left and twenty minutes later, Riley came back.

"Sure enough. Someone's been staying there. We found food wrappers and a sleeping bag in one of the bedrooms. That shit ball! Sanders, head next door and keep watch there until the locks have been changed. You'll keep watch from the street afterward."

"Jack can't park his car in Lisa's garage," Lucia said, thoughtfully. "We've got some building supplies stored in there. His car wasn't parked here last night. I would have noticed. But he wouldn't park too far away if he's got to walk here. You might want to check where he might be parking nearby. If it's a store or gas station, they may have security footage."

Detective Riley looked at her.

"Would you like to join the police force?"

"Thank you, detective, but I already have a job and I live in LA."

"Doing what?"

"Making jewelry."

"You should consider changing careers. You've got a head for this kind of thing."

"Thank you, but I'm quite satisfied with what I'm doing. I'm well provided for. We actually have to move some things from Lisa's garage to ours. Could someone stay while we're doing that?

"No problem. How long would it take?"

Maybe twenty minutes," I said, "if all five of us can do it."

"Get started. We won't leave until you're done."

We got busy and in eighteen, had everything we needed moved to our garage. Finally, we could get some work done.

"Detective Riley," I said, "Would it be permissible to offer Officer Sander's lunch when we eat?"

"That shouldn't be an issue as long as he remains alert."

"Thank you, ma'am," Officer Sanders said. He went next door and everyone else left.

We notified Master and Chen what the police had discovered and that there was currently an officer next door. We went into the garage and Lisa and I showed everyone else the table saw in the workshop there and how to operate it. We told Janet and Reneé to double check all measurements before making cuts and showed them the plans for the next pieces we had to build.

Master listed every board and the different sizes they each needed to be cut to. We started to measure and cut and carry down to the basement. Lisa and I made the first dozen cuts, then watched each of the others do it to ensure they followed the safety precautions and got reasonably confident in doing it themselves. They would need to become proficient in all areas of the construction, not just sanding, staining and finishing. We left our clothes on for the moment as we'd have to meet with the locksmiths and feed Officer Sanders.

As expected, it was hot and dusty work with the garage door closed. We didn't have air conditioning in the garage, so we all got sweaty and dirty. The locksmiths arrived and Lucia escorted Lisa next door. The officer stayed in the house until they rekeyed everything. Lisa changed the digital code and called the security company and gave them the new password. She told them her ex-husband may try to get the new codes and password and they weren't to give it to anyone else without her authorization.

When they were done, Lisa brought Officer Sanders to the house and we fed him a good meal, apologizing for our appearance, which was on the disgusting side by then. On the other hand, it was five, rather sexily dressed women, so he didn't have too much to complain about. When he'd been fed and watered, he went outside to the unmarked car and we all took a shower. We could work the rest of the day in our normal nude state.

Toward the middle of the afternoon, Janet said, "When are you going to allow me to experience some of the other things on my list?"

"I'm no longer in charge of your list, Janet. Chen is. He is the person to whom you must address these questions. He is your Master now. I'm merely a friend."

"Master does not yet know how to be a Master. He is an excellent lover. We have had sex often and I enjoy it. But sex is not the only part of being a sex slave. Master doesn't understand the nuances of my slavery the way you do. You need to work with him. I want him to be the perfect Master for me, even as I strive to be his perfect slave."

"Have you adjusted your list and shared it with him?" I asked.

"I have. Last night."

"What did he say?"

"He said he'd consider them."

"But you're impatient."

"I am."

"I always made you wait. I made you wait to cum. Why can't you wait. A good Master will play with you on his schedule, not yours."

She looked downcast. "I don't think he's making me wait to keep me waiting. It's because he doesn't even know if he wishes to consider them; if he'll do them. I understand he may not wish to do all of them, and I accept this. Not every Master is the same. If he chooses not to do some, it's okay, but I don't believe he knows what to do. You need to train him."

"I'm a slave and he's a Master. I can't demand to train him. Can't you speak to him? Tell him what you want?"

"If I tell him what I want, he won't be in charge. I'll be in charge. I want to submit, not dominate."

I think Janet could very easily be the most submissive of the sex slaves present in the house. I did not mind telling my Master what I wanted. He would not always give it to me, but I could ask. Janet didn't even want to ask. She wanted to be told. She was asking me to tell Chen he needed to tell her what to do.

"I'll ask him to come for dinner tonight and we'll discuss his role as your Master. I promise nothing. He's not obligated to listen to me. You've graduated to your largest butt plug, haven't you?"

"Yes."

"When you shower, cleanse your ass. Three times minimum. With any luck at all, he'll be fucking your ass tonight."

"Thank you."

"Don't thank me yet. You'll be sucking his cock clean afterward."

"Yes, Mistress."

"I'm not your Mistress. Don't call me your Mistress anymore."

"If I may interrupt," Lucia said, "I have a suggestion."

"I'm listening," I said.

"In Ancient Rome, there were slaves who trained other slaves. Because they trained other slaves, they had to be obeyed as if they were a Master or Mistress, even though they were slaves themselves. They held titles; Dominus, if they were male, Domina, if they were female. If you're going to help train Janet, let her call you Domina. It's different, and does not make you her Mistress, only her trainer. You won't be usurping Chen's rights as Master, but give Janet something to call you by, other than your name."

"Domina," I considered, listening to myself speak it. "I like it. You may address me as Domina, Janet."

"Yes, Domina."

"How much longer before Master Jerry has finished his classes, Reneé?"

"He still has two more weeks of classes."

"Would you like to stay for supper?"

"It sounds more fun than anything I had planned for tonight."

"Ask your Master if you have his permission to cum. I suspect Janet will be licking your cunt tonight."

Janet blushed. Reneé said, "I'm sure Master will enjoy hearing about how well Janet can lick cunt afterward, as we're fucking."

"Let me verify our plans with Master and if he's agreeable, call Chen and see if he's willing to dine with a bunch of naked slaves tonight."

Master had no objection, especially when he knew I would be helping Chen become a better Master for his slave. Chen was pleased to accept my offer of dining with us. On the whole, he was tired of eating alone so often. I asked him if he still had the leather collar and cuffs I'd given Janet when she first started training with me. He said he did and I asked Chen to bring them when he came over. After I made the arrangements for the evening, I told Janet she would be cooking the meal for everyone. I told her to go upstairs now, check the ingredients we had available for a meal and make a meal fit for her Master. Around five thirty, after the rest of us had showered, we'd assist the final stages of her meal and clean up, while she completed her cleansing ritual to accept anal intercourse.

"Yes, Domina." She disappeared.

"I think I'm going to enjoy tonight," Lucia said.

I could feel my cunt dripping. "Me, too."

We worked until five. Mistress Dark's bed frame, our next furniture piece was taking shape. With Lucia's expert help, we were getting into a real groove as far as the woodworking went. Even Reneé was catching on quickly, and she was the newest of us. At five, the rest of us showered quickly, then went in and took over from Janet, setting the table and cleaning the dishes.

"What did you make tonight, Janet?" Lisa asked, sniffing the air. "It smells fabulous."

"Coq au vin," she replied. "It will be done at six-ten as you requested, Domina."

"What else remains to be done?"

"Only a salad, Domina."

"We'll take care of the salad. Go make yourself presentable for your Master. When you remove your plug to cleanse yourself, wash it thoroughly, then reinsert it when you're ready to return. Your Master will remove it to fuck your ass. You will be back to the kitchen by six."

"Yes, Domina." Once again, she hurried away. Chen was lucky to have such a submissive slave, even if he didn't know how to use her yet.

We finished up the salads, set the table, set out some bread and butter. Everything looked perfect. Master arrived at 5:45, sniffed the aromas wafting throughout the kitchen, kissed his slaves, deferring his blow job until later as he knew we'd be working with Janet later and wanted to save himself. He went to shower and dress for dinner. I got some rope. Before Master returned, Janet came back. She looked fresh and clean and eminently fuckable. I tied her to one of the dining room chairs, her hands behind her back, thrusting up her nice tits, and her legs spread and tied to the rear legs of the chair. I put two napkins under her bottom as I expected her to juice easily from her bound position.

I thought about how I wanted to present her needs to her new Master. I would have to be careful. My own Master would be listening and who knew what he might gather from whatever I told Chen or Janet. On the other hand, there might be some things I would want him to know to enhance my own slave experiences.

Chen arrived promptly at 6:15, as I'd asked him. Lucia let him in, ever alert, as his slave was occupied.

"Good evening, Master Chen," I said. "We're so happy you could join us this evening for supper." He took note of his tied slave with upraised eyebrows and a slight smile. "Please pardon your slave for not properly greeting you. She's a bit tied up at the moment."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"I can see that."

"Please have a seat, sir. I'm happy to inform you your slave was responsible for our main dish tonight, coq au vin, and jasmine rice. We only prepared the salad. She wanted to impress you with her culinary skills to show you she was capable of more than sucking your cock."

Janet blushed again. She would be blushing a lot this evening. Chen said down beside her, giving her a quick kiss as he did so.

"Due to your slaves condition, it will be up to you to feed her this evening. Before we start, I'd like to ask you please refrain from touching your slave intimately as she's fed. I'd like to show you something."

"Of course," he replied, so polite.

I took a clean, dry washcloth and thoroughly dried Janet's cunt, even pushing it in her hole to absorb some of the fluids gathering there.

Finishing, I said. "Just for a second or two, feel your slave's cunt and tell me if she's dry."

She should be. I'd practically scraped skin off to dry her. Chen obediently touched her and announced that she was dry. It wouldn't stay that way for long, but he needed to see it for himself.

We all sat down for dinner and Chen fed his slave, while Master fed me. Master didn't have the same restrictions as Chen did and I climaxed twice during supper while sitting in Master's lap.

The meal finished, I asked Chen to inspect his slave's cunt once more.

"Is it wet?" I asked.

"Soaking," Chen confirmed.

"And you haven't touched her intimately while you ate, have you sir?"

"Not at all."

"You will find a wet cunt is the natural condition of sex slaves, sir. If you were to touch any of the other slaves at the table, you would find them the same. Show him, girls."

I didn't even bother showing him mine. I'd cum twice. Reneé, Lisa and Lucia dipped their fingers between their nether lips and showed Chen the evidence of their arousal.

"None of them has been sexually stimulated since showering after work, Master Chen, yet they're all wet, even Lucia, who's Mistress is not here. I don't know exactly why we're constantly aroused. I suspect it's because we know we exist for the pleasure of our owners and can be taken at any time they wish and must be ready at all times to be fucked. Lucia, you've been a slave the longest, what would you say?"

"Even I, who isn't fucking men, nor need to be prepared to fuck cocks, am always wet. Mistress, or anyone else can easily penetrate my pussy with a finger or three."

"Janet, do you enjoy fucking with your new Master?"

Janet blushed again, and looked down, unable to face us. "Yes, Domina. I do.

"What's this about? Why is she calling you Domina?" Master asked.

"Lucia told us that Roman slaves who instructed other slaves were called Dominus or Domina. They were to be obeyed like a Master or Mistress, but it signified they were still slaves. I'm no longer Janet's Mistress as another Master has claimed her, but if Chen is willing, I will continue to assist. But I got the impression something was lacking, isn't there, slave?"

Janet glanced hastily at Chen. "Be honest, slave," I said.

She hesitated, considering. "Yes, Domina. But it's nothing to do with his fucking."

"What is it then, slave."

"It's that he fucks me as just another man, not a Master, nor I a slave."

Chen looked at her, confused.

"Perhaps Lucia can partially explain, Chen. Her position is somewhat unique, isn't it Lucia, since your Mistress has so many slaves?"

"Yes."

"You don't get to spend much time with your Mistress, and due to it, you're freely able to seek out and fuck other slaves on the estate, aren't you?"

"Yes."

"Would you say you fuck other slaves maybe fifteen or twenty times more than you're able to fuck your Mistress?"

"That's correct."

"They're all well trained lesbians able to give great pleasure to women."

"Mistress ensures we're all well trained, yes."

"Is fucking any of them as arousing and pleasurable to you as fucking your Mistress?"

"Fucking Mistress is unique. Monique is easily the best cunt licker, but I receive more satisfaction from licking Mistress than from Monique licking me."

"Chen, I know you entered into this new relationship one sided. Janet is obviously a slave in need of a Master and you realized you could lose her to another when she was sold and put your collar on her because you care for her and didn't want to lose her. But you haven't dreamed of owning a slave, nor contemplated it, except briefly the last couple weeks. You've never read about it, and probably question why you would even want to own a slave like Janet, but the fact remains, Janet is a slave and you own her now, without much knowledge of slaves or your role as her Master. You need to start learning. You don't need to know about everything immediately, but you should understand what drives us, and it's not sex."

"It isn't?" Chen asked.

"Most of your exposure to us has been involving sex, so it's easy to think our primary motivation is fucking, but it's not sex, it's submission. Lucia is a died in the wool lesbian, who probably doesn't even much consider cock except when she's trying to conceive. Order her to suck your cock."

He looked at me, then Lucia, then Janet, wondering what she would say.

"Please, Master. Order her to suck your cock," Janet said, ending the speculation on his part.

"Lucia. Suck my cock," he said.

Lucia calmly got off her chair, knelt in front of Chen, lowered his zipper, pulled his cock out and calmly started sucking. She continued sucking until Chen bucked into her mouth and emptied his balls, Lucia continuing until she had sucked down every drop of his cum, then cleaning him off and tucking him away. She leaned back on her heels.

"Were you aroused to suck Master Chen's cock, Lucia?"

"Yes."

"Despite your fondness for cunt and disinterest in cock?"

"Yes."

"Because you're a slave and it was an act of submission?"

"Yes."

"Janet were you aroused to see Lucia suck the cock of your Master and lover?"

"I was, Domina."

"Why?"

"Because it was an act of submission on her part and served my Master, Domina. She didn't even want to do it."

"Despite my Master being my husband, I receive great satisfaction from helping to insert Master's cock in my sister slave's cunt, Master Chen. I love sucking his balls while he fucks her to provide more satisfaction to him. It's an act of submission which increases my pleasure. I provided for Master's sexual pleasure when he went to school in LA. It's not that I don't feel anything when he fucks other women. It's that the pleasure I receive knowing he's cared for when I'm not around him is greater than the pain I feel when he does. When Janet says you're fucking her like any other man, she's not saying you're an incompetent lover, she just realizes you're not fucking her like a Master. I would guess you do everything in your power to provide her an orgasm, don't you?"

"Why? She doesn't want me to?"

"You're making love to her, not using her. While you can still make love to her, it shouldn't be every time you have sex. It should be a reward for a special performance. Slaves have no problem having orgasms. I can have a half dozen while Master's fucking me, but it's not even because he's trying to give me one. He's just being my Master, which is all I require to cum for him. Instead of trying to give Janet an orgasm, tell her she can't have one. Tell her she can't have one until you have one. Release her hands, Master Chen."

Chen untied her hands. I could see he was thinking about what I said.

"Tell Janet to masturbate for all of us, but she cannot cum until she has your permission. She must stay right on the edge of release."

Chen gave the appropriate order. Janet began touching herself, quickly aroused to fever pitch by her subservience. From that point on, she kept herself on the edge, her nipples hard, her clit poking stiffly from it's hood. If you said boo, she'd probably cum.

"I believe it's possible Janet may be the most submissive of all of us. She doesn't even want to tell you what she desires, because it's removing control from your hands. She desires to be your toy. You now control all aspects of her sexuality, from who she fucks or sucks, to whether or not she can cum.

"She wants to be a perfect slave, but to be a perfect slave requires a demanding Master. If you don't give a fuck about how she performs, it's hard for her to be perfect. If she could be sucking your cock better than she is, you have to demand she sucks you better. She's no longer a girlfriend you need to worry about disappointing if you criticize her, she's your slave who wishes to serve perfectly. If you want her to fuck more energetically, order her to move faster. If you want her to slow down, order her to slow down. If she can't cum if she does, tough shit. She wants to serve you, not herself.

"Despite her blushing as she is now at having to perform for all of us, it actually increases Janet's arousal. Being used in public like this, while she finds it humiliating, also stimulates her. Although it makes her ashamed to be used thus, it also proves her love and devotion to her Master, which is rewarding to her. Is this not true, slave?"

"Yes, Domina."

"I'm going to have Chen fuck your ass now it's been prepared. Which will arouse you more, being fucked in front of all of us, or being fucked in private?"

"Fuck, I almost orgasmed, Domina, just being asked that question. To be fucked in front of all of you."

"Slaves, please help me clear the table."

Four slaves cleared all the dishes from the table and wiped it down. Only Janet remained seated, her legs still tied to her chair, her fingers still playing with her cunt. Chen was watching her with something like amazement in his eyes. He had not imagined the depth of Janet's submission.

"Master Chen, release her legs and bend her over the table. This slave won't even need lubrication before you fuck her ass. Just push your cock in her cunt and soak it in her juices. When you're ready to fuck her ass, pull out her plug and hand it to me. You still don't have permission to cum slave. Your Master will give it when he thinks you deserve it."

"Yes, Domina."

Chen had to kneel to release her legs. I know he could smell the scent of needy slave. We could all smell it now. For that matter, we were all needy. I was ready to feel a big cock in my cunt or ass. Janet's legs released, Chen bent her over the table, her breasts mashed against the hard surface.

"Do you need help getting an erection, Master Chen? Lucia can help if you do," I said.

"No help at all," he replied, releasing his cock, stiff and hard.

"Fuck your slave," I said.

Chen plunged into her pussy hard, the table rocking. With the one thrust, his shaft was soaked, though he continued thrusting another half dozen times. When he pulled the plug from her ass, it released with a sucking sound and Janet moaned. His prick moved from one hole to the other and her ring closed around him. He handed me her plug. I pushed it into Janet's mouth.

"Clean it, slave."

She moaned again and licked it clean. Chen was holding still for the moment, letting Janet get used to the longer tool filling her bottom. He couldn't hold still for long though. He started ramming her ass.

"God, please, Master, let me cum," Janet pleaded.

"Cum," her Master ordered, and Janet climaxed, immediately soaking the table, a squirter. At least this time. I'd never seen her squirt before. Chen didn't stop. He couldn't, wanting to fuck her harder and deeper.

"Master, help me get Lucia on the table in front of Janet."

We lifted Lucia on the table and pushed her pussy in front of Janet.

"Lick this cunt for the pleasure she gave your Master," I ordered.

Janet didn't bother responding, just licking the dish in front of her. Lucia was cumming in no time, grinding her cunt in Janet's face.

"Master, please let me cum again," Janet begged, moaning.

"Don't let her cum, Master Chen. She belongs to you now. You own her and every orgasm she has. Your slave should suffer until you cum."

"You heard your Domina, Janet. You can't cum."

"Neither can you, slave," Master said, bending me over the table in the opposite direction and fucking hard into my cunt. "Lisa, you're allowed to cum. You can do what you want."

Janet and I held hands and tried to hold out for our Master's. Neither of us made it, both of us cumming twice before they emptied into us. It was worth every swat I was going to feel, though. I screamed through both of them, earthquakes.

Master climaxed first, having forgone any previous orgasms today. He pulled out of my sopping cunt and Lisa licked him clean while Reneé cleaned me. I almost climaxed again, the wicked girl toyed with me. Reneé had watched eagerly and touched herself until she spasmed, now she attended to me. Poor Reneé didn't have her Master here. Lucia was temporarily here and Master would be her temp dominant but there was no one to care for her.

Reneé finally allowed me to stand, incapable of dripping on the floor for the moment. I got to witness Chen grunt, and practically climb up Janet's butthole before he surrendered his cum.

"Janet will clean your cock, Master Chen," I said. "She prepared herself for this today."

Janet quickly knelt on the ground and sucked her Master clean. He was nearly ready to fuck her again when she finished.

"This is how a slave wants to be fucked, Master Chen. This is what Janet was missing."

"I see what you mean," Chen grinned. "That was amazing."

"Master Chen," Reneé pleaded, "might an envious slave clean your cum from her asshole and give your slave another orgasm, sir?"

Chen looked at the poor slave without a Master and granted her wish. Once again, Janet was bent over the table as Reneé's facile tongue cleaned the cum leaking from her asshole, then drifted down to her pussy, cleaning her cum, giving Janet another orgasm.

While she worked, I said, "Of course, Janet must be punished for cumming without permission, Master Chen, just as I must be. She was less than perfect in her service to you, being quite disobedient by not obeying your command."

"I don't know how to punish a slave," he replied. "You're right. I don't know much about being a Master and seeing to my slave's needs."

"Master will help you with that," I replied. "He's very good at punishing slaves. He even learned the figging trick over the weekend. I'm sure it wasn't the last time I'll be figged, now he's discovered it. I would suggest we explore Janet's punishment tomorrow. I gave Janet one of my slave fiction books to read as homework last week. It does a very good job explaining the slave mindset and slave/Master interactions, which is why I provided it to her to read. You could examine the same book for a Master's point of view. We can explore one or more of the items from Janet's list before she's punished. Why don't you come for dinner again tomorrow? Discuss her list with her tonight and decide what you will explore with her."

"I don't want to put you to any trouble twice in a row."

"No trouble for us. Your slave cooked the meal tonight. If you wish, you may purchase food for tomorrow's supper tonight, on your way home. She can bring the food when she comes to work tomorrow. Or you could order carry out and bring it with you."

"Thank you. An excellent suggestion. I'll make arrangements one way or the other."

"Your slave would probably like another good fucking, Master Chen. Make sure she's obedient to your wishes and desires. Be stern but fair and you will have a happy slave."

"Thank you. You're a good Domina. Scott, appreciate it buddy. I'll talk later."

They left, Lucia immediately alert as they were leaving.

"Master, since you need to show Chen how to punish his slave tomorrow, would you like to defer my punishment until then to use me as an example?"

"Or, I could punish you tonight, and use you as an example tomorrow anyway?"

"As you please, Master." I smiled at him.

"I'll wait," he said, smiling back. "I have Lisa tonight. You spend the night with Lucia."

"I eagerly await your touch tomorrow, sir."

He laughed. "Goodnight, my beautiful slave."

"Goodnight, Master."

He took Lisa's hand and they disappeared into the bedroom.

"Reneé, would you care to stay for an hour or so, since your Master won't be home for awhile. Lucia and I might be able to provide you some attention before you leave."

"Thank you," she replied, "I'd enjoy that. I don't get as much pussy as I used to."

"Plenty of pussy here," I laughed.

"You're lucky to have both a Master and a sister slave. I was hoping Chen would be unwilling to be Janet's Master."

"Chen will be fine. He has a very fine slave and I'm sure he'll be very reluctant to give her up for any reason."

"Too bad for me."

"As long as you're an obedient and pleasing slave and your Master allows you permission to cum, I'm sure Lucia would enjoy your company most evenings after work. She enjoys cunt too."

Lucia laughed merrily. "Indeed I do, though Master Scott thoughtfully provides a slave for my bed each night."

She took our hands and led us to her bedroom where things were quite active for an hour.

******

SCOTT

Once again, I was impressed with my slave. Not only was she educating Chen; she was educating me. Seeing, and listening to her, what she told Chen, questioning and speaking to Janet, having Chen fuck Janet's ass over the table. It explained as much about her as it did Janet. When Chen started fucking Janet, I had to fuck my own slave. She was such a special slave. I don't know if I could have emptied more cum into her cunt than I did. It was like a hadn't fucked in a week.

I was also glad when she climaxed without permission. I wanted to punish her. I wanted to be the Master she talked about. The one fucking the slave, not the one making love to his wife. As much as I loved her, and Lisa, it wasn't her husband she loved at this moment, it was the Master.

She invited Chen to come tomorrow night as well, to explore another item off Janet's list and learn how to punish his slave. I'm sure tomorrow night would end up entertaining me as much as tonight had.

It was Julia's night with Lucia, and I was disappointed I wouldn't have both slaves with me tonight, but Lisa hadn't received much of her Master's notice tonight. I'd fed Julia and fucked her over the table after, and if Julia was right, and I had no doubt she was, Lisa would require some Masterly attention. I would be very demanding of her and expect perfection and too bad if she wasn't perfect.

Lisa was perfection; doing everything in her power to make me feel powerful and desired. I emptied myself in all three of her holes before we stopped. We were lying comfortably in bed after my last orgasm, preparing to drop asleep when Lisa's phone went off, a most annoying sound.

"Someone's breaking into my house," Lisa said, getting up to shut off her phone.

"You're not going over there," I ordered.

"No, sir. The police left someone outside. I'll let them handle it."

Even after she turned off the phone, we could hear the alarm faintly from next door through the walls, blaring loudly enough it could be heard by us. Which is what caused Julia and Lisa to come into the room.

"I'm guessing Jack," Julia said.

"I am too," Lisa replied. "He thought he had a place to stay and got thrown off by the new locks and security code. I hope they nail the fucker."

"We'd better put something on. I'm sure we'll have to answer some questions," I said.

We did so and approximately twenty minutes later, there was a knock on the door. Lucia looked outside and it was a black female uniformed officer, she told us, with another half dozen milling around outside. She stepped back with the gun behind her back and had me open the door.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"I'm Sergeant Meadows. Is everyone okay here," the officer asked.

"Yes, we're fine," I said. "Did you catch whoever did it?"

"I'm sorry, but no. Apparently, because he was unable to get in, he just tossed a cement block through one of the sliding glass doors and took off. We'll leave an officer in the house because it's open."

"I have a sheet of plywood in my garage. We could nail it over the broken door," I said.

"That would probably be best, in case of inclement weather. Which one of you suggested checking locally for his car?"

I pointed towards Lucia. "Our guardian angel."

"Is that a loaded gun you have behind your back?"

"Yes, ma'am," she replied.

"You don't take any chances, do you?"

"No, ma'am."

She laughed. "Detective Riley told us about you. All I ask is you be careful while we have officers around here."

"Of course, ma'am."

"Polite too. I like that." She turned to everyone. "We found where Jack's been keeping his car. When it showed up, the owner of the parking lot called us and we impounded his vehicle. He's running out of places to hide. To my way of thinking, this makes him more dangerous. Do you have anywhere else to go?"

"Not at this time of night," I said. "In the morning, I'll check with some other people I know. Part of the problem is having four adults here now. It's a houseful, and I don't want to split us up."

She glanced at Lucia again. "I can see why. Any chance of putting the plywood on tonight?"

"Give me a moment, I'll put some shoes on," I said.

"Do you need some help, Scott?" Lucia asked.

I asked the officer. "Any chance one of your guys can help me?"

"Sure. Burke, give Mr. Rivers a hand. He's going to board up the broken door so you don't have to worry about someone sneaking in on you."

"You bet, Sarge."

I slipped on some loafers and Officer Burke helped me slap a board up using a nail gun and six nails, three on top and three below. I got a key and the new code from Lisa and gave it to him, showing how to set it with the motion detectors off. I told him to drop the key back tomorrow when the shift changed.

Sergeant Meadows thanked me and wished us a good night. "You take care."

"We will."

All but a couple of the officers left. We locked up and set the alarm again.

"Master Scott, I'd prefer we stick together the rest of the night. Is it all right if Julia and I stay in your bedroom?"

"I'm never averse to naked women spending the night in my bed."

Lucia smiled. "Me either."

We stripped off once again and we all climbed into bed. It was going to be close quarters. I was really starting to look forward to the Alaskan King. My slaves slept on either side of me and Lucia curled around Julia. It was one AM and I was tired. It didn't take long to drop off.

******

At 3:30, I was awakened when Lisa dragged and Julia pushed me on the floor. Julia dropped down beside me.

"What the fuck!" I exclaimed. "What the hell is going on."

BANG, BANG, BANG.

Something went whizzing by my head, and a picture broke on the chest of drawers.

"Gunshots," Lucia said, crawling around the foot of the bed. "Keep down, someone is shooting into the house."

More shots were fired, most of them not seeming to hit our house, but a window broke in the living room.

"Jesus Fucking H. Christ!" I swore. "That sick shit. I swear I'll kill the mother fucker if I ever see him."

"Sergeant Meadows warned he might be more dangerous now. He's been driven out of his buddies house, now Lisa's, and even his car is gone," Lucia said. "Where has he got to go?"

"Why can't they catch him?"

"You live in a beautiful neighborhood, but it's big lots, heavily wooded, a hill two hundred yards behind your house," Lucia said.

"Jack was in the Marine Corps, Master," Lisa said.

"Why the hell did I not know that?"

"He got a bad conduct discharge, sir. It wasn't something he bragged about."

"Please tell me he wasn't a sniper."

"He wasn't a sniper, but he had a Marksman ribbon."

"Fuck!"

We heard what sounded like a dozen sirens bearing down on the house.

"The shooting has stopped," Lucia whispered. "Too many reinforcements to fight. We should probably dress again. They'll want to know if everyone is all right."

I gave Lucia one of my bigger shirts. Lisa and Julia put on some of their own clothes from the chest.

"Bullet hole," Julia said, pointing to a hole in the wood, second drawer down. "It knocked the picture off. Be careful, there's glass on the floor."

I slipped on a T and some shorts. Ten minutes went by and there was a knock on the door.

"That will probably be the police," I said. "I'm going to answer. Lucia come with me. Stay low in case he's still out there."

They knocked again. "Coming," I bellowed. "Give us a minute."

Lucia took position behind the kitchen counter with her gun aimed at the door.

"I'm opening the door," I said, "we've got a gun covering it. Don't shoot us and we won't shoot you."

"It's Sergeant Meadows again. My weapon is holstered."

I was still crouching on the floor and reached up to unlock the door. I opened it and pulled the door open. Sergeant Meadows and another officer came in and I closed it, locked it, then I stood and turned off the alarm system.

Meadows noted Lucia behind the counters. She had the gun sitting on the counter in front of her, close to hand, but not in her hand anymore.

"Is everyone all right?"

"Luckily. Lucia apparently had the girls awakened and me pushed on the floor before I even knew what was going on. Did you catch him this time, or better yet, shoot him?"

"No. He was on the hill in back of the house with a rifle. My officer's only had their hand guns until the cavalry arrived. This has been the worst fucking night shift I've ever pulled. I think I need to insist you vacate the premises, at least at night. There's just too many places to hide in the dark. I've seen this guys service jacket. Riley pulled it when we started searching for him. If you have nowhere else to go, I've got the name of a motel. You can get you a room on the inner courtyard so you can't be shot from across the highway."

"Let me get the others so we can discuss our options," I said.

Walking carefully to avoid the glass in our living room from a large patio window overlooking the back, I got Lisa and Julia, still sitting on the floor beside the bed.

"Come out to the dining room. The sergeant doesn't feel we can stay here. We need to decide what to do."

They both came out and sat down around the table. Lucia remained standing, but the Sergeant sat down.

"Sergeant Meadows feels we should leave. She doesn't think we can be protected here from a guy with a rifle. She said there's a motel she knows of where we might be safe. Any suggestions?"

Lucia spoke up from the kitchen. "We could go back to LA."

"I can't run my business from LA," I said, "as much as it would be the safest option. What about any of our parents places?"

"Jack has been to your parents and mine," Lisa said, "though I don't think he's been to Julia's."

"Mom and Dad only have a two bedroom apartment," Julia said, "and the spare bedroom is only a double bed. We might be able to squeeze in there, but I'm not sure we should put more of the people we love at risk. Jack knows my maiden name and met my parents. They're still in the phone book. He can find it without much difficulty if he's determined to find it."

"What about Jerry's, Chen's or Regina's places?" I asked.

"Jack knows where they all live due to poker," Lisa said, "and we'd still be putting our friends at risk."

"Then you think the motel?" I asked.

"Scott," Julia said, "I seriously doubt Jack would have a clue where MD lived, if you think she'd be willing to help out."

Mistress Dark. No, I doubt Jack would have a clue about her, and her house was big enough. The only question would be whether she'd wish to put us up.

"Excuse me a minute, officers, but that may be a possibility. I need to make a phone call. Excuse me a minute."

I went into the bedroom and closed the door. I hated to be calling her at this time of the day. It was only a little past four.

"Hello," Rose said sleepily, "who is this please?"

"I'm sorry to wake you, Rose. This is Scott Rivers. We have a bit of a situation. The person who raped Lisa and Julia shot up our house tonight. The police say we should leave. They don't believe they can protect us here at night. I have three people here in addition to myself. We were hoping Mistress Dark might allow us to stay there. The asshole is aware of where most of our families live."

"I'm so sorry, Master Scott. Let me give the phone to Mistress. We may be able to help."

There was silence as she woke up Mistress Dark.

"Scott, this is horrible. Was anyone harmed?"

"Good so far, and I'd like to keep it that way."

"Rose mentioned you have four people. Who's the fourth?"

"A friend from Los Angeles, here in town for a medical problem, though she's also our guardian angel. She's helped to protect us several times."

"Of course you can stay here. I'm looking forward to seeing the person who wished to play games with my slaves."

"I'll tell her of your interest. We were starting to work on your bed frame. Do you have a place to work on it."

"What would you need?"

"A workspace around fifteen feet square in which to sand, stain, varnish and drill. Any kind of shed, a place in the garage, an empty room which can get sawdust in it. We can put down drop cloths so we don't spill stain or varnish on your floors."

"You can use part of my garage. My bed, huh?"

"They just cut the lumber yesterday."

"It might be fun seeing it take shape. Bring what you need."

"Thank you, Mistress Dark."

"If you're going to be living here, you'll need to start calling me by my name."

"What is it?"

"Michelle Sombre."

"Sombre, is that French?"

"It is. Sombre means dark, hence my nom de plume, so's to speak."

I laughed. "I wondered where it came from. I thought it came from Elvira, Mistress of the Dark."

"I don't wear black that much."

"You don't wear much in the way of clothes at all in Mistress Mode. Thank you for helping us out. We'll see you shortly."

"You're welcome. I shall look forward to seeing your slaves again, especially the impertinent one. Goodbye for now."

I went back to the dining room table. Sergeant Meadows and Lucia were in earnest conversation.

"MD will let us stay there. Let's grab enough clothes for several days. We can bring the tools and the bed you're working on and whatever else we can fit in the truck. We'll take both vehicles. I'll have a few of my guys come over here and board up the windows that were damaged until we can fix them. MD's looking forward to seeing us, especially you, Julia."

"I understand, Scott," she said, unconsciously rubbing her bottom.

"Scott," Lucia said, "the Sergeant and I were discussing the drive. Since we don't know if Jack has found other transportation, we thought it best to take a convoluted route and see if anyone is following us. Why don't you lead in the truck, and Julia can follow you in the car. An officer will follow in a squad car. I will be in the back of the car. Make several turns and double backs on the way. I'll watch to see if anyone but the squad car follows us. This is Sergeant Meadows card with her phone. You can call her once the coast is clear and she'll pull the officer." She handed me the card. "I already have her number on my phone."

"Sounds good. Lisa, ride with me and while Julia is driving, call Reneé and Janet and tell them they won't be working here today. We'll call them when we know when they can start again. Let's get busy. The officers are waiting."

Everyone got up and got busy. We all got dressed to leave, packing some clothes for a few days. I had more than the other three put together since they knew where we were going and I still needed clothes to work. I called Jerry after we we were packed and ready to go, asking him to arrange for some of our crew to come board up my broken windows first thing as I'd be late to work and I'd give him more details later. I said he should keep Reneé from coming today or any day until he heard from us.

There was a moment when there was a lull in the activity. The truck and car were loaded and we were ready to go. Sergeant Meadows asked, "I notice that Lucia doesn't have a wedding ring. Is she in a committed relationship?"

"You'll have to speak to her if you're interested. Her situation is complicated."

"Complicated how?"

"Speak to her and she'll let you know if she's available. I don't know."

She did take a few minutes to speak to her and though she had a puzzled look on her face when they finished, she did have a smile as well, so it couldn't be all bad news.

We both backed out and I took the lead. Julia followed me and there was a squad car behind her. Following Lucia's plan, I didn't drive straight there. I made several different turns, circling blocks, back tracking randomly. In the rear view mirror, I never saw anyone but Julia and the police car make all the turns with us. I depended on Lucia to make the final determination. When she told me we didn't have a tail, I believed her. I let Sergeant Meadows we didn't have a follower and I saw the squad car peel off about two miles before Mistress Dark's home.

As I drove, Lisa made several phone calls, telling Janet and Chen what happened and not to come today. She also called our parents and told them what happened and warned them to stay away. They wanted to know why we weren't coming there, and Lisa told them Jack knew where they lived and we didn't want them in danger too.

Someone must have been watching for us, as Slut came out with the briefest of outfits. She said we could unload our bed supplies in the garage and the door opened as she told us. Julia and Slut took our clothes into the house while the rest of us unloaded the truck to the garage, then the garage door came down. Rose led us inside where Mistress Dark was waiting for us in the kitchen. I'd never seen any part of her house except for the dungeon she maintained.

Mistress Dark greeted us. "I imagine you didn't have breakfast this morning. Rose is making pancakes. Help yourself to whatever is on the table."

"Thank you, Michelle," I said. "This is unexpectedly nice. As you might expect, we didn't get much sleep last night. I have to go to work, but the women might appreciate a nap this morning."

"Slut will show them to their rooms after you eat. We won't disturb them."

Julia went up to Mistress Dark and sank to her knees in front of her.

"Mistress, I apologize deeply for playing with your slaves without permission. It was wrong of me to do so and I will pay whatever penalty you feel is appropriate."

MD patted her cheek. "I know you will, dear. We'll discuss your punishment when your Master returns this evening. For now, eat and rest. You've gone through a bad few weeks."

"Since you're now in a safe location, slaves may remove your clothing," I said.

All three of them removed their clothes. Mistress Dark noted Lucia's disrobing with interest.

"Have you gained a third slave, Scott," Mistress Dark asked.

"No, this is Lucia. She's Brianna Worth's sex slave. She's staying with us while seeking medical help. Lucia, this is Mistress Dark, a friend and her two slaves, Rose, currently cooking and Slut, who greeted us outside."

"I'm pleased to meet you, Mistress Dark. Thank you for having us in your home."

"Welcome, Lucia. I greatly admire your Mistress. She sells lovely jewelry."

"I will tell her how much you appreciate it, Mistress."

"Well, eat up and Slut will show you to your rooms."

Everyone ate hearty, the night having been short and the tension high. Afterward, Slut showed us our rooms, two smallish bedrooms with queen size beds and not much else. Both were set up for Mistress Dark's business, which to a large extent, was training dominants and submissives. There were various tie down points around the room and cages under the bed.

"We aren't affecting Mistress Dark's business at all, are we Slut?" I asked.

"No, Master. Her business goes up and down. We have more on the weekend usually as people work during the week."

"If she has to turn down business due to our presence, please let me know. I'll try to make it up to her. Perhaps we can sell her the furniture we're making at a discount to her until we're gone."

"I'll inform her, Master. I'm sure she'll appreciate the gesture, but we rarely have all rooms filled."

Slut left and I said to the others, "It looks too crowded to all sleep together. It appears we'll need to sleep two by two again."

"You have no objection to the three of us napping in one bed, do you, Master?" Lisa asked.

"None at all. I'll see you all tonight. I'm thinking of using Uber or Lyft to get around, or even renting a car for you to use as I don't want Jack to spot our car driving around."

"His most likely method of finding us here is to follow you from your workplace, Master Scott," Lucia said. "Regardless of your vehicle, if you go to work, he can see what you drive and follow you. You will have to take the same precautions you took today every time you come here."

"Shit! You're right."

"You might be able to get around it, Master," Julia said. "Have Jerry bring any new paperwork to a job site every day. Don't go to the office. Only go to work locations. Jack won't know where you're working. If we do our shopping around here, it's unlikely he'll find us. This would not be somewhere he'd hang around."

"This is seriously going to mess with my normal work flow, but I don't see any other choice. I hate that fucker with a passion."

"Us too, sir," Lisa said. "Me more than anyone. I feel it's my fault he's in our lives."

"How could anyone know what a psycho he is," Lucia said, comforting her. "Most people don't have these kinds of problems with their exes."

I kissed each of them goodbye, even Lucia. I don't know how we'd have gotten along without her. She might have saved our lives last night. I left for work telling Jerry to bring me all the paperwork to the job site I was at yesterday.

******

JULIA

Lucia let Reneé out when it was time for her to leave. She came back and slid under the covers.

"You promised to reward me for sucking Master Chen," she whispered.

"And you shall be well rewarded for an hour, then we need to go to sleep."

I gave Lucia a several orgasms, the last few while she licked me as well. We were both physically drained when it was time to sleep. We nodded off in each other's arms. Lucia heard the alarm next door first. She shook me awake.

"I think Jack is trying to break in next door. Let's go to Master's room where I can protect all of you."

We didn't turn on any lights, but crept through the dark until reaching my bedroom. Master and Lisa were already awake.

"I'm guessing Jack," I said.

"I am too," Lisa replied. "He thought he had a place to stay and got thrown off by the new locks and security code. I hope they nail the fucker."

"We'd better put something on. I'm sure we'll have to answer some questions," Master said.

Everyone put somewhat decent clothes on and we waited in the dark in the dining room. Eventually, someone knocked. Lucia checked to see who it was and after informing us, let a couple officers in.

The head of the group was a very dark black woman sergeant with short hair. She was almost invisible until we turned on the lights. She was tall and looked like she might have a nice figure behind all the gear. She said they weren't able to catch the burglar next door, saying he'd broken a sliding glass door, but not stayed. She said they'd also impounded his vehicle and warned us he might be more dangerous now. She'd leave an officer inside the house until morning when the damage could be prepared. Master offered to board it up, but decided to wait until morning before he'd consider moving out.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
After the police left, Lucia and I got into bed with Master and Lisa. It was crowded, but cozy.

In the middle of the night, Lucia poked me hard, saying "On the floor now! Someone's shooting."

Lisa responded first, dropping to the floor while tugging on Master's arm while I pushed him. He was taking longer to wake up. He practically toppled on the floor on top of Lisa, indignant. There were several loud bangs and glass breaking and Lucia told him someone was shooting at the house and to stay down. After a few minutes of gunfire, we heard lots of sirens coming and the shooting stopped. Lucia told us to get dressed again as there would be more questions. When there was knocking on the door, Lucia and Master went to answer it. It was Sergeant Meadows again. Everyone joined her and another officer in the dining room. Lucia and the other officer stood, while the rest of us sat.

She told us we had to leave, she couldn't protect us at night from a rifle. She suggested a motel. We discussed the different options we had, eventually dismissing all of them. Master said it looked like we'd be going to a motel.

I had a different idea, rather brilliant I thought, though I might eventually regret it. "Scott," I said, "I seriously doubt Jack would have a clue where MD lived, if you think she'd be willing to help out."

Her house was big. She housed people there, and would understand the slave/Dominant dynamic. Plus she had business with me.

"Excuse me a minute, officers," Master said, "but that may be a possibility. I need to make a phone call. Excuse me a minute."

He disappeared for several minutes, making the call. Sergeant Meadows was looking at Lucia speculatively, like a lion eying an antelope.

"Could I talk to you for a few minutes?" She asked Lucia.

Lucia picked up the firearm on the counter by the barrel, carried it to the table and sat down, the gun close to hand. Sergeant Meadows didn't seem to mind how cautious Lucia was being.

They started talking about the arrangements for getting us all safely out of here and she paid close attention to everything Lucia was saying, as if she respected her opinion. They'd pretty much decided on how they were going to move us when Master came back and told us we had a place to stay. He said she was particularly interested in seeing me and I knew why. I couldn't help it, I rubbed my ass absently and Master noticed.

Master told us we could work on our projects while at MD's, so we carried up everything from the basement and loaded it into his truck, got clothes for several days, Master taking the most because slaves could go naked at Mistress Dark's, and in fact, were expected to do so.

Sergeant Meadows spoke to Master briefly before he locked up the house, then came over to speak to Lucia again.

"Are you in a relationship?" She asked Lucia bluntly.

"If you're interested in romance, I am in a relationship. If all you want to do is fuck, I'm not. If you're looking for a work out partner, I'd love to work out with you, naked preferably."

Lucia's answer surprised her. The sergeant thought for a moment before responding.

"Why aren't you interested in romance?"

"I'm in a relationship, but it's an open one, so if all you want to do is fuck, I'm available. The current situation dictates I really need to start working on my skills again if I'm to remain effective, so I'd love to work out with you."

"But naked?"

"A good naked workout preparatory to fucking makes the fucking more fun," Lucia said, "soothing to tired muscles and overall soreness."

"I'm not sure I know anywhere we could work out naked."

"We don't have to work out naked, but it would definitely be more fun," Lucia said, smiling.

"I'll get back to you on that," Sergeant Meadows said. "Be safe."

"Always," Lucia replied. "You too."

She moved away from the car and we started our drive.

"Lucia, you horny slave, you," I said.

"Don't tell me you'd turn down that dark meat?" Lucia said.

"I wouldn't, but she's not a slave, so Master wouldn't let me fuck her."

"Mistress doesn't impose the same restrictions on me. I like athletic, powerful women. I like working out with Chantelle and Marcia. This could be fun."

I laughed. The thought of a tall, inky black Sergeant Meadows and a short, pale, white Lucia working out naked before fucking together aroused me.

The drive was convoluted, but eventually Lucia told him we weren't being followed. Slut came out to greet us when we got there and told us we could unload in the truck in the garage. There was the van Mistress used for transporting her slaves in there, but the other two spaces was empty, so while the others unloaded the truck, Slut and I brought in our clothes. We left them in the hall and she took me to the kitchen. When the others finished with the truck, Rose returned and started cooking pancakes. Nothing like comfort food after a night of near terror. We ate like animals, scarfing down everything in sight. My baby seemed to be demanding more food.

Slut led us to our two rooms, on which she'd placed our suitcases on the beds. It was two queens. You could see these were the rooms normally reserved for slaves, lots of bondage tie downs, cages under the bed, not much in the way of furniture, nor even closets or bureaus, as slaves don't wear clothes.

Master talked about getting us rental cars, but Lucia told him he was the one most likely to draw Jack here. All he had to do was go to Master's work and follow him here, no matter what Master drove, so he'd always have to be careful coming back here.

Master kissed us all goodbye and told us we could nap three to a bed. We immediately sought a bed when Master left, cuddling together. The other two slept fairly easily. I had more difficulty. I kept thinking of what might happen to me tonight. I don't know why I thought I could usurp Mistress Dark's slaves. It was foolish of me and now she could punish me with Master's permission. She belonged to the BDSM club. I'm sure she was familiar with all kinds of ways to punish slaves, most of them unpleasant. I imagined someone trying to take me away from Master and how angry he'd be. Not too dissimilar to how he felt about Jack, trying to take Lisa back and fucking me. He could easily kill him. Master wouldn't let MD kill me, but he did say he'd go along with most any punishment I warranted. I suppose as long as it didn't harm the baby, I deserved what I got.

******

I finally fell asleep and the others got up before I did. I barely felt them leave the bed, stirring only slightly. I finally woke up around three-thirty, upset with myself for sleeping the day away. Now, it would be hard to sleep tonight, though when I eventually found how little sleep I'd have tonight, I was glad I rested as long as I did. I finally found my way to the kitchen where Rose and Slut were working on a meal.

Rose said, "My Mistress said you could have something to break your fast, but not too much or you'll spoil your appetite for supper, which will be served when your Master gets done at work."

"Thank you. Where are Lucia and Lisa?"

"In the garage, working on the bed," Rose said

"May I please have a slice of toast which should hold me until supper, then I'll go to the garage to help the others."

Without a word, she added a slice of toast to the toaster and pushed down on the lever. I sat quietly, still contemplating the nature of my punishment which Mistress Dark would impose. Perhaps they would know.

"Has your Mistress punished you for what I did yet?"

"No," Slut said. "She told us we would all be punished together when she had all the guilty parties together."

So no help there. "What are you anticipating as punishment?"

"A caning at least," Slut replied. "She hasn't specified."

"Will it be bad?"

"I tolerate three fairly well. Perhaps even enjoy them, but I'm a glutton for punishment. More than that becomes unbearable."

Three. More becomes unbearable for Slut.

The toast popped up. Rose buttered it and put it on a plate for me. "I'm sorry I informed Mistress about what we did," she said. "I couldn't live with the lie."

I pulled her down for a brief kiss. "It's not your fault; it's mine. I never should have attempted to usurp her rights. I don't know why I did it. Master was going to make me tell anyway. I don't hold you responsible."

"You told your Master too?" Rose asked.

"I couldn't live with the lie either," I assured her.

I ate my toast and Slut led me to the garage. Despite it only being the two of them, it appeared they were getting a lot done. I immediately started to help.

"You were quite the sleepyhead," Lucia said. She was sanding one of the long pieces we'd cut yesterday.

"I had difficulty falling asleep. I'm worried about what punishment I shall receive from Mistress Dark."

"Why would Mistress Dark be punishing you?" Lucia asked.

I told her what I'd done.

"You tried to take her slaves?" Lucia said, her face a mask of surprise. Perhaps fear as well, and I'd never seen her afraid before. Of course, she couldn't protect me from this danger. I'd earned this one.

"Only for when they'd come to see us, but yes."

"You know how much Mistress likes Sam, don't you?"

"Yes."

"Despite that, she was tremendously hurt and disappointed when Sam took Chantelle away from her, even though it was Chantelle's choice to leave and Sam hadn't tried to take her. I mean, she's suppressed her feelings for the most part because she loves all of them, but it still affected her deeply. It helps they all remain on the Estate and Sam is willing to share both of them with her, but I always suspect she uses both of his slaves harder because they're his, than her own slaves. It's almost as if she's trying to get back a little of what he took away."

That did not bode well for me. No wonder Master was unhappy with what I did. He knew how he'd feel.

The rest of our work was conducted in silence. At six, Slut came to the garage and said we might like to shower for dinner. She was right. Their garage was no better ventilated nor cool than ours and we were all hot, sweaty messes. Slut showed us where we could clean up, kind of a communal shower for slaves. The whole house was essentially set up for slave training. Even the shower had tie down points for slaves.

We dried off and were led to the dining room. Master was back from work, changed and showered, wearing only some boxer briefs, as deference to Mistress Dark. She was wearing a leather bustier and bottom. Master fed Lisa. It was her turn. Three slaves in training waited on us, two women and one man. The man was wearing a cock cage and with seven naked female slaves present, was having a painful time of it. All of them bore the signs of whip marks on their backs and fronts, though rapidly fading, probably no worse than the ones we received.

Mistress Dark asked questions about the crimes committed against us and the perpetrator, Lisa's ex-husband.

"He won't be able to find you here, will he?" She asked.

"He doesn't know of our association with you and I'm taking precautions every time I come here," Master said. "I'm not even going to my office every day so he couldn't follow me here. A friend is bringing the work I need to individual work sites, and he wouldn't know the location of those."

Mistress Dark nodded thoughtfully.

"I see Lucia never goes anywhere without her gun. Are you competent with that weapon, dear, or should we all be concerned if you shoot it?"

"I'm pretty competent, Mistress Dark."

"What's pretty competent?"

Lucia pulled out her phone and opened her photo's app. She got up and approached Mistress Dark, kneeling at her feet like the good slave she was.

"This photo shows a target I shot at from fifteen yards or forty-five feet away. As you can see, all fifteen shots of the weapon I used went into the little Twinkie on this man sized target, which represents the most lethal area to shoot someone. This next photo shows a similar target shot from three feet away." She swiped to the next photo.

"It looks like you were more accurate from forty-five feet. Three of the shots didn't go into the...what did you call it...a Twinkie?"

"Yes, it's called a Twinkie because it looks like a Hostess Twinkie. The closer target was shot at from the hip, and not aimed down the barrel. You don't have time to raise your gun to eye level to shoot someone who's only three feet away and you don't want your gun pointing so close to your adversary or they could take it away. You'll see all the shots which missed are still within an inch of the bullseye. It's a very good spread for shooting from the hip."

Mistress Dark smiled. "It certainly is. I'd say you're pretty competent."

"Thank you, Mistress Dark."

"Take your seat and finish your supper."

Lucia returned to her seat.

"I think it's time to discuss the elephant in the room, don't you, slave?" Mistress Dark looked at me. I gulped. Time to pay the piper.

"As you wish, Mistress," I said. It would be good to have it over with. I might sleep sounder once it was done. The anticipation could be worse than the actual punishment. "Might a slave ask what punishment you were considering for the misbehaving slaves."

She smiled at me. "A number of different things. Among other things, I think Scott should grant me your use for a day."

"That seems fair," Master said, "since she usurped yours." I thought so too. It wouldn't be that bad.

"That's only part of it," she said. "It doesn't address my own slaves complicity at all and I already own them. I think a caning would go far to smoothing my ruffled feathers."

"Yes, Mistress," I said. Please let it be three or less. "How many would you say is appropriate?"

"Ten."

Boom! Seven more than even Slut found bearable. Rose grew pale and Slut didn't look much better. I'm sure I didn't look well either. Ten. I looked at Master. He didn't look pleased, but he didn't say anything either.

"Yes, Mistress," I said.

"However, I'm willing to consider reducing the caning in half."

"What would a slave need to do to reduce it?" I asked.

"Wear the Slave Trainer for twenty-four hours and tell me how you took over control of my slaves while they were at your house."

"Mistress, I promised Slut I wouldn't say anything to you," I said

"Not even to reduce your punishment by half."

"A promise is a promise, Mistress. I would hate to break my word."

"I could order Slut to tell me what happened."

"That's between you and Slut. That would have nothing to do with me."

Slut said, "Tell my Mistress. I release you from your promise to me."

"Are you sure, Slut. I won't say anything if you don't wish me to."

"Half a caning for you is also half the caning for me. Tell my Mistress."

"Very well. While Slut was licking me to orgasm, I noticed her masturbating herself. I asked her if she did it often and she admitted she did. I promised not to say anything to you or Rose if she agreed to submit to me when she came over."

"That's it. You caught Slut masturbating and promised not to tell?"

"For Slut, yes. Rose was more difficult."

"Slut thought I didn't know she fucking rubbed herself while she was pleasing me? She should be punished for thinking I was that stupid or naive. I always know when she frigs herself."

"I had her show me. She was quite sneaky about it. I'm not sure if I would have noticed if my finger wasn't in her cunt when she climaxed."

"Yes, our little Slut is quite sneaky, but it pleased me to know she thought she was getting away with something. Did she think I punished her all the time for nothing?"

Slut looked down at the floor in shame.

"So how did you seduce Rose to your scheme?" Mistress Dark asked.

"Master told us we could give your slaves two orgasms apiece when they came for the photo shoot. They were very aroused by their confinement during the shoot. We even spanked their bottoms so they'd be red for the photos. We wanted to take our time during the sex after. Lisa started on Slut first. We learned a trick for increasing a slave's arousal. While Lisa was licking Slut, I had my hand over Rose's cunt and on her breast and whispered to her, engaging her brain in the process." Mistress Dark looked confused. "By whispering and asking questions, it increases brain involvement, including their imagination. We were told the brain is the largest sex organ and the more it's engaged, the more aroused you become."

"I'll have you demonstrate for me when you're my slave tomorrow. Continue."

"I asked Rose if she liked watching Slut cum, if she liked being watched herself by others when she had sex? If she liked the thought of people masturbating to her pictures in your internet catalog? She started humping my hand she became so aroused. I told her she needed to earn her orgasm and made her get on her knees and lick me to orgasm.

"Having her on her knees licking me turned me on so much. It's what gave me the idea. I fucked her with a dildo after and I wouldn't give her permission to cum until she called me Mistress, which turned me on more. Then Lisa took her turn with Rose and I did the same whispering thing with Slut, which is when she revealed her secret to me. She showed me how she masturbated while they were having sex, cumming twice. While Lisa and Rose went to get water, I told Slut I'd tell Rose her secret and she wouldn't be allowed to cum like that anymore. You'd make her wear a chastity belt or something. So when Rose came back, Slut was already somewhat inclined to help to save herself.

"I said Slut had cum twice and I still hadn't had a chance to taste her and if I punished Slut for cumming, would their Mistress object to me giving Slut additional orgasms. She thought you'd be okay with it. So now I was punishing Slut in addition to making her cum more frequently than allowed. I also told Rose I wanted to see if Slut could pay attention to her duties while being punished, but both Lisa and I had already cum twice and couldn't cum anymore without Master's permission, which we couldn't give because he was in class. I asked if she'd agree to be the test subject for Slut and if Rose climaxed again, I could punish her too, so you wouldn't be upset with her extra orgasms.

"But I also told them each I'd give them a free orgasm without punishment, to ease their pain during the punishment, else they might keep getting punished over and over, or suffer unduly because the endorphins had dissipated. I dragged out Slut's punishment so Rose was desperate to cum. She told me she'd undergo a second punishment if she climaxed a second time, if I let her cum now, which I did and she called me Mistress again. When all was said and done, I wondered aloud how her Mistress would feel if she knew her slaves were calling me Mistress, allowing me to give them orgasms and punishing them for it, especially another woman, since they're both lesbians. It would be like me calling other men Master and letting them fuck me and punish me. They became terrified at the thought you might disown them, and in order for me to keep my mouth shut, agreed to serve me when they came over. Essentially, Mistress Dark, I took advantage of their lust, their overall submissiveness and desire to please, and their fear they could lose you if the truth came out."

Mistress Dark looked at me like my head was coming off or she might take it off; I was unsure which.

"That was quite an interesting use of slave psychology. You essentially made them do the thing they thought they'd be abandoned for if you told."

"Yes, Mistress. And I'd further like to say that Lisa had nothing to do with it. She didn't know what I was going to do. Her only infraction was not attempting to stop it when I did it."

"I'll take whatever punishment my sister slave has to take, Mistress Dark," Lisa said. "I kind of figured out what she was doing and didn't say anything."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
"Did you know your slave was a switch, Scott?"

"Not at the time this occurred, Michelle. It's become obvious since."

"How so?"

Master explained what I'd done with Janet and how I'd brought her along until she was ready to accept Chen's collar.

Mistress Dark looked at me again. "A submissive to men and dominant to women," she mused.

"Except to Lisa, Mistress. I can't do the same to her. But I do like dominating other women. I'd especially like doing it to Master's old girlfriend, Zoe and any other slave he had sex with. I'd love having them under my heel."

"You're not to attempt this with any other owners slaves, particularly Zoe," Master said. "She's been too good to us and I don't want you to suffer more punishments from other owners."

"Yes, Master."

"Zoe is another slave?" Mistress asked.

"Another one of Brianna's," Master muttered, looking quite harshly at me.

"Well, you told me as I requested. I'll reduce the punishment by half," Mistress Dark said.

"Mistress, if I may be so bold, your slaves didn't want to do this. It became easier for me because they were frightened of losing you as their Mistress. They deeply care for you. I'm totally responsible and would like to accept their punishment as well. If you feel Lisa is deserving of punishment, I'll accept hers as well. I don't want anyone else punished for my transgressions."

"You'll take twenty strokes with the cane to spare them any?"

"Yes, Mistress Dark, I would."

"You only say this because you've never experienced the cane."

"Nevertheless, I was most responsible and I don't want others to suffer because of me."

"No, Mistress," Lisa shouted. "I'll take the other half. I was complicit. Don't give Julia twenty. I'll take ten. We're in this together; always sister slaves."

"This is quite the conundrum, Scott. What do you think I should do?"

"I think Lisa is less complicit than Julia, but I hate to think of Julia caned twenty times. If Lisa wants to accept half, let her."

"And let my slaves get off with nothing. That doesn't work for me, even if they were manipulated by a master manipulator. You three slaves in training. I want you to pay attention to my decision. You'll also witness the punishments that transpire. I want you to take note of the honesty of this slave and her courage in wishing to take all the punishments upon herself. I found it refreshing. Here's my decision. Two strokes of the cane to both of my own slaves, plus the Slave Trainer for 24 hours. Eight each to Lisa and Julia, half tonight, half tomorrow morning. I'll split the punishment in two for their courage. All four to be strung up for the night. Julia gets the Slave Trainer for 24 hours as well, plus serves as my slave from eight tomorrow morning until eight the following morning. Lisa only need wear a Slave Trainer tonight between the time of her first caning to her second as I consider her less complicit. Have you anything further to add, Scott?"

"Yes. Since their actions have deprived me of the services of both my slaves for the night, I will administer further punishment as well when I deem it appropriate."

"May I ask a favor of you, Lucia?" I asked.

"What favor would you ask of me, Julia?" Lucia said.

"Since Master will be bereft of a slave tonight, could I ask you to provide what comfort you can. I don't ask that you fuck him, but to be a warm naked body to sleep with would be nice."

"I can do this for you."

"Thank you, Lucia."

We ate the rest of the meal, then waited while the slaves in training cleaned up everything. Since they were going to witness the punishment, they had to be there. The rest of the slaves nervously fidgeted while we waited except for Lucia, the only one of the permanent slaves not to be punished. Lisa put her arm around me and we kissed, then leaned against one another.

"I'm sorry," I whispered. "This is all my fault."

"Master is right. Don't do it again."

"I won't."

When all was done, Mistress Dark led us all into the dungeon. First, all slaves were fitted with with an arm harness which confined our arms straight behind our backs. Then, our legs were fitted with spreader bars which kept us from closing our legs. I felt myself becoming aroused already from being confined thus. Each of us was given a ball gag. I imagined it was to keep our screams to a minimum as we were caned. Then Mistress Dark attached our arm sleeves to a rope descending from the ceiling. As she pulled on the rope, our bodies were forced forward as our arms were straight behind our backs and couldn't bend, exerting torsion on our arms and shoulders. Our buttocks were well exposed for the caning. With our legs spread, I hoped it meant Mistress would not apply the cane to our cunts, which were also well exposed, and mine was now dripping. We were in a rough circle, facing each other and able to see the effect of the caning on each other.

Mistress Dark then fitted each of us with a Slave Trainer. It looked different than Master's, the cock piece entering our pussies longer and thicker for one. I couldn't speak for the others, but she had no trouble sliding it into my cunt.

"Scott, this is a new version of Slave Trainer which can be used and charged while plugged into a permanent power supply," Mistress Dark said, plugging each of them into a floor outlet. "This way, it can run constantly without having to be recharged. We can leave it on all night without having to swap it out or recharge it."

Fuck. We were screwed. At least with the other variety, there was a break in use for one or the other. There would be no breaks for us. I was the last plugged in and turned on. Mistress Dark caressed my cheek.

"The battery lasts longer when it's used in portable mode," she continued, "about four hours, but it still recharges in roughly thirty minutes. It's a much improved device."

"I'll have to consider purchasing one for my own slaves," Master said.

Please, God, no. Don't buy one of these, Master. I could feel it, working away, bringing on an orgasm which I wouldn't be able to experience.

"There's another one very similar, but it has both vaginal and anal probes. Because it has both, it only lasts as long as the original model. I'm not using that one so you can fuck your slaves asses while they hang here. After their caning, we can remove the gags and you can use their mouth as well. This position forces their mouths down to waist level."

"Good to know," Master said.

"This position is called strappado. It was used in the times of the inquisition as torture, though it won't rise to that level for our purposes. Inquisitors would raise a person until their feet left the ground which would cause their shoulders to dislocate. We don't want that to happen. All night long, my two female slaves in training will release each of them once an hour for five minutes and rub their shoulders, then return them to this forced down position. We'll give your slaves the balance of their caning tomorrow morning before you depart for work so you may use them again before you leave."

Mistress Dark waited for awhile, allowing the Slave Trainers to raise our endorphin levels, though never to the level they'd be if we climaxed, then started the caning in the order our Slave Trainers went in. Slut first, then Rose, Lisa, and lastly myself. Mistress Dark picked out her instrument of pain from the many available to her. When the cane came down on Slut's bottom, she jumped forward, howling behind her gag. She was allowed to settle some, then down it came, with the same result. Slut had tears in her eyes.

Next came Rose, her slim body jumping as the cane dropped. Tears, muffled screams. Mistress Dark stroking her damaged flanks, then the second. I did this to them. I was responsible. She moved to Lisa, my sister slave. Crack. Dancing, as much as her position allowed. Crying, her strangled cries smothered by her gag. The second one. I'm so sorry, Lisa. The third, less of a jump, the fourth, barely a flinch. Had she passed out from the pain? No, she moved as it ended, nervously shifting her weight from one foot to the other. My turn. Mistress Dark disappeared behind me.

Burning pain, a stifled scream, dancing as the others had, leaning forward against my rope as if to escape. Mistress Dark's hand on my bum, stroking it, then lifting and the second. More pain. Leaping. I felt myself drifting into subspace. The heat, the burning; spreading, not confined to the area I'd been struck, feeling it go to my cunt, to my breasts, my nipples hardening. The third one not as bad. The fourth, an insect bite, drifting, dreaming.

Master inserting himself in my bottom, sliding into my rectum, being fucked. I orgasmed, Slave Trainer be damned, moaning, driving myself back onto his cock, my eyes closed. Fuck me. His abdomen smacking against my buttocks, little shards of pain mixing with the pleasure of his cock in my ass. I orgasmed again. Master leaving me, finding Lisa, spearing into her. Her moans of pleasure, deeper, more guttural, than her previous squeals of pain. Master's grunts as he fucked her.

Mistress Dark, rubbing some balm or ointment on Slut's rear, more squeals as the hand drifted over her bottom. Moving to Rose, doing the same. Master still fucking Lisa. Mistress Dark whispering in my ear.

"This ointment will keep your ass from scarring where the skin might have been torn by the cane. However, before it begins to relieve the pain, it stings, almost as bad as the cane itself. But in a couple minutes, it will feel better."

She spread it over my flanks, the pain sharp and fiery, particularly where the cane struck, then slowly easing, the pain breaking up, sliding away. Lisa, cumming again. Her moans as familiar as my own. Master returning to me, fucking into my ass again, thrusting hard and fast. I was cumming again, drifting, floating. I felt him release in my bottom, his cock throbbing inside me, his cream filling me. Finally, his prick shrinking, pulling out, leaving me empty, save for the Slave Trainer, dormant for now as I'd cum for my Master.

Our gags finally removed, gasping, sucking in air. Lucia kissing my cheek.

"Are you okay?" She asked.

I nodded, unable to speak. Going to Lisa, asking her the same question, receiving a quiet 'yes', barely audible to me. I still had blood rushing through my ears, the result of adrenaline, endorphins, whatever; the world muted, subdued.

Master kissing me as well, stroking my cheek, ruffling my hair, brushing a strand back behind my ear. "Please don't do anything to be punished like this again."

My head shaking, 'no', still too overwhelmed to speak. He did the same to Lisa and then he took Lucia's hand and he left.

I heard Mistress Dark giving instructions to the new girl slaves for our care. We were to be given water upon request, released to use the toilet, the rope to be eased hourly with the first time defined to start in forty minutes, by which I assumed we'd been confined for twenty already. Our shoulders to be massaged and rubbed when they eased the ropes. Then she caged the male so he couldn't pester any of us in regard for Master's feelings about men fucking us again. The girls were given more latitude, but strictly forbidden to let us cum, or they'd find themselves in the same position as she would know if we climaxed by the app on her phone. She told them they could dim the lights to allow us what rest we could, though our position made it next to impossible.

They did dim the lights and we hung in near darkness.

"Is everyone okay?" I asked. "I'm sorry."

"I'm okay," Rose said, opposite me. "Two wasn't so bad. Thank you for volunteering to take them all for us."

"It was my fault," I replied. "They were mine to have."

"We both knew better," Rose said. "It shouldn't have been so easy for you to dominate us. You didn't force us to serve you. We more or less volunteered."

"Master said I understand slave psychology," I replied. "It's because I understand myself so well and my need to serve."

"At least I no longer need concern myself with sneaking my masturbating," Slut said. "I should have know Mistress knew what I was doing. She was right. I should be punished for thinking her naive or ignorant."

"Lisa, are you okay? You haven't said anything yet."

"Just processing," she responded. "I orgasmed when Mistress Dark struck me the fourth time."

"I thought you passed out," I said. "You barely moved."

"Just cumming. It surprised me. I went into subspace so quickly once it started. I felt warm all over and boom, I was cumming."

"Me too," I said, "though it wasn't until Master started fucking me. I orgasmed, as soon as his cock slid inside, I was done."

"You're lucky you could cum," Slut said. "We won't be able to cum until these damned things come off."

"Has your Mistress used these on you before?" Lisa asked.

"No, she just got them," Rose responded. "It used to be we at least had a little break for recharging or switching out. I used to look forward to the breaks. Now, pffft. No relief."

She was right. No relief. It would buzz and tingle, we'd get close to cumming; then it shut off. As soon as we'd settled enough, it would start again. In short order, all three of us had fluids running down their legs. No cum, not allowed by the equipment, just lubrication of horny slaves craving relief.

The two slaves came and gave us our break, releasing two at a time, rubbing our shoulders, upper back and upper arms, then stringing us up again. When the taller of the two girls did me, she whispered to me how brave she found me and licked and sucked my nipples for a few moments. Not enough to make me cum with the vibrations going on in my cunt and on my clit, but oh so close. I guessed her to be lesbian or bisexual going to a Mistress. The other one I wasn't sure of. She didn't fondle any of us, but perhaps she was afraid someone would cum and she'd pay for it.

The second time we were relieved, I asked for some water after the shorter girl massaged my shoulders and arms. I was given a glass with a straw in it and allowed to drink as much as I wanted. I thought I might increase the number of times I would be released by having to pee, but it's like pissing restarted my clock and when the others received their relief, I was left alone until my new hour expired. The only advantage was the Slave Trainer needed to be removed to use the toilet, but that didn't last long. From then on, I was on a different clock than the rest. The same happened to the others. If they used the bathroom, they were on a new clock. The slaves were going to be up regardless. It made no difference to them if we were on the same schedule.

The night was interminable. We couldn't really sleep, the position too uncomfortable, though I suspected we all dozed for brief moments, before the pressure on our arms became too much and we snapped awake.

At five-thirty, Mistress Dark, Master and Lucia came down again. Lisa and Rose were left in position as Lisa and I received the balance of our punishment. Both of us climaxed despite the Slave Trainers, kept on edge all night and on a hair trigger. Mistress rubbed us with the ointment again; fiery burning with eventual relief. Master didn't fuck our asses this time, but used our mouths after our gags were removed. He climaxed in Lisa's mouth and we couldn't share it due to our positions, so she got it all. I was allowed to clean him after. Master went to work, saying he'd see us later.

We were finally released from our strappado, the slaves rubbing our necks, shoulders, arms and upper backs for fifteen minutes each. The Slave Trainers were unplugged, but were fully charged, so no help there. We were allowed to take a quick shower, five minutes only, for cleaning the cum off our legs, Mistress Dark calling out the time. The Slave Trainers went straight back in except for Lisa, who was now done with it. Lucky girl. We were all sent to the kitchen, allowed to prepare our own breakfast and clean up after. At eight o'clock, Lisa and Lucia went to the garage to work on the bed. Slut and Rose were told to go with them to help as I belonged to Mistress for the next twenty-four hours. Rose would start preparing lunch at 11:30 to be served at noon.

She snapped a leash on my collar and the first thing I had to do was orally satisfy her to orgasm three times.

"You're not to clean your face off once today," she ordered.

"Yes, Mistress."

Of course, with the Slave Trainer in, my cunt and legs were soon inundated with my juices again. So my face and legs were essentially wet all day long. If any distance she had to travel was short, I had to crawl behind her. If it was more than across the room, I was allowed to stand. She did not want to return me to Master damaged in any way. For the rest of the day, she worked training the new slaves with only a break for lunch when we all ate together.

At one point, I could see my ass in one of the mirrors in her dungeon. Eight red streaks graced my buttocks, four older, four fresher. My ass was still tender to the touch, but as I had few opportunities to sit down, it made little difference.

As expected, the taller girl was going to a Mistress. The shorter one was going to be shared by a couple, however. The male was going to another Mistress. If the girl slaves did anything which merited praise or reward, I was made to reward them. The layers of cum on my face grew deeper and wider as the day progressed. The boy was rewarded with one of the other two and it meant nothing. Despite being lesbian, she had to learn to accept his cock in all three holes. Of course, any time Mistress wanted relief, which was often, I was her chosen release valve.

The male slave was also treated as a toy. He might have to lick one of the women while he was pegged in the ass by the other. If he lost concentration while he was fucked or cumming, he was punished. He frequently wore a cock cage during the day, being released only for specific purposes such as fucking one of the others. He had been working with Mistress for a few days and pretty much had the ability to get an erection on command as Ron had. There might not be cum in his balls, but it was no reason for him not to get hard.

I, of course was not allowed to cum. The others occasionally could, with Mistress Dark's permission, which was not easily given, usually as a reward. Shortly before lunch, the battery in my Slave Trainer finally died, but Mistress had a new one charged and it went right in. I had to clean the old one and I'd never seen something so thick with my lubrication before. Almost twelve hours of constant use. Rose and Slut also needed to have theirs replaced at roughly the same time and they were Johnny on the Spot to get it switched out, unwilling to risk further punishment, even Slut. Apparently, being punished for not complying with your previous punishment was dealt with harshly. I received a freshly charged one again after 3:30, when the next one died. I was dying, but not my Slave Trainers. Never in my whole life had I wanted to cum so badly, wearing one with almost no relief since 7:30 last night.

The new slaves were frequently punished as well, for the tiniest infraction. The male slave would get his cock whipped if he didn't get hard when told to do so. It didn't happen often. Mistress usually administered the punishments. Only once, was I told to punish the tall lesbian girl. I think she wanted to witness my Dominant side, though as soon as I finished, I was on my knees licking her cunt again. She didn't want me getting too big for my britches.

To ensure the male was an adequate pussy pleaser, he had to lick MD's cunt several times. She wouldn't trust a slave to tell her he was doing well. We were just happy to cum. While he licked her, she had me demonstrate the type of thing I'd done to Slut and Rose to turn them into my pets. I had to switch gears and get out of my slave mentality and think of what would arouse Mistress Dark. Telling her what a slave she was wouldn't do it. I thought of everything I knew about her, every whisper of conversation and realized what she'd want to hear.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 6|
--------------------------------------------
As I caressed her breasts I whispered in her ear, "You love having men under your heel and have them worship your cunt, don't you Mistress? The more masculine they are, the more you want to turn them into your plaything. Nothing would please you more than my Master on his knees licking your cunt or getting pegged by one of your girls, would it Mistress?"

In a minute or less, she started a powerful multiple orgasm which lasted as long as I was willing to talk about her using my Master as a toy. She was panting when it ended, barely able to catch her breath.

"Imagine if you hadn't been given permission to cum, Mistress," I whispered. "I might have owned you."

For my impertinence, I was made to lick her again, but she was smiling. "You are a devious little twat, aren't you?"

I paused in my duties only long enough to answer her. "Yes, Mistress," before resuming my oral caresses of her cunt.

"That was quite effective, slave. Why don't we keep this little episode secret from your Master?"

I mimed zipping my lips. Master had no reason to know Mistress Dark would love turning him into her bitch. It wasn't going to happen anyway. I think it pleased her that I, Master's wife and slave, was her bitch for the day, kind of like owning him by proxy.

When Master came home for supper, she made me lick every female there under the dinner table with the exception of her own slaves, still wearing Slave Trainers. I was made to lick the fluids from their legs, but they couldn't cum. The others gave me fresh coats of cum for Master to see as he ate. I licked Lisa while she was sitting in his lap. I snuck a couple licks of his cock as I did so. I was getting rather good at licking cunt by this point, having done little else for the day, so I still had plenty of time to eat when they had all been pleasured.

At 7:30 PM, just as the Slave Trainers were due to die again, they were removed, much to three slaves relief. We each had to lick them clean, then sanitize them before we could rejoin the others. My cunt was soup by this point. I wondered when I'd get to cum again, but at least I wasn't being stimulated out of my mind. Since I belonged to Mistress still, I knelt beside her waiting for her next command.

"Scott, I'm sure this little slut is dying to cum right now. Why don't you fuck hell out of her for an hour, then I'll send Rose to your room to retrieve her."

I kissed her feet, licking her shoes. "Thank you, Mistress."

Master did just that. He fucked hell out of me. Twice filling my cunt and once my ass, as I had almost a dozen orgasms before my hour ended. I still didn't wipe the girl cum off my face. I still hadn't received permission for that. It was so thick and crusty by this time, Master wouldn't kiss me, though Lisa did, before riding my face and adding another fresh layer. Rose came and fetched me as Master pulled out of my rectum.

"Thank you, sir, for fucking a neglected slave girl," I called out as Rose dragged me off.

We entered Mistress Dark's bedroom for the first time, and I liked it. Nicely appointed and feminine while still maintaining the bondage look. Mistress immediately wanted me to please her after my interlude with Master. Shortly after I started, she stopped me.

"You have too much cum on your face," she said. "It's dried and crusty and scratches like a day old beard. Clean yourself off."

Finally. I'd felt like I'd been wearing a mud mask for the last ten hours. It took five minutes at the sink before I felt clean enough to please Mistress. I finished what I started, then started again and again, her hands guiding my head as she climaxed for the fourth time. All that work at the sink spoiled though it soon got worse.

"My slaves both need to cum just as you did," she said. "They haven't cum since yesterday."

Was she ever right. Rose climaxed six times in ten minutes, and Slut seven in the same amount of time. My face was as slathered in cum as it was before washing it, though a lot fresher this time. Rather than leave it on, Rose and Slut had to lick my face clean. We sneaked a few kisses in too. Not to be a poor hostess, Mistress cuddled with me while Rose licked her and Slut cleaned up the mess left behind by my Master, front and back, giving me four more fast orgasms.

By this point, all of us but Mistress were dead in the water. The lack of sleep last night and the physical toll taken by a multitude of climaxes in a short time exhausting us. Mistress had us all cuddle her as we fell asleep, which took no time at all, once I closed my eyes, awash in the smell of satisfied slave.

******

 

--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 37|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-37|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<i>This chapter ends the mini saga of Jack, though not the story. It contains scenes of bondage, discipline, oral sex, anal sex, lesbian sex, regular sex, and good old fucking. STD's don't exist in this fantasy.</i>

<b>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 37 - Jack's Back, Pt 2</b>

SCOTT

None of us had much sleep the night Jack shot up our house, but the others could sleep; I had to work. I'd missed a lot while in LA and Jerry was leaving early for his General Contractor classes. That fucker, Jack, had a skill set I hadn't even known about. On top of it all, I couldn't even go to the office. 

Jerry met me with everything I'd need to get work done today, but I had to work mostly out of my truck, although I also took a table at a McDonald's for lunch and used the free wifi to do some on-line work. I had to put proposals together for four houses. On the whole, it wasn't that hard. I'd done enough of them, it was half a days work if none of the proposals involved complex work I'd need an engineer for. 

I called Detective Riley a couple times. There was nothing more they could tell me. They were looking, but Jack was difficult to find. He'd learned some tricks in the military before receiving his bad conduct discharge. When I got home, check that, Mistress Dark's home, the girls had gotten up around three and started working. Mistress Dark had food ready to go on the table. 

During the tail end of supper, she wanted to discuss what punishments should be administered for Julia's seizure of her slaves. It had to happen sometime. I knew how angry I would be if some guy had attempted the same with mine. Hell, I was angry at Sam for buying them when I sold them, because I hadn't believed he would, and just taking them would be worse. Mistress Dark proposed having Julia as her slave for the day. That seemed fair. I'd have a problem with it if she was a Master, but as long as Julia didn't need to fuck other men, I'd be game. Mistress Dark was currently training two females and one male, and I knew she used her slaves to assist in training. I'd speak to her privately later to make sure Julia wasn't used for training the male.

The actual punishment she proposed for all involved was harsh. Ten swats with a cane. I'd seen the marks and bruises left on Slut with a cane. They tended to last for several days. They didn't seem permanent. Slut had no marks on her at the current time, but Julia would live with the reminder for quite some time. As much as I wanted to protest, I kept my mouth shut. Like I said, I knew how upset I would be. Ten swats of a cane might be the least which occurred if it was me.

I was pleased Mistress Dark gave her a way out. Tell her how Julia expropriated her slaves, and she'd cut the caning by half if Julia wore a Slave Trainer for 24 hours. Julia refused because she'd promised Slut she wouldn't give away her secret. Fortunately, Slut herself was not eager to get caned ten times, so she told Julia she was free to speak. 

It was quite an interesting tale. It showed quite a bit of subtlety and a keen understanding of the slave mind. Mistress Dark asked if I knew Julia was a switch, and I said I didn't until recently. I informed her of what Julia had done with Janet when she expressed curiosity about submission. Julia said she liked dominating women, though not Lisa. She said she'd love to do the same to Zoe, or any other slave I slept with. Great! All I needed was to have other Dominants pissed off at my slave for pulling the same shit.

"You're not to attempt this with any other owners slaves, particularly Zoe," I said. "She's been too good to us and I don't want you to suffer more punishments from other owners."

"Yes, Master," Julia replied, looking contrite.

"Zoe is another slave?" Mistress Dark asked.

"Another one of Brianna's," I muttered, giving Julia an angry glare. 

Then, provided the reduced punishment, Julia threw another monkey wrench in the works by saying she'd accept all of the punishments for all the slaves as she considered herself primarily responsible for everything and didn't want others to suffer for what her misdeeds. I was proud of her for accepting responsibility, but scared. She'd had her ten reduced to half that, then doubled to twenty when Julia asked to take everyone's punishment. Mistress Dark was impressed, though she wasn't blatant about it. She still questioned if Julia knew what she was doing. Lisa, bless her heart, jumped in to say she'd take half for her sister slave; they were in this together. So both of my slaves would end up with ten again, but at least no one would end up with twenty.

Mistress Dark said her slaves had choices and chose to be used and were responsible for their own actions. When all was said and done, Mistress Dark had her own slaves receive being suspended for the night, two strokes of the cane and Slave Trainers for a day. Lisa was getting suspended for the night, eight strokes and a Slave Trainer for the night; and Julia being suspended, receiving eight strokes of the cane, Slave Trainer for a day and Mistress Dark's possession of Julia from eight AM tomorrow morning to eight AM the following day. For her bravery in volunteering to accept all of the caning, Mistress Dark broke it down to four strokes tonight and four more tomorrow morning instead of all eight at once. She would have her new slaves witnessing their punishment.

"Have you anything further to add, Scott?" Mistress Dark asked.

"Yes. Since their actions have deprived me of the services of both my slaves for the night, I will administer further punishment as well when I deem it appropriate." I may not be able to paddle their behinds for awhile, but they would receive something.

"May I ask a favor of you, Lucia?" Julia asked.

"What favor would you ask of me, Julia?" 

"Since Master will be bereft of a slave tonight, could I ask you to provide what comfort you can. I don't ask that you fuck him, but to be a warm naked body to sleep with would be nice."

"I can do this for you."

Even after incurring my anger and being punished for her sins, Julia was looking out for me. I frequently wondered what I'd done in my life to deserve her.

As the slaves cleaned up after supper, I had a chance for a few brief words with Mistress Dark.

"Thank you," I said, "for not making it worse than it was. I appreciate your forbearance. I know they'll hate wearing the Slave Trainers, but it could have been much worse."

"Actually, the Slave Trainers, at least for tonight, are for their benefit. While an orgasm is preferable for the production of endorphins, arousal does help. They will be very uncomfortable being suspended as I'll suspend them, and eight strokes of the cane is pretty bad."

"I have one more favor to ask and I know I don't have the right, but I know you use your slaves in the training of the new ones, would it be possible..."

"Not to use her to train any men," she interrupted. "I remember why you almost gave your slaves up. I won't use her for any men."

"Thank you."

"She will be used on the women, however."

"I understand. I have no issues with that."

"I'll request a favor of you in return. After their caning tonight, fuck both of their asses. While it may give them an orgasm, the pain of you fucking their sore buttocks will add something to their punishment. It's better to do it tonight than tomorrow morning after they've had the second four."

"I'll be happy to do so."

"Since I have Julia tomorrow, she won't be able to work on the bed."

"The others can do without her for the day. I'm wondering if it might be possible for the two other slaves to start working on the furniture if this goes on much longer? I hate them being paid and not working and we've got a ton of business now."

"Who?"

"You remember Reneé from the Memorial Day party? She became Jerry's slave and has started working for them. The other one is the girl Janet, Julia's been working with as dominant. Chen put his collar on her this weekend."

"As long as it doesn't endanger anyone here," she said.

"We'll teach them the tricks we've learned for evading a tail."

"Then I have no objection. I wouldn't mind seeing both of them. Reneé was a lovely girl. It seems you created quite a landslide in slave ownership in your friends."

"Chen was reluctant, but he recently realized the benefits of owning a slave that wanted to be owned."

Once the dishes were done, we all went to the dungeon. Mistress Dark proceeded to demonstrate a suspension I'd never seen before, called a strappado. With their arms bound straight behind their backs, they were hooked to a ceiling tie and when the rope was raised, it forced their body forward. It looked uncomfortable. She also had spreader bars spreading their legs apart. Despite their discomfort, it still appeared all four slaves were aroused from the glistening of the fluids on their cunts.

Suspended, the Slave Trainers were put on. They were new to me. Slightly larger dildos in their cunts and could be plugged in while used. She said when they weren't plugged in, the battery lasted longer. None of the slaves seemed to have any difficulty taking the larger cock pieces. They all faced one another so they could witness the punishment of the others.

When I saw it the new Slave Trainer, I told Mistress Dark I might need to purchase them for my own slaves and Julia and Lisa flinched, as if struck. Almost enough reason to buy them as far as I was concerned. She also told me there was a new model with both vaginal and anal probes, though it only lasted as long as the model I had now. She said she wasn't using that one today so I could fuck their asses when their punishment phase concluded. 

Mistress Dark let them hang with the Trainers running, allowing their endorphin levels to rise. After picking out a wicked looking cane, she began the caning in the order the Slave Trainers had been inserted; Slut, Rose, Lisa, and Julia. All of them jumped as much as their positions allowed when the cane came down, their cries muffled by ball gags. My two slaves did fairly well; jumping wildly for the first couple swats, as Slut and Rose did, then seeming to sink inside themselves, the next couple seeming to have less effect. 

After Mistress Dark signed to me to begin, I plunged into Julia's ass, running my fingers along the welts raised by the cane. She spasmed, cumming, driving herself backward on my cock, striving to be filled deeper. I fucked her hard, stomach slapping against her bottom, each one making her flinch, but moan, until she climaxed again, her rectum strangling my cock as she shuddered. Pulling out of her, and plunging into Lisa, with the same result.

While I fucked Lisa, Mistress Dark rubbed some brownish goop on the stripes of her slaves, and they reacted as if they were struck again, groaning. She moved to Julia, whispered in her ear, then smoothed the stuff over Julia's bum and she struggled against her bonds, muffled cries as she jumped about. Lisa climaxed again and I was still going strong so I moved back to Julia, plunging through her star again, invading her buttocks. Julia seemed to be dreaming, almost catatonic as I fucked her ass, though she still climaxed again. She was tight, due to the cock piece of the Trainer filling her cunt, not vibrating for now as with her orgasm, it stopped. I finally emptied myself into her, a fountain of cum spewing into her.

Their gags were removed and Lucia kissed Julia's cheek, asking if she was okay. Julia couldn't speak, gasping for air, but nodded her head, 'yes'. Lucia moved to Lisa, who also whispered she was fine. I kissed Julia, touching her cheek, stroking her hair, pushing a loose strand behind an ear.

"Please don't do anything to be punished like this again," I said.

Only her head moved, a slight 'no', still gasping. 

I did the same with Lisa.

"I never want see you punished like this again, nor do it myself. Leave other owners slaves alone."

"Yes, Master," she replied softly.

I took Lucia's hand and I left, though I did ask Mistress Dark if they could be left like that all night. The strain on their arms and shoulders looked considerable.

She quietly told me the pressure would be eased every hour and their shoulders massaged by the other slaves. They'd be provided water and allowed to use the facilities. Reassured, I felt I could leave.

Lucia and I went to our room with a brief stop at the community bathroom to use the facilities, shower, and brush our teeth. We climbed into bed together. I pulled her into my arms. 

"You're trembling," she said.

"I was scared for them."

"You hid it well."

"They earned it. I didn't want to minimize what they'd done. If a man had tried to use them as they did Rose and Slut, I'd be horribly angry."

"Yet you sold them," she said.

"I didn't expect they'd be sold to men. I only wanted them to think they could be sold. I won't be that reckless again."

"It was arousing to watch them be sold."

"I could tell. The sounds of women gasping in pleasure was all around me that night. Of course, their gasps of pleasure made me think of my own slaves being fucked as well. I didn't sleep well."

"I'm sorry. I thought it was somewhat mean. I've seen how much you love them."

I chuckled, though humorlessly. "It was, but it also made my lesson very vivid. I'm unlikely to do anything like that again."

She snuggled deeper into my arms in response. I could feel my cock stir in response. Not now, I thought to myself, Lucia's off limits. 

"I saw Sergeant Meadows talking to you. She asked me if you were involved with anyone. What did you talk about?"

"She asked if I was free to go out. I told her I was unavailable if she was interested in romance, but free if all she wanted to do was fuck. I also told her I could use a workout partner to keep up my martial arts skills, and would love to do so naked. She didn't know of anyplace where that could happen."

Fuck! The imagery that created in my head caused mini me to stir again. Not just stir; it was starting to poke uncomfortably against her bottom. 

"Would you like to relieve yourself in me, sir?" Lucia asked.

"It wouldn't be right. You're not even fertile. It would feel like a violation."

"If you attempted to take me against my will, it would be, Master Scott. But I'm freely offering. I think your slaves would appreciate if I did it for you. I'd prefer if we didn't do it anally, but you may use my cunt or mouth if you like. I haven't been able to cum since early this afternoon. Lisa and I pleasured each other before getting up to work. I'd like to cum again."

God, so would I.

"Of those two, which would you most enjoy?" I asked.

"My cunt, Master Scott. I'm required to know how to give a man oral sex to arouse him for fucking, but I don't normally have to swallow their cum as it's intended to help me conceive. I'd prefer not doing it now, but I will if you wish it."

"Your cunt would be more than fine," I replied. "Why don't you ride. Go at whatever speed gives you the most pleasure."

Without another word, Lucia pulled out of my arms and pushed me on my back. She placed my cock at the entrance to her cunt and sank down slowly over me, a tiny whimper of pleasure as I filled her. She moved nice and slow for the most part, rocking back and forth, using every inch of my prick, grinding her clit against my groin. For many long minutes, the only sounds the wet squelching sounds of my cock sluicing through her sopping pussy. She only sped up as her orgasm approached, whimpering delightfully as she climaxed. 

I still hadn't cum yet after my earlier orgasm, so after her trembling shudders ended, she started moving some more, the same slow fucking she'd done before.

"Play with my breasts, sir," Lucia murmured. 

Happy to oblige, I stroked and massaged those lovely mammaries, tweaking and lightly pinching her nipples. She gasped and started riding me faster. 

"I'm going to cum again soon. Are you close, sir?" She moaned.

"Pretty close," I acknowledged, breathing faster. "It won't take long. Would you like to cum with me?"

"Please, sir."

I let her maintain the speed, but drove up into her deep which each movement down she made. She was gasping hard, a look of rapture on her face. 

"Cum now," I ordered, already filling her belly with my baby makers. Too bad they'd go to waste. She tightened around me, orgasming as she did, her satisfied moans music to my ears. She rode out her climax on my cock, sighing her pleasure.

She climbed off my shrinking cock to clean me. I directed her to get in a sixty-nine, "Since you have no one else to clean you," I said.

I was able to give her another orgasm before we settled down for the night.

"That was nice, sir," she whispered, once again tucked against me, though this time front to front.

"For me too. Thank you, Lucia." 

******

At 5:15, there was a soft knock on my door. Lucia was instantly awake and alert, the gun picked off the floor. It took me a few seconds to catch up. There was a second knock before I asked, "What is it?" 

"I'm about to give your slaves the second half of their caning. Would you like to be present?" Mistress Dark replied.

Lucia set the gun under the pillow with her hand remaining on it, just in case.

"Give me a minute," I replied. "I would like to see how they're doing."

"Just wanted to do it early enough you can use them before you need to eat and leave. I'll hold off for a few."

I got out of bed, and wandered down to the restroom where I took care of business and brushed my teeth again, Lucia beside me. Mistress Dark was waiting for us when we exited. She led us back to her dungeon spaces.

On the way, remembering Lucia's discussion with Sergeant Meadows, I asked Mistress Dark if she had a place where she and her slaves exercised and what they did for exercise. 

"Primarily yoga, and some pilates. I also have a stationary bike and treadmill. Why do you ask?"

"Lucia was hoping to spar with a woman police sergeant who was helping us out on Monday night. She'd like to keep up her Martial Arts training. Could the room be used for that?"

Lucia looked at me in surprise. Hell, she'd let me fuck her last night. It was the least I could do.

"It could," she replied. "We might want to move a couple things out of the way depending on how vigorous their training was, but it's doable."

"Would you care if they worked out nude?" I asked.

Mistress Dark smiled. "Has anything I've ever done given you the impression I didn't like naked women?"

I admitted she hadn't.

"If they want to work out nude, I'm sure something can be arranged. I'd enjoy seeing it for myself."

Lucia hugged me. Good, she was happy. "Let the Sergeant know you have found a place to work out naked. I'm sure she'll be thrilled," I said.

"Thank you, sir."

Reaching our destination, while Slut and Rose were left in place, Mistress Dark replaced the ball gags on my slaves and gave them their final four strokes with the cane. The four last night were still visible and angry looking, the next four layered over them. They each squirmed quite violently as they were laid on. Still, they'd been edged all night by the Slave Trainers, and might have cum, groans and moans intermingled behind their gags. Mistress Dark rubbed the goop on their bottoms once more, their reactions telling me the stuff had to burn. 

Mistress Dark told me to use my slaves again. Their mouths at crotch level, I thrust into Julia's mouth, using her throat. When I felt myself a few minutes from cumming, I shifted to Lisa and finished off in her, allowing her to take it all. My prick still slimy, Julia was permitted to clean me. 

Once again, I caressed their faces, then wished them a pleasant day. "I'll see you when I'm done with work."

I got dressed and left quickly, deciding I'd eat on the way. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
******

Still no progress on finding Jack, according to Detective Riley when I called him at lunch time. The guy was a ghost. He couldn't even be sure he was still in the area. I was reasonably certain he was. A different fast food joint for food and wifi at lunch, Arby's this time. I was wondering if I should go looking for Jack myself. Maybe I could draw him out. If he did want to follow me from work, maybe I should go to work and see if I could lead him into a trap, like the idiot on Saturday.

I got home after work and sat down for supper. Julia was made to get under the table and lick all the women to orgasm, except Mistress Dark's two slaves, still wearing their Slave Trainers as was Julia. Still, there were lots of their fluids running down their legs and Julia had to lick that up. 

I was feeding Lisa and she was seated on my lap, her punishments done this morning. She'd occasionally flinch when she sat wrong on my lap, her bottom still tender. When it was Lisa's turn to be licked, she spread her legs over mine so Julia could lick her, the resulting orgasm welcome. I noticed Julia licked my cock a couple times in the process. I thought perhaps Mistress Dark would have Julia suck me off, but it was only the females she served. She was able to get everyone off without much difficulty. I suspected she'd had a lot of practice today. We were only half done with the meal when she took her seat, her face slathered in girl cum which she didn't bother to wipe off.

At 7:30 PM, the Slave Trainers were dying and they'd been on for twenty four hours. Mistress Dark removed them, much our slaves relief. They each had to lick them clean, then sanitize them before we could rejoin us. Julia returned and knelt at Mistress Dark's feet, not yet mine again. She was waiting for her next command. 

"Scott," Mistress Dark said. "I'm sure this little slut is dying to cum right now. Why don't you fuck hell out of her for an hour, then I'll send Rose to your room to retrieve her."

Now I realized why Julia hadn't sucked my cock at supper. I was being saved for something special. Julia kissed MD's feet.

"Thank you, Mistress," she said.

I practically dragged Julia to the bedroom and had my way with her, fucking her cunt to completion twice, then her ass. Julia climaxed over and over, kept on edge for the last day. We didn't even talk, too busy fucking, her face still slathered in women's cum. It was so thick and dried, I couldn't kiss her face, though I kissed her boobs, belly and back as we fucked. Lisa joined us halfway through and kissed her, then rode her mouth as I fucked her, leaving another layer of cum on her. Rose came to fetch her as I withdrew from her ass.

"Thank you, sir, for fucking a neglected slave girl," she called out as Rose dragged her away. 

Lucia joined us after Julia was taken away. The two women pleasured one another until I recovered, then I fucked Lisa as she licked Lucia. I was unwilling to take advantage of Lucia again since I finally had one of my own slaves back. We were all still pretty tired, so when I orgasmed in Lisa, we settled in for the night, Lisa sleeping between us, protecting Lucia from my sleeping cock.

******

The following morning, Julia was again under the table serving all the women, though she was also told to serve me. I happily sent a load of cum down her throat, almost as eager to give it as she seemed to receive it. Her slavery would end after I left for work.

"Why don't you call Janet and Reneé and have them start working here today," I said. "At the moment, I don't know when the police are going to capture Jack. Explain how to make sure they're not followed. Have them come together in a single car so one can watch out the back window while the other drives."

"Yes, Master," Lisa replied. Julia was still buried in MD's cunt.

"Lucia, invite Sergeant Meadows over to work out with you at her convenience."

"Thank you, sir."

"It's to our benefit if you maintain your skills. You might want to ask her if she thinks there's a way to lure Jack out of hiding, perhaps offering me as bait."

"He seems more interested in Lisa than you, sir," Lucia replied.

"That may be true, but I'm not serving my slaves up as bait. Let's see if he bites on me first."

Julia paused in her duties. "Master, no. We don't want to lose you."

"I won't be stupid about it. We've got to get him out of our lives. We can't stay here forever. Which reminds me; the next time Mistress Dark needs groceries, have her give the list to you. We'll pay."

MD pulled Julia back into her cunt, so it was Lisa who answered, "Yes, Master."

"Thank you, Scott, but I'm feeding slaves in training. I don't expect you to pay for them."

"Then your bed frame is free. We won't stay here depending on your largesse."

"That's very generous."

"You're probably saving us a hundred a night in motel bills and feeding us, in addition to us filling up your house and interfering in your business."

"It hasn't been without it's compensations, Scott," MD said, rubbing my slave's face in her pussy as she climaxed, moaning.

I laughed. "My slave earned that."

"Still, a compensation of your presence," she panted.

"I'll see you all tonight," I said. "Take care."

Julia was still lapping up Mistress Dark's cum as I left. Damn, tonight was poker night. I had to call Chen and let him know I wouldn't be coming. More shit Jack was spoiling for me.

******

JULIA

At eight, I was released by Mistress Dark, my Master's once again. Lisa had called Reneé and Janet and told them where to come to work; Lucia explaining how to make sure they weren't followed. Since Reneé was more on the way, Janet had picked her up. They were arriving as I was released, and I greeted them with cum on my face. Reneé knew Mistress Dark, Rose and Slut from Memorial Day and hugged them all. We introduced Janet all around.

"So this is the woman you've been training to be a slave?" Mistress Dark asked, moving around Janet, inspecting her. "Are you bare beneath your clothes?"

"Yes, Mistress Dark," Janet said.

"Let me see. Strip and Display."

Janet removed her clothing with alacrity, then displayed. Mistress Dark inspected her again, fondling a taut nipple, running a finger through her slit and testing her wetness, feeding Janet her finger after.

"Kneel," she said, and Janet got on her knees.

"Can she lick cunt?" Mistress Dark asked. Janet blushed.

"It's all the sex she was allowed to have until this past Thursday, Mistress," I answered.

"Show me, slave."

Mistress Dark stood with her legs apart and let Janet please her until she climaxed. Now both of us had cum on our faces.

"She's been well trained, Julia. Have you punished her yet?"

"Only hand, whip and Enforcer, Mistress. Plus figging. Janet gave me a list of things she wished to explore to test her submissiveness before she took a Master. Figging was on her list."

Slut and Rose looked at each other, puzzled. Their puzzlement made me suspect they hadn't been figged before. Perhaps I should suggest it to Mistress Dark. No. I think I'll leave her slaves alone unless she invites me to play with them. I've learned my lesson.

"You did well, slave."

"Thank you, Mistress Dark," I said.

"Turn around and show your friends your backside."

I turned to show Reneé and Janet the eight cane marks on my buttocks. Both of them gasped quite loudly. Janet reached out and ran her finger tips along the welts.

"What have you been doing, Domina?" Janet asked.

"I was caned for dominating Mistress Dark's slaves as I did you, Janet. I highly recommend you leave them alone." I turned and pointed to my cum covered face. "Mistress Dark also owned me for the past day as punishment. I was just released from her service." 

"Just a friendly warning in case any other people wish to consider messing with my slaves," Mistress Dark said.

They both nodded. Reneé took that moment to break the tension.

"Jerry took pictures of your house when the men boarded up your broken windows. I've got them on my phone," Reneé said.

"Let me clean up my face before you show us," I said. "I've had a cum mask for the last day."

I washed my face, then we all looked over the photos, including Mistress Dark and her two slaves.

"Jerry counted two broken windows and over forty bullet holes in the siding," Reneé said. "Some of the furniture inside was damaged by gunfire as well. It was pretty shot up." 

There were fifteen to twenty photos, some showing damage to the outside, others the inside.

"That means we need to deal with the insurance company and have to replace or repair lots of stuff. What a fucking pain in the ass," Lisa said. "Plus my house next door. And what's the point of fixing it if it can just be destroyed again. You and Chen shouldn't move in until he's caught either. We don't want stray bullets catching you, either. I hate that fucking man. My dad warned me about him; said he didn't seem right. Would I listen? Noooo."

I hugged Lisa. "I don't think anyone knew how off he was."

"The Marine Corps did. He got a bad conduct discharge, for Christ's sake. They want you to kill people and they didn't want him. That should have been a fucking clue."

I had to laugh. "Well, you missed it. No point in crying over spilt milk. I just want him out of our lives now. Reneé, please send copies of the pictures to me." Changing gears. "Have you talked to Sergeant Meadows yet, Lucia?"

"I talked to her as she was going off shift. She's going home to sleep seven hours and she'll come over after. Should be here around 4:30."

"Who's Sergeant Meadows?" Janet asked.

"The police officer in charge when our house got shot up. She has the hots for Lucia. She's coming over so they can spar, maybe fuck afterward."

"Really?" Reneé said. "Is she cute?"

"Tall, lean, really dark black woman," Lucia said. "I thought she looked dynamite."

"I wouldn't kick her out of bed either," I said. "She's very striking."

"Can we watch you spar?" Janet asked.

"I think we should leave it up to her," Lucia said. "I don't care, but she may be shy."

"Why would she be shy?" Reneé asked.

"Lucia offered to spar nude," I said.

"Now I want to watch too," Reneé said.

"As would I," Mistress Dark said, "but if she's a police officer, I imagine the decision is up to her. Don't you slaves have my bed to finish?"

"Yes, Mistress Dark," half of us replied. Everyone who'd ever had to serve her before. 

Since we had the others today, Rose and Slut went back to helping their Mistress while the rest of us went to the garage to work. We couldn't open the garage door, so we worked in the heat naked. We broke for lunch, then returned to our work.

A little later in the afternoon, Janet was close to me and said, "Chen and I were disappointed we had to cancel our dinner at your house. He was hoping to learn more from you, Domina."

"Believe me. We were sorry too. Did you come up with something you wanted to explore?"

"Hot wax, Domina."

"Since we're here, I could ask about Mistress Dark about it. We've never played with wax, but perhaps she has, though I don't think we'll be able to do anything with it until we go home. Has Chen been fucking more like a Master and less like a boyfriend?" 

Janet got this syrupy, dreamy look on her face. "Yes, Domina."

I laughed. "Good for you. Does he keep you naked at home?"

"Yes, Domina, and as a result, he's fucking me more. He's a wonderful lover. Of course, you know."

"I think everyone here except Lucia and Mistress Dark knows. It was a wild party on Memorial Day. All the slaves were well fucked by everyone. Does that bother you?"

"It was before I knew him, Domina. I knew he'd had sex before. I'd had sex before."

"I wonder. When you fucked me and Reneé, was it exciting to be fucking the same people Chen had? It thrills me to fuck Master's old college girlfriend."

"I hadn't thought of it, Domina. It was enough to imagine I was fucking a woman. I'd never done so before."

"Yes, the first few times I fucked a woman, it was pretty much all I thought of. Mistress Dark was my first, Gwen was my second. Lisa was my third. There have been at least two dozen since. Everyone here, including the new chicks. Several people at Brianna's. It's no big deal anymore." I hugged her.

We worked hard, but since Sergeant Meadows was coming at 4:30, we broke at 4:00, so everyone could shower and put on clothes, at least until we found out what she wanted to do or would allow. Only Mistress Dark's slaves remained nude.

Sergeant Meadows was prompt. Lucia answered the door. Sergeant Meadows was wearing tight work out gear. She looked sexy as hell. Lucia introduced her to everyone, including Mistress Dark and her two slaves. She took note of Mistress Dark's title and the nudity of her two slaves. 

"I read the River's police report after the attack the other night, and I knew you two," pointing to Lisa and I, "were submissives to her husband. I thought it was a relatively rare occurrence. Now, I'm beginning to wonder."

"It's more common than you might think, Sergeant Meadows," Lucia replied. "Everyone here is a submissive with the exception of Mistress Dark, who actually trains other submissives and dominants."

She pointed to everyone else. "Why aren't the rest of you naked?"

"We didn't want you to feel out of place," I said. "Mistress Dark's slaves are naked because this is their home. The rest of us dressed until we discovered if you'd have an objection to our nudity."

"So none of the rest of you live here?"

"Obviously, you know where Lisa and I live. Lucia normally resides in Los Angeles with her Mistress but is staying with us temporarily. Reneé lives with her Master, my husband's friend and coworker. Janet has her own apartment, but I suspect she'll soon be moving in with her new Master, who purchased the house next door to us, Lisa's former house. Reneé and Janet work for Lisa and I making bondage furniture, one of which we're finishing for Mistress Dark."

She asked Lucia, "Is that why you said you're unavailable for romance; you have a Mistress?"

"Yes, I care for her very deeply and have no intention of leaving her."

"But she doesn't care if you fuck other women?"

"No," Lucia said, smiling. "She has a lot of slaves and allows us to seek pleasure where we can find it."

"Where are we going to work out and spar?" Sergeant Meadows asked.

Mistress Dark said, "Slut will show you the way."

"Slut?"

"It's not her real name, but it suits her," Mistress Dark said.

Rose and MD went to look in on her new slaves while Slut led everyone else to the exercise room. She opened the door and showed us inside. I looked around too. If we were going to be here for long, I needed to start exercising as well.

"After your workout, you're invited to have supper with us, Mistress," Slut said. "Do you need to go to work tonight?"

"Midnight and I'm not your Mistress."

"Everyone who isn't a slave, I'm required to address as Mistress, unless you'd like to see me punished."

"Fine. Call me Mistress."

"Thank you, Mistress. Should I set an extra plate for supper?"

"Please, that would be lovely."

Slut departed. 

"If you have no objection, Sergeant Meadows, the others were hoping to watch us spar," Lucia said.

"Call me Rhonda, please. I guess it's okay as long as they stay to the side so they don't get hurt."

"Rhonda. An unusual name for a black woman isn't it?" I asked.

"My parents liked The Beach Boys. What can I say."

"Is that why you became a police officer?" I asked.

She looked at me inquisitively.

"Help me, Rhonda. People asking you for help?"

She laughed. "Maybe, but no one's asked me to get her out of their heart yet."

Lucia asked, "We were hoping to undress again. We're more comfortable naked. Would you mind if we stripped?"

She thought about it for a few seconds. "Shit, I don't care. Do as you please."

The rest of the slaves undressed, including Lucia, her sparring partner. Rhonda appraised her. 

"You've got a tight body, lots of tone. You look good."

"Thank you. You look nice yourself. Long shapely legs, nice tight glutes, flat stomach. I'm imagining those long legs wrapped around my head."

Rhonda blushed. I'd always wondered if you could tell if someone black blushed, especially someone as dark as Rhonda was. It wasn't easy to see, but you could see it, though more by attitude than coloring, which was very subtle.

She glanced at us, wondering what we thought of the comment.

"Don't look at us," I said, "we're all wondering the same thing."

"Are you all lesbians?" She asked.

"Only Lucia," I answered, "but we all appreciate a nicely turned out woman anymore. We've all had sex with women. Reneé is bi, but you definitely look good enough to eat, even to me."

She blushed again. Cute. They started stretching prior to sparring. It looked like Rhonda had a six or seven inch height advantage on Lucia, with the attendant advantage in reach. I wondered about that and what Lucia would do to counter it. But Lucia was probably used to taller opponents. Both Marcia and Chantelle were taller than she was, and they were the ones who trained her. Rhonda also appeared to be stronger than Lucia, her muscles rolling under her skin while Lucia appeared the more wiry of the two. When they were ready, Lucia bowed to Rhonda and started bouncing around on the balls of her feet.

The action, when it occurred, was sudden and abrupt, a flurry of activity so fast it was hard to follow with the eyes, mostly sounds, like slapping, as various strikes and hits were blocked or parried, then back to circling. It appeared to me that Lucia was attempting to negate the reach advantage by getting closer to Rhonda, inside her reach.

"You're slippery," Rhonda said.

"An advantage of nudity. Nothing dry to grab hold of."

Another flurry. Smack, smack, smack, smack, then break.

"Good one," Lucia said, rubbing her ribs. 

"You too," Rhonda said, massaging her inner thigh. 

I hadn't notice either blow land; that's how fast the action was. They went for another fifteen minutes, starting to breathe hard. 

"Do you mind if I take off these things," Rhonda said, panting, pointing to her exercise gear.

"I was hoping you would," Lucia said, smiling. 

It looked like Lucia had a bruise on her ribs and cheek, and one of her calves. I couldn't see any on Rhonda, but I suspected they were there, her skin hiding bruises like they did her blushing. She pulled the sweat soaked, skin tight clothing off, showing smaller sized breasts and a closely trimmed cunt. It was hard to tell if she was wet with sweat or arousal, probably both, but her pussy glistened. Now when they grappled, it would be even, both slick skinned.

After Rhonda stripped off, they started again, hard. As far as I could tell, neither one of them had a clear advantage. There was grunting and slapping and the unmistakable scent of arousal with two lesbians wrestling naked with each other. Mistress Dark and her two naked slaves came in about five minutes later, watching, eyes bright and wide. Lisa and I were holding hands, observing our protector going head to head with a larger trained opponent. Janet and Reneé were doing the same, and I think we were all nearly as aroused as the two combatants. Finally, I saw Lucia do this amazing thing where she had hold of Rhonda's wrist, swung her legs up around her neck, unbalancing Rhonda and bringing her to the ground. It looked like something out of an Avenger's movie; something Black Widow would have done. One of Rhonda's arms was locked in two of Lucia's and Lucia's legs were locked around Rhonda's neck. 

"Yield," Lucia said.

If Rhonda could have turned around, she'd be eating Lucia's cunt, they were locked that tight together. Rhonda tried to pull Lucia's legs off with her free hand, but didn't have the strength or grip to do so. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
She tapped Lucia's thigh, "I give."

Lucia relaxed her legs and Rhonda lay on her back, puffing hard.

"It's been a long damn time since another woman beat me," she panted. 

Lucia got up and sat on Rhonda's stomach. She bent down and kissed her, then sat up slightly, about a foot away from Rhonda's face. 

"I want to fuck you so bad right now. Mistress Dark, how long until supper?" Lucia asked.

"Scott won't be here for another 45 minutes," MD said.

Lucia leaned down and kissed her again. "Plenty of time. Right here, right now, or do you want to shower first?"

Rhonda looked around at the seven other people in the room. Lucia laughed. "You're shy. Could you please give us a little privacy, please?" Lucia called out. "She wants to do it now, but without an audience."

As we filed out of the room, Lucia was sliding down Rhonda's sweat soaked body and those long legs were going around her head. 

******

Lucia and Rhonda recovered enough to shower and join us for supper. Janet left to feed Chen prior to the poker game, but Reneé was here. Since Master was home, Rhonda was somewhat attired. By somewhat, I mean she was wearing a thin t-shirt over her small boobs and some brief cotton panties. Her prominent nipples made cute bumps on her tee. Master didn't make a big deal about her being at the dinner table with us. He greeted her as if she were a member of the family, though still calling her Sergeant Meadows as he wasn't here when she told us her first name. She told him he could call her Rhonda. 

This is the first time in awhile that I was Master's slave to play with so I sat in his lap and he fed me. In deference to Rhonda, he was wearing shorts, though they didn't hide the fact he was sporting an erection. When the meal concluded, he gave me two orgasms by finger fucking me as he usually did when he fed one of his slaves. Rhonda was somewhat surprised by the blatant sexuality of it all, but also aroused, as evidenced by the damp spot on her panties. No one was too surprised when she and Lucia disappeared immediately after supper. Reneé left, looking like Jerry would get a good fucking later.

Master had the same idea and after we'd helped clean up after supper, we were all in the room next to theirs banging as well. Master had Lisa and I lined up on our hands and knees on the bed next to each other and fucked first one, then the other. He finally ended injecting his cum into me, Lisa cleaning us both up. Since the room was on the small side and Rhonda and Lucia were making too much noise to rest, we got up and joined Mistress Dark and the others in her dungeon. Mistress Dark was leaning back in a comfortable chair while all three of the slaves in training took turns licking her cunt to improve their skills. While they were working on her, Slut would fuck their asses with a big strap on. The male was in his cock cage, fighting the urge to get an erection. MD had a riding crop. Every time they slacked, the crop came down on their backsides. The male had the most red marks on his. Fighting his urge to get hard while licking cunt and getting pegged not doing much for his concentration. 

I showed Master the photos of our house Reneé sent me. He was getting angrier at Jack as he looked at each picture. 

"I want him out of my life so bad I can taste it," he said.

"I'll call the insurance company tomorrow, sir," I said, "get started on the paperwork."

"We'll need a copy of the police report."

"We'll tell Rhonda before she leaves. Master, you should have seen the fight between her and Lucia. It was incredible. It looked like an action movie. Rhonda started in skin tight clothing and Lucia was naked. About halfway through, Rhonda stripped off her clothes as well. Lucia finally got her in a submission hold and Rhonda had to yield. Then, they couldn't wait to have sex. Kicked us out of the exercise room so they could get started. Everyone was horny afterward."

"I'd liked to have seen it. Nothing like a good catfight between two naked women."

"Not much like a catfight, Master," Lisa said. "No hair pulling or rolling around on the ground trying to strangle each other. It was more like an MMA fight. Kicks and punches so fast you could hardly see them. Some throws and holds, but neither of them could get much of a grip on one another. It was amazing."

"Has Lucia had the opportunity to ask Sergeant Meadows about trying to trap Jack?"

"We haven't had a chance to speak to her much, Master," I said. "I'm sure she's spoken of it, as she's looking after us."

"I imagine she has, but the sooner this is over, the better I'd like it."

"Me too, sir. Mistress Dark, may I please ask a question of you."

Mistress Dark sighed through another orgasm. "Of course, slave. Ask."

"Have you ever used hot wax, Mistress Dark."

"Yes, why do you wish to know?"

"Janet has stated she has an interest in experiencing it. I know nothing about it. I'd like to know in order to show her."

"Would you like to experience it yourself?"

"How painful is it, Mistress."

"No more painful than a whipping if done right."

"Then yes, show me what it's like."

"Scott. Your permission is required."

"If Julia wants to try it out, I have no objection. Lisa, would you like to try it as well," Master asked.

"Yes, sir."

"They're both yours to wax," Master said.

"Rose, Slut, fasten them down on the benches," she ordered. "Then bring me one of the big red candles."

"Yes, Mistress," they both answered.

Rose led me to one of the padded benches in the dungeon, Lisa was led to the other. She fastened my cuffs to the table securing me down. Immediately, as with all other times I was tied down, I felt myself become wetter. Rose kissed me on the lips.

"Will it hurt," I whispered.

"Less than The Enforcer," she whispered back, and went for a candle. When we were prepared, Mistress Dark and Master wandered over. Master stood between the two benches and fondled our breasts as MD explained the process.

"Different waxes and paraffins melt at different temperatures, so every time you start with a new candle, you want to test it as you would a new paddle or other punishment device; on yourself. As the wax drips off the candle, away from the flame, it starts immediately to cool. The further it drops, the more time it has to cool. The closer you are to the skin you're dripping it onto, the more it will burn. You want it to sting, as you would the whip, but you don't want it to leave permanent burns."

Mistress Dark was handed a propane lighter and she lit the candle. She had to wait for hot wax to form in the top of the candle. 

As she waited, she further explained, "I'm familiar with these candles and the general height is approximately three feet over the surface to be dripped on, but I want you to experience this yourself. Hold up your leg."

Master lifted his leg and from about three feet up, she poured a little hot wax onto his thigh. Master flinched, but he didn't make a sound, prepared for it.

"Just as with the whip, some areas are more sensitive then others due to the increase nerve ending around them," she explained. "Three feet will still work without doing any damage, but it will hurt more dripped onto the breasts around the nipples and onto the vulva, so you can take that into consideration. You may wish to hold the candle higher in those areas so the relative level of pain remains the same. Rose, Slut, give these two slaves an orgasm to increase their endorphin levels."

Rose bent over me on the bench and started licking my slit. Due to my increased excitement, it only took a few minutes before I was writhing in orgasmic pleasure. When my spasms ended, she stopped. Lisa was going through the same, moaning as Slut sent her over the edge. It was already worth it to me.

"I'll do this slave, Scott. I want you to do Lisa so you can get used to it."

"Yes, Michelle."

Holding the candle three feet over my stomach, Mistress Dark poured a little of it's contents onto me. The wax landed, there was an immediate burning sensation which quickly ended as it cooled. The wax formed a wax shield as it cooled.

"Of course, pouring wax over wax, you can bring it closer as the wax protects the skin, so you'll usually move the candle to a new area to pour more."

More wax dripped onto a new area of my stomach. I stirred uncomfortably. It hurt, but not badly, and the pain quickly dissipated. 

"You can lower the candle slightly to increase the burning sensation." She demonstrated on me and indeed, the pain lasted slightly longer. "Or raise it for more sensitive areas." She dripped some wax on my breast. I moaned.

She waited until that wax cooled to the little crust, then lowered the candle and poured more in the same spot. I could feel the new hot wax drip on me, but the warmth was less, protected by the previous dripping. It formed a thicker crust.

Mistress Dark flicked off the waxy layer from my breast. "You can remove the old wax for a new sensation. It's already been sensitized by the previous wax. It's pink, like a very mild sunburn, so more to the same area stings slightly worse."

She dripped more onto the same spot and I groaned. It both burned and felt good. I felt myself becoming more liquid, my cunt like the hot wax itself, warm and wet. She dripped some on my nipple from a slightly greater height. I was close to cumming. She lowered back to three and dropped some on the other nipple. Burning, oh, so close. Dripping more in a string down my stomach, getting closer to my cunt. I closed my eyes. The dripping stopped. Wasn't she going to drip some on my pussy?

"Are you ready to cum, slave?" Mistress Dark asked me.

"Oh, yes, Mistress. Please let me cum."

Rhonda and Lucia came in, saw us all crowded together. Rhonda was modestly dressed again. I wondered if she'd wear anything if only women were here. They walked over to see what we were doing. Saw Mistress Dark tip the candle and hot wax spill on my clit, saw me cum, bucking agains my bonds, moaning.

"You people are into some weird shit," Rhonda said.

"Weirder than you and Lucia wanting to have sex after beating each other up?" Mistress Dark asked.

Rhonda laughed. "A little weirder than that, yeah."

"Would you like to try it?" Mistress Dark asked.

"No time. Normally, I'd say no fucking way, on general principles, if I hadn't seen her cum just now. But I need to shower and go to work soon."

Lucia put her arm around Rhonda and kissed her. "You might not be able to cum like Julia does."

"Why not?"

"She's a sex slave and always close to cumming. Plus, we sex slaves usually like a little pain with our pleasure."

"Is that why you wanted me to spank you?"

So, Lucia let Rhonda spank her. Interesting.

"Yes, and you saw how easily I orgasmed when you did. It's the act of submission we get off on."

"Did you talk to Sergeant Meadows about trying to set a trap for Jack?" Master asked Lucia.

Rose was releasing me as they talked. My feet first, then my hands. I sat up, some of the wax flaking off. I could see doing this to Janet. She'd probably enjoy it as much as I had. I stood beside Rose, listening, my hand around her waist.

"She did," Rhonda responded. "I'll talk to Detective Riley and my superiors. We don't like to use civilians as bait, but perhaps we can come up with something we can all live with."

"If you can get permission for two of us civilians to drive off in your police cars, I might have a way," Lucia said.

"How?" Rhonda asked, intrigued.

"Have two officers a car drive us up to Master Scott's house in daylight. Everyone gets out and goes into the house. Inside, we wait until it's late, well after dark. In the meantime we put on the officers uniforms and around eleven, get into the two squad cars and drive off, leaving four policemen in the house. If he tries breaking in, four armed officers are waiting."

"What if he's got night vision goggles?" Rhonda asked.

"I'm assuming you've frozen his accounts. He can't have a ton of money now. He's lost places to stay and his vehicle. He might have had night gear from before, but if he's had to buy it recently, it would have to be cheap, unless he has a ton of cash. He's had to replace sleeping bags, maybe get a tent, eat. Plus, most civilian issue isn't great, unless you spend a ton of money on it. You can see mostly heat signatures or body outlines, and if they're relatively the same size and we have the hats and uniforms on, he might not be able to get significant details. What he'll know is eight people went into the house and four people left in two squad cars. Assuming he would believe we can't drive off in squad cars, it might be enough to pull it off. We'd have to come back when it's still dark and do the same thing in reverse, like you're collecting us to bring us back to a safe house, but it might work. Even if he followed the squad cars afterward to see where you were bringing us, that might work to trap him too."

"Depending on how good his night vision gear was, if he even had any, that could work," Rhonda said, considering. "I will talk to the bosses about this plan. It has potential. I need to get going. I still need a shower or I'll stink of sex."

"It doesn't bother me any," Lucia said, smiling.

"My coworkers don't need any more encouragement," Rhonda said. "They already hit on me too much. Even the fact I'm an avowed lesbian doesn't keep some from trying. The women, at least, behave with a bit more decorum."

"Do you get much hassle for being a lesbian?" Master asked.

"Not much anymore. Some when I was a rookie and the first couple years. Almost none now I'm a sergeant. More and more people coming out has helped. Even some of the gay cops are coming out, though they have trouble getting partners if they do. Some of the men seem to think their partner will attack them or something. It's pathetic really. Maybe you can scrub my back, Lucia?"

"Of course. More parts if you want."

"Well," Mistress Dark said, "back to the business at hand. Your turn to practice on Lisa, Scott."

She handed the burning candle to Master. Lisa climaxed too.

******

SCOTT

I was perfectly willing to set myself up as bait for Jack, though it might be stupid to do so. After all, I was going to be a father, but this waiting for him to be caught was killing me. Patience was never a particular strong suit with me. Lucia had come up with a possible plan, but it depended on the police approving it. I hoped they would, but I was sick of waiting. 

Mistress Dark handed me the candle. I tried it out again on myself. Roughly three feet over my leg and dropped some on my thigh. It was manageable, so I started with Lisa's belly. I loved the way she squirmed. I did it on her stomach for awhile until she had cool patches of wax all over. I even made a smiley face with her belly button as a nose. 

Her thighs were next. Near her pussy, but not on it. She was wet. Her cunt glistened in the light. I kissed it and ran my tongue up her slit, gathering her juices on my tongue. She squirmed some more. Delicious. I moved up to her chest. Dripping wax on her upper chest near her neck. Then on the bottom slope of her breasts. She was moaning, so I helped her, suckling her nipples, turning them into turgid peaks covered in my saliva. Splash, tipping the candle over and dribbling some on her nipples. Her moans grew deeper, almost a growl. Let the wax congeal, harden, picked it off, suckled again. 

"I need to cum, Master. Please let me cum," Lisa begged. 

"You may cum whenever," I said.

"Stop teasing me, sir."

I kissed her mound, near her clit, hard and demanding, but ignoring it. Spilled some more wax where I'd kissed, the hot liquid dripping down the slope toward her slit, but stopping, cooling and hardening before it reached the goal. She moaned in frustration. 

Adding some more, running down, closer. 

"Please, Master."

Spilling more, it slithered over the last cool wax and touched her clit. Lisa spasmed, whimpering, her pussy pulsing, contractions. Added more wax, seeping down her slit, her tremors continuing. Set down the candle, inserted two fingers into the swamp of her sheathe and finger fucked her to another, more powerful, orgasm, her hips thrusting towards me, trying to get me deeper. 

"Oh, fuck me," she mumbled. "Stick your cock in me sir. Please, fuck me."

Pulling off my shorts, crawling onto the bench and ramming my cock into her, driving deep. Fucking her hard for five minutes, feeling her orgasm on my prick a couple more times before I felt my balls and prick pulsing a flood of white cream into her. Fucking her through the orgasm until the last twitch of my shaft. 

"I must say, Scott," Mistress Dark said, "that looked like a lot of fun."

"It was," I panted, my shaft shrinking and finally falling out of its second home. I kissed Lisa's lips. She was gasping like I was, breathless.

I climbed down off the bench and Julia cleaned me off while I patted her head. When I was clean, she did the same for Lisa, then released her from the bench, kissing her as she did, hugging each other. They truly did care for each other.

Lucia came back, damp from her shower. 

"Did the Sergeant leave?" I asked. 

"Just left. She'll leave a message for Detective Riley and speak to her night supervisor to be passed on to the precinct commander. We'll see what happens."

"Lucia, since I haven't been with my wife the last two nights, I'm sending Lisa to spend the night with you." 

I grabbed Julia's hand and started pulling her to the bedroom at a rapid pace. Lucia's and Lisa's voice came floating after me. "Have fun, Master." Damn straight, I would.

As soon as I got her to the bedroom, I hooked her upright to the bed, spread eagled, taking advantage of the rooms purpose, the control of slaves. Julia was breathing hard, both from the hasty walk and her sudden helplessness. I started digging through our bags for The Enforcer.

"Are you going to punish me, Master?" Julia asked.

"Yes." Ah, found it. I pulled it out and showed it to my slave.

"Is this the punishment I was promised for depriving you of my services for two nights?"

"Yes, and for attempting to take Mistress Dark's slaves and for having to wear eight cane strokes on your backside." They were still visible, still red, slight welts under my finger tips. "And for being a damn sexy slave who tempts me no end and I love to punish. After I give you forty strokes with The Enforcer, I'm going to fuck your impertinent ass and deposit a load of cum so deep, you'll still be shitting it out in a week."

"Yes, Master. I want you to. I want you to own my ass and remind me how much I love you and never want to lose you."

"Oh, don't worry. I will demonstrate to you how much I own this ass." I patted the aforesaid ass. "It's mine."

Before I started, I used the dildo shaped handle to fuck her to an orgasm. Forty was going to be rough on her. It took three minutes before she was thrashing against her bonds, cumming hard. I made her lick the handle clean and took my position behind her. 

"Keep count and thank me for each one." 

The first one smacked her buttocks and she shook. It was harder than normal. "One, thank you, sir."

Swat. "Two, thank you, sir." With each stroke, she quivered, counted and thanked me. It only took six strokes for her buttocks to have turned red. Fifteen and she was crying quite loudly, though still counting, still thanking me. I knew her bottom had to be hurting now, but she proceeded gamely as each one fell. After twenty-five, I shifted down to the backs of her thighs and the crease between legs and bum, until they were as red as her ass, then moved back up to her bottom for the last five. She was sniveling hard when I finished, but still counting. 

"Forty, thank you, sir."

Without further word, I released her arms, bent her over the bed and plunged into her heated pussy, soaking my cock in her juices. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"Master, may I cum please."

"Not until I'm in your ass."

"Yes, sir."

Four more strokes in her cunt and I shifted north, sliding through her rubbery defense, slamming into her the full length of my cock. I held still, letting her grow accustomed to the new invasion, while rubbing and stroking the red flesh of her bum. She groaned and whimpered, the flesh inflamed to my touch. I gave it about a minute, then stroked in and out. She climaxed almost immediately upon my fucking. I continued pinching and squeezing her reddened buttocks, reminding her of the just concluded spanking. It took twice as long to cum this time as it took to cum in Lisa earlier. The pained whimpers at the start turning to pleasurable moans as we continued. When I felt my orgasm was on the way, I grabbed her shoulders and launched myself so deep my balls felt like they were trying to enter her rectum with my cock, and released. Julia climaxed with me. When I pulled out, her sphincter slowly started returning to normal, but not before a few drops of my cum squeezed out and rolled over her taint. I released her legs.

"Get something to clean my cock. I'll want to fuck your cunt later."

"Yes, sir."

She went to the bathroom and got a wet washcloth, returning to clean my shrunken organ.

In the intervening time, the redness of my spanking proceeded to fade. Her cane stripes still marked her. 

"I want to put your largest butt plug in your ass," I said.

"Janet has my plugs, sir. I haven't retrieved them."

"Go to Mistress Dark's bedroom and request to purchase another one. Choose the next largest size up from your current largest."

"Yes, Master."

It took fifteen minutes but she returned with a stainless steel plug, larger than any we'd previously owned. I had her bend over the bed again, and after wetting the plug in her pussy, pushed it into her bottom. She grunted through the wide part. 

"I'm sorry, Master," Julia said as we got into bed.

"I know you are, slave. I want you to start sucking my cock and I'll fuck you when hard enough. Afterward, I want you to put your Slave Trainer in, and I'll turn it on. You don't have swap it out when the battery dies, but you're not to remove it until tomorrow morning when I go to work, at which time you may lick it clean and put it back on the charger. The butt plug will stay in all day except when you use the toilet."

"Yes, sir." 

Julia started sucking my prick and it took her ten minutes of her best efforts before I was hard enough to push into her saturated cunt. The large plug in her ass made for a nice tight fit. She mounted me and I was able to fuck her for nearly twenty minutes before cumming. Christ, I was going to sleep like a baby tonight. Julia climaxed several more times. She cleaned me off again to end our day, then got up and put her Slave Trainer in, cuddling in my arms afterward. The first few hours, I felt her stirring beside me as the Trainer went off, aroused her close to cumming, then shut itself off. The battery finally died and the rest of my sleep was undisturbed.

******

JULIA

The next morning, after sucking Master's balls dry and seeing him off to work with a hearty breakfast, I removed my Slave Trainer, cleaned it with my tongue first, then washed it and placed it on the charger. While Lisa, Lucia, Janet and Reneé went to the garage to work, I called our insurance company to report the damage to our house. I said I would submit pictures if they provided me with a claim number and e-mail to the claims agent. We were in the process of obtaining a police report which would also follow. 

"The claims agent will probably need to inspect the house," the clerk who was helping me said. "When can they meet you?"

"I don't know. They still haven't captured the person who did the crime. We're not allowed to go back to the house without a police escort."

"They haven't caught him?"

"No, ma'am. He's in the wind at the moment."

"Would our agent be in danger?"

"It's possible, although most of his anger seems directed at us and not other people. The agent is probably safer going alone than with one of us. You can have him call Detective Riley for help in deciding if he should check it now." I gave her the number. "We can provide the Detective with a key and access code to the security box if he thinks it's safe for the agent to go."

"That's horrible. You have my sympathy. Is there anything else we can do for you?"

"No, ma'am. We've got a safe place to stay for the moment."

I then called Detective Riley's number and left a message that our insurance claim agent may need to inspect our property and if he thought it was safe, we'd give Riley a key and the security code so an officer could let him in. I then joined my fellow slaves in the garage. 

Around ten, Detective Riley called me back and said he couldn't come get the key himself, but he'd send a uniformed officer out to pick up the key. He should be here in forty minutes or so. I told the others we had a uniformed police officer coming shortly for a key and it would be best if they dressed for the occasion. Grumpily, everyone put on clothes to cover our nudity. I also told Mistress Dark we were expecting an officer to come so she could dress her slaves if necessary, or I'd answer the door if they wanted to remain in her dungeon when he arrived. 

She said they'd remain in the dungeon and I could answer the door. I went back to the garage to wait for him to show up. About a half hour later, I heard the doorbell ring. I looked out the garage door window and saw a squad car sitting in the driveway. 

"That's the police officer for the key. I'll give him what he needs."

Grabbing my key from my purse, I made my way to the front door. I peeked outside and the officer was looking around, facing the street. I opened the door.

"Hello, officer," I said.

He turned around and it was Jack and he was holding a gun.

"Slowly, back up, or I'll shoot you in the stomach and kill your fucking kid."

Fuck! Where the hell did he get a uniform and a squad car? I slowly did exactly as he said. My heart was beating wildly.

"Now, turn around, face away from me. Put your hands behind your back."

I turned, doing what he said. I felt a pair of handcuffs go around my wrists.

He grabbed hold of me around my chest, squeezing one of my breasts, while his other hand pointed the gun at the new life growing inside me. 

"How many people are in the house?"

Six in the dungeon. Four in the garage. "Ten."

"Where's my wife?"

"You divorced her, Jack. She's not your wife anymore."

"She's my wife until I say she isn't. Where the fuck is she? Or do you want me to put a bullet right here and kill your child?" He prodded my belly with the gun. 

He was fucking crazy. "She's in the garage, working on some furniture."

"How many in the garage with her?"

"Three other people."

"Where are the other six?" He poked my pregnant stomach again.

"A room in the back of the house," I said.

"Let's start with them so I don't have any surprises sneaking up on me from behind."

He told me to lead him to where they were. I led him to the dungeon and he crowded close behind me as he told me to open the door. Opening the door, Mistress Dark was seated in her favorite chair with the guy slave undergoing more pussy licking training. She had on a bustier. Everyone else was buck naked. Rose and Slut were fastening the other two slaves in training to St. Andrew's crosses, facing outward. Mistress Dark looked up, saw me with a police officer standing behind me with a gun pointed at them. She told the guy to stop licking her and remain still, for everyone to remain calm.

"I assume you're Jack, Lisa's ex-husband," she said.

"Nailed it first guess," Jack said. "Nobody tries anything, nobody gets hurt. I'm here for Lisa and to fuck this woman again. Give Scott a taste of his own medicine since he's been fucking my wife. You two, keep fastening those women up."

Slut and Rose continued fastening the two female slaves.

"Now this pathetic disgrace of a man." Jack pointed to the male. "String him up." 

Rose and Slut collected him and hung him from one of the suspensions on the ceiling. "What the fuck is all this shit?" Jack asked. "What kind of fucking perverts are you?"

"I'm a dominatrix, and I train submissives for other dominants," Mistress Dark said. "These are the tools of my trade."

"Yeah? Well as far as I'm concerned, you're all a bunch of sicko's and I'm doing my wife a favor by taking her away from all this shit."

"Now you," he pointed at Rose, "string that other bitch up."

Rose fastened Slut up, suspending her from another ceiling suspension point. He pointed the gun at Mistress Dark. "Now you can do the same with the other one." 

Mistress Dark stood and hooked Rose up. It was so easy. They were all slaves. They all had slave cuffs on. It hadn't taken more than a few minutes to confine them all.

Jack prodded my belly again. "Now you. Tie her up. I gut shoot you if you don't do it right." He released my handcuffs, pushing me towards Mistress Dark.

"She doesn't have slave cuffs on. She won't be as easy to secure," I replied. 

He looked around. "Put her in the stocks," he said. "She won't get out of that."

Jack was right, of course. Even when whipped or paddled, one did not escape from stocks. He pushed me forward and I led Mistress Dark to the stocks and put her hands and head in the pillory and fastened her in.

"I'm sorry we've led this danger to your house," I said as I locked it down.

"Me, too," she said. "It doesn't seem as if he's interested in us. Be careful. Don't endanger your baby."

"I will."

I slowly moved back to Jack with my hands raised.

"I'd like to give this bitch a taste of her own medicine," Jack said. He pointed to a butt plug and a large dildo. "Why don't you shove these into that whore's ass and cunt."

"I though you were only interested in Lisa and I," I said.

"She's emasculating that fucking guy," Jack responded, pointing to the male slave with a cock cage on his equipment. "She can have a fucking dose of her own shit."

It was a large plug, nearly as large as the one Master was making me wear. I looked for some lube.

"What the fuck are you doing? Put that shit into her."

"I'm looking for lubricant," I explained.

"Forget lubricant. Just shove into her ass and cunt."

Approaching Mistress Dark, I apologized again. 

"Do what he says," she said. "I've worn them before."

At least her cunt was wet. She'd cum as the slaves had pleasured her before. I moistened the plug in her pussy before pushing it into her ass. She didn't even grunt, not wanting to give Jack the satisfaction. Nor did she protest when I pushed the big dildo into her cunt.

"Come here, turn your back to me again," Jack said.

Once again, he placed the cuffs on me. He pushed me in front of him. "Lead me to the garage."

As I was closing the door to the dungeon, we both heard the garage door cycling.

"What the fuck!" Jack said, pushing me faster. 

He crowded behind me using me as a shield when we went through the door. The outer garage door was open and only Lucia was in the room, sitting Indian style on the floor, sanding a board.

"Where are the others?" Jack demanded. "Where's my wife?"

"No hablo inglés," Lucia said.

Lucia spoke English as well as I did. What was she doing?

"Why the fuck can't you damn immigrants learn to speak English, you fucking spic!" Jack shouted. 

"No hablo inglés," Lucia said, calmly sanding the wood in her lap.

"Where are the others?" He shouted, as if volume would make him understood.

"No hablo inglés," Lucia replied. "No sé lo qué estás diciendo."

"It's obvious they left," I said, pointing to the open garage door. "Lisa's gone and so are the others. She didn't go because she didn't know what's happening."

"Do you speak Mexican?" Jack demanded.

"Very little, but she's not Mexican."

"She still speaks spic. Ask her what happened; why everyone else left?"

"¿Qué ha pasado?" I asked.

"Teléfono." Lucia pointed at the telephone sitting on the hood of the car. My phone.

"Something on the phone," I said.

"Go get it," Jack said.

"I'll need my cuffs removed," I replied.

"No you don't. Pick it up with your hands behind your back." He pushed me towards the hood of the car. He kept his gun trained about halfway between me and Lucia. 

Moving to the hood of the car, I moved my hands around on the hood, trying to grasp the phone. I succeeded in knocking it down on the ground. Jack looked towards me and the phone, disgusted, though he kept his gun trained between us. As soon as he did, Lucia pulled the gun from between her legs and shot him four times. Right through the Twinkie. She didn't even aim. He didn't even squeeze the trigger, dead before he knew it. The four gunshots loud in the confines of the garage even with the door opened.

"Where are the others?" Lucia asked.

"Tied up in the dungeon," I said, my ears still ringing.

"Are they hurt? Do they need an ambulance?"

"No, they're unharmed," I replied.

She calmly got the handcuff keys off Jack's body and unlocked my cuffs. 

"Release them and tell them to get dressed. Police are on the way." 

Luca pushed the gun out of Jack's hand and kicked it towards the open door of the garage. 

"Don't touch anything you don't have to. This is now a crime scene."

She handed me my phone and told me I could call Lisa and tell them to come back once the others were released.

"What happened?" I asked. 

"First things first. Release the others, call Lisa. You might want to call Scott too; let him know what happened. I'll have to explain it all to the police anyway. You can listen then."

Doing what Lucia said, I hurried back to the dungeon.

"We heard shots," Mistress Dark said. "Is everyone okay?"

"Jack isn't. Lucia shot him. Where are the keys to the pillory? Police are on the way. You need to get dressed."

"Release Rose, she knows where they are."

I quickly released Rose, and as she got the keys to unlock the stocks, I removed the butt plug and dildo from Mistress Dark's body. Rose released her and the three of us quickly released the others. The slaves scurried away to dress. Mistress Dark put on the rest of her outfit, which was lying beside her chair. As soon as they were all released, I called Lisa and told her it was safe for everyone to come back, Jack was dead. Then I called Master.

"What do you want, slave?" Master asked.

"Jack found Mistress Dark's house. He came here dressed as a policeman in a squad car. Lucia shot him and he's dead. You may want to come here. Police are on their way."

"Is everyone okay? Was anyone hurt?" Master asked, panicked. 

"Everyone is fine. No one harmed except Jack."

I could hear his sigh of relief over the phone. "I'll be there as soon as I can."

"Let Jerry know Reneé and the others are okay. Lucia sent them away before she shot Jack. I still don't know what happened. I need to go; I hear sirens outside."

"I'll tell him. He'll probably come with me. I'll let Chen know, too."

"Thank you, Master." I hung up and went back to the garage. 

Lucia was standing with her hands up. Master's gun had been placed on the floor. Several officer's had their guns trained on her. Half swiveled their guns towards me when I came through the garage door. I stuck my hands up too, to show them they were empty except for my phone. Lisa, Reneé and Janet had handcuffs on their wrists and were standing by the police cars with an armed officer watching them. I suppose I shouldn't blame them for feeling touchy. The dead person was wearing a police uniform.

"The bad guy is dead," I said, indicating the body on the floor. "The woman you have your guns on saved my life, and possibly the lives of everyone else in the house. Call Detective Riley and he'll confirm. The dead guy is Jack McManus, not a police officer, who's wanted for a number of crimes including the rape of me and my friend, his ex-wife, Lisa, who you have handcuffed with those two other women."

"Detective Riley is on his way. He can sort it out when he gets here. We're just concerned for officer safety. Is there anyone else in the house and are they armed?" The speaker was in charge. I recognized the sergeant stripes on his arm, similar to Rhonda's.

"There are six others, sergeant, unarmed as far as I know as the threat is ended. I don't even know if they have guns in the house, five females, one male. They didn't have clothes on when Jack came here. They're getting dressed."

"Could you step over here, let us search you, then ask the others to come out?"

"Whatever you need," I said. 

I slowly moved towards them and a female officer searched me. She felt the object between my ass cheeks. "What's this?" She asked.

"A butt plug," I replied. 

She risked a quick glance under my skirt, confirming it was indeed what I said it was, then dropped the skirt.

"No weapons," she said.

Two officers were handcuffing Lucia, who remained perfectly compliant. "The gun at my feet is the one I used to shoot Jack," she said. "My fingerprints should be the only ones on the weapon and a paraffin test will show I'm the only one who fired the weapon. The other gun near the garage door is the one Jack was armed with. I don't know if it was his or the officer's whose clothes he was wearing. I haven't touched it. It should only have those fingerprints on it."

"It looks like a police weapon. An officer was found tied up, gagged and missing his clothes, car and weapon. I suspect it's his."

So now I knew how Jack got the uniform and squad car.

I went to the door of the garage and yelled, "Police are here and they're concerned about officer safety. Could you please exit the house with your hands raised and without anything in your hands. Please come to the garage door."

"We're coming," Mistress Dark said. 

I could see her coming towards me. I stepped back from the door and they all exited with their hands up as instructed. 

"I would appreciate if you didn't cuff them, sergeant. This is their home. We're just guests here," I said.

"If they sit calmly out in the driveway, we shouldn't need to cuff them."

"Thank you, officer," Mistress Dark said. 

"Is there anyone else in the house?"

"No. You may search it if you like," MD replied. 

The sergeant sent three officers into the house to make sure it was empty. 

Mistress Dark led her group out onto the driveway and after they were each searched, they were allowed to sit down without handcuffs on. I was allowed to sit with them, and eventually, so were Lisa, Reneé and Janet after their cuffs were removed. Only Lucia still had cuffs on because she was the one who admitted to killing the dead guy. She wasn't panicked by it.

The three officers returned to say the house was clear, then had a whispered conversation with the sergeant. I supposed they'd seen the dungeon, which I suspected, wasn't something they ran across often. He looked at Mistress Dark a little closer. I hope she didn't have any problems as a result.

"My husband, and possibly two of his friends are on the way over," I said. "They are concerned about their girlfriends who work for me. How long before Detective Riley gets here?"

He made a call on the radio and he was told Riley was about five minutes away. 

The sergeant asked all of us, "Is anyone not here of their own free will?" 

Yes, definitely questions about the dungeon. We all answered we were here of our own free will.

"What's with all the bondage gear in the house?" He asked.

"I'm a dominatrix," Mistress Dark replied. "My name is Michelle Sombre. I own this house. These are my two submissives, Rose and Penelope. I run a submissive training business under the name of Mistress Dark. You can find me on the web. The other three are here for training. They are to be returned to their dominant's on Monday. They agreed to the training and may leave at any time by giving me their safe word."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
He confirmed it with all of them. By the time he'd finished discussing it with them, Detective Riley arrived. Good. This should be cleared up shortly.

He examined Jack, noting he'd been hit in the chest four times all within about four inches, dead as a doornail.

"Who shot him, as if I need to ask?"

"The woman with handcuffs on," the sergeant replied.

"Hello, Lucia. How are you?"

"Fine Detective Riley, as soon as I get these cuffs off."

"Great shooting, by the way."

"Thank you, sir."

"You can remove her cuffs, Sergeant Hill. I think if you check his description carefully, you'll find the deceased is wanted for sexual assault, shooting into an occupied dwelling, battery and a number of other offenses." 

Hill signaled to one of the officers, presumably the one who put the cuffs on, and they were removed. Lucia rubbed her wrists a little.

"Do you want to tell me what happened?"

"You told us to expect an officer to pick up the house key. One arrived about thirty minutes after you called. Julia went to answer the door with the key. She'd been gone for about five minutes and I was starting to get worried. At around that time, you called Julia's phone to tell her not to let any officer's in the house as a police officer was found outside her house missing his car, gun and uniform. Lisa took the call. You were sending police and were on your way. I took my weapon and looked for him and found him with a gun pointing at Julia's stomach while the others were getting tied up. I didn't have what I thought was a good shot given the circumstances. I returned to the garage, opened the door and sent the other three to hide in the backyard someplace and keep quiet. I stayed in the garage, sitting cross legged with the gun between my legs and waited for him to show up.

"When he got here, I kept sanding a piece of wood in my lap which I was using to hide the gun. I pretended not to speak English so I could ignore him, basically. He wanted to know what happened to Lisa and the others and he finally asked Julia to ask me in Spanish what happened. I told him 'teléfono', and pointed to her phone on the hood of that car. He told Julia to get the phone so he could keep an eye on me, but her hands were handcuffed behind her back and she knocked the phone on the floor. He took his eyes off me when it fell and since his gun wasn't pointed at either of us at the time, keeping it halfway between us, I shot him, four times to be certain. Since police were on their way. I kicked his weapon out by the door, kept my eye on him just in case he'd stolen the officer's body armor. I told Julia to release the others and allow them to get dressed and waited for their arrival after making sure no one needed medical attention. His prints should be the only ones on the gun other than the officer he took it from. I'm the only one who fired my weapon. You'll see four shots fired and four in Jack."

"Good grouping."

"Lot's of practice."

"Let's get statements from all these people," Riley said. "Separate them and ask for their stories."

Detective Riley was the one who took my statement. I told him everything that happened from his first phone call to Jack being shot. Master and Jerry arrived during the process of taking my statement. Chen arrived a couple minutes after them. They all had to wait until we were finished before we could speak to them. Mine took a little longer because I'd been with Jack the whole time, but at last, I knew what had happened. Lucia had saved the day again. I wanted to hug her and more, but it would have to wait until later. 

"I have a few questions for you, Detective Riley," I asked. "How did Jack find out where we were?"

"Apparently, Jack was close enough to hear the radio call which went out to send an officer here to get your house key. It's when he decided to take the officer's uniform and equipment and come here himself."

"And how did you find out he was coming and send the cavalry?"

"The officer that was still watching your house was supposed to call in at regular intervals to ensure he was okay and everything was still good. He was about five minutes away from his call in when he was knocked out. They tried calling him with no response. When he didn't respond, another officer was sent to check on him, which didn't take long. We have a lot of cruisers in your area hunting Jack down. He found the officer bound and unconscious. He notified me which is when I called your phone and we sent people running."

"Is the injured officer okay?"

"He has a concussion and will have to stay in the hospital overnight, but he should be fine."

"Thank you for giving me the rest of the story."

"No problem."

When we finally had the opportunity to join our Masters, we rushed to them and they hugged and kissed us no end. I told Janet and Reneé they could leave as we wouldn't get anymore done today. I told them I'd see them Monday morning at our house.The garage was being processed as a crime scene, along with the dungeon. Poor Mistress Dark wouldn't get much more training done today either. 

Master said, "I'm going to suggest we all eat at Luigi's tonight, my treat, in celebration we no longer need to be concerned for our safety."

"Thank you, Scott," Mistress Dark said. "Put me down for three when you make reservations."

"I still have class tonight," Jerry said, "but Reneé can go. If you're still partying when I get done at nine, I'll join you for a drink anyway."

Chen said, "Count Janet and I in. I want to hear this story. I'm still in the dark about what happened." 

"Meet you there at seven," Master said. "I guess we can go home and get out of Michelle's hair."

"May I please suggest we invite our parents, as they'll want to know we're safe, and Detective Riley and Sergeant Meadows to supper, sir?" I asked Master.

"That sounds like an excellent suggestion," Master said. "I'll let you make the arrangements."

"Go back to work, Scott," I said. "We'll pack up our things and head home as soon as we can. We'll let the insurance people in to do their inspection and start cleaning up our house. We'll come back to finish Mistress Dark's bed next week and pick up the tools we brought here." 

It was getting harder to remember to call him by his name in public. I always thought of him as Master anymore.

"Are you sure?" Master asked.

"We'll be okay. We have our friends around us and each other. The suspense is over. We can go back to our regular lives now."

He kissed me, then Lisa, squeezing us in each arm, then he left, Jerry and Chen leaving at the same time. Janet and Reneé left shortly after. 

Detective Riley was still talking to Lucia, getting more information. I told him he was invited to Luigi's at seven for supper, our treat. He said he had to complete an extensive report, but if he finished it on time, he'd be there. I told Lucia to ask Sergeant Meadows to join us as well, then Lisa and I went into the house and started packing our things, including Lucia's. It didn't take long. It was mostly slave gear and a few clothes. 

Since the furniture supplies we brought with us was meant for sale by Mistress Dark, we told her we'd be back to finish it here; we wouldn't try to haul it back home. I told her we should get everything done by the end of next week and she could have her garage back. She had no problem with my plans and would be happy to see us again. I called all of our parents and invited them to supper. My mom and dad had to cancel outside dates, but said they'd both be there. I called Luigi's and made a reservation for anywhere from sixteen to nineteen people, which meant we'd get the private room. I asked if Sharon was working tonight and if it was possible for her to be one of those to wait on us. The hostess said she was. Good. I'd like to see her again. 

As soon as Lucia's statement was completed, we packed the car and left.

"Lucia," I said, "I'll never be able to thank you enough for saving me and my son, but I intend to try. I hope you don't have any plans for this afternoon. I intend to make you cum so much you'll ask me to stop."

"You can count me in on that," Lisa said. "You were wonderful."

"It's not necessary to thank me," Lucia said. 

"Not necessary, but a lot of fun. I'm starving, and so is Junior. Let's get something to eat."

"I vote for Boston Market," Lisa said. "I don't want fast food."

"We're eating at Luigi's tonight. Don't you want something lighter?"

"I can eat light enough at Boston Market. I'm having an adrenaline crash. I need something quick."

"Boston Market it is." 

Lucia's phone made her text tone. "Sergeant Meadows responded to my text," Lucia said, "and she'll be joining us tonight. She said she's off tonight. Would Master Scott have an objection to her spending the night with me?"

"Master would give you anything you wanted, Lucia. He'll even wear clothing around the house if she objects to his nudity."

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 38|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-38|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<i>The lives of our throuple start getting back to normal. They're back home and showing Chen and Janet how to administer punishment with instruments. Rhonda is visiting Lucia. This chapter contains oral and anal sex, double penetrations, lesbian sex, bondage and discipline, including orgasm denial.</i>

<b>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 38 - Back to Normal</b>

JULIA

I called the insurance company after eating. I said it was now safe to send the claims adjuster to look at the house. Arrangements were made for him to come over tomorrow at 10 AM. Since we'd moved Lisa's house insurance to our account, he was going to look at both places. Hopefully, it wasn't more than the broken door he'd thrown a cement block into. While I was talking to them, Lucia called her Mistress and informed her of what happened briefly. She said she'd provide more details later. Brianna asked if Zoe's or another lawyer's presence was needed. Lucia said she wasn't being charged with anything. It was considered a righteous shooting. 

When we got home, after unloading the car, we spent the next hour pleasuring Lucia. She never quite reached the point where she asked us to stop, but she was ready to stop when we did. 

Then came clean up. We had to wear shoes because of all the glass, but we took pictures of the smashed things so we could start cleaning it up. Any mess we didn't want to leave until tomorrow, we took photos of, then swept or vacuumed it away. Master got home a little earlier than normal. It was the first time he had to inspect the damage in daylight. It was more extensive than he'd realized even after seeing Jerry's photos. Not seeing little photo sized bits, but the whole thing at once. He expressed his disgust.

I gave him a rundown of actions taken thus far. "The adjuster is coming tomorrow at 10, Master," I said. "Detective Riley may be able to join us tonight at Luigi's depending on how long it takes him to complete his report. Sergeant Meadows will be joining us for supper and Lucia is inviting her to spend the night. She's off tonight." 

Master hugged Lucia. "Anything her heart desires which I can provide is hers."

"Thank you, sir," Lucia responded.

"If you need any counseling or anything after having to shoot Jack, I'll be happy to take care of that as well."

"My previous trauma counseling and what I learned there should help, sir. His was not the first dead body I've seen. My father and uncle were killed in front of me."

"I understand, but you're welcome to anything I can give. Lisa, I know your marriage ended badly, but you were married to Jack for a few years and I know it had to have an effect on you. If you need help, ask for it and it's yours."

"When Jack raped me, it removed the last of any affection I felt towards him, but I'll seek help if I I feel I need it."

"Even the rape might require counseling. None of us had much of an opportunity to process what happened. I'd be willing to go with either of you if you want to talk to someone about it. I might have unresolved issues as well."

"It's good to know, Master," I replied. "I'm just happy we can get back to normal and get on with our life."

"I suppose, since Lucia is having company, I shall have both of you again tonight," Master said.

Lucia laughed. "Take advantage of your opportunity, sir."

"Oh, I will," Master said. 

"I'll be wearing one of my new maternity outfits tonight, Master. I hope you find me attractive."

He kissed me. "I'll never find you anything but."

We showered and dressed up for dinner. I picked the low cut white lace dress I'd gotten with Zoe. Something designed for evening wear. I wore nothing underneath it. Master whistled when he saw it. Exactly the reaction I was hoping for.

"My God, are you sure you won't be arrested in that?" Master asked. "And it looks form fitting, how will you wear it when you get bigger?"

"The stomach section is stretchy. As for being arrested, we'll find out quickly when Rhonda gets here," I said, twirling for him. "I have something else I can wear if she recommends I not wear it, or I suppose I could wear a slip under it, but the less sheer parts cover most things and without pubic hair, it's not totally obvious I'm nude beneath it. You know, Master, I might have to wear maternity bras at some point."

"Why? Can't you wear something that exposes your nipples like half or demi bras or cut outs?"

"It's not necessarily for the support, sir, though some may be needed when my breasts swell with milk, but because my nipples might leak milk. Maternity bras have padding to absorb any leaking so it doesn't ruin what clothing I might need to wear. Some of the nursing bras have panels which allow you to open it for nursing purposes."

"You do what's necessary to accommodate your pregnancy. Try to keep me in mind when you purchase things, and I'll live with what you have to do."

"Yes, Master. Thank you."

Everyone dressed up. Master would be going out with three extremely sexy females tonight. Four if you counted Rhonda, who still wasn't here yet. I'd like to see how she liked to dress when not wearing a uniform or skimpy workout clothes. 

Rhonda arrived in plenty of time to leave. She was wearing a long, red, slinky, body conforming dress with a scoop neckline. A slit up the middle of the dress to mid-thigh exposed her beautiful legs. She was made up beautifully and looked like she could be a model. Lucia greeted her with a kiss.

"You look good enough to eat," Lucia said.

"I'll hold you to that later. I wish I had a little more boob like Julia," Rhonda said, admiring my dress. "You look radiant, Julia."

"Thank you. I think your boobs are wonderful. At least you'll never have to worry about sagging. Master was concerned I might get arrested for wearing this."

"Not by me. I suppose it is more appropriate for places like Los Angeles, Las Vegas or New York community standards, rather than Fresno's, but I wouldn't consider it arrestable in a restaurant at night, though you might want to reconsider going out in daylight."

"Is everyone ready to go?" Master asked.

A chorus of yeses greeted his question. We all loaded into the car. I was in front; Lucia was in the middle of the back seat, Lisa behind Master.

On the drive, Lucia and Rhonda held hands. Rhonda said, "I heard what happened today, but not the details. Can anyone tell me what happened?"

"Others have the same questions, including Master Scott and others who will be joining us at supper. I'd like to tell the story once and be done with it," Lucia said. "It's not something I feel particularly good about, but it was necessary. I don't want to repeat it more than once."

"I agree with Lucia," I said. "I was scared for my life and the life of my child. I'd prefer not having to relive it multiple times."

"I can wait," Rhonda said, "but I want you to know I find it incredibly brave, what all of you did, especially you, Lucia."

"Nobody else had to do anything but pee our pants," Lisa said. "Lucia did everything. I'll love her forever."

We all laughed. I hadn't quite peed, but I'd felt like it. Master squeezed my leg. We were the first to arrive, though Janet and Chen, along with Reneé arrived shortly after, before we'd been guided to the private room. We all went back and took a seat. Lisa and I sat on either side of Master, Lucia was beside me, with Rhonda sitting next to her. Reneé and Janet were sitting on either side of Chen on the opposite side of the table. 

When Sharon came in to take drink orders and saw who it was, she said, "We don't put the long tablecloths in here because the tables are pushed together."

I'm sure she thought there might be an orgy or something. She recognized the slave collars on the slaves for what they were. I reassured here there was no intent to have sex tonight, though one never knew what might happen. I gave her a quick kiss on the cheek. 

Speaking softly, I said, "I want to thank you again for what you did for me. I'll never forget it." Sharon blushed. 

"I wish you'd quit reminding me. It was a moment of weakness." I laughed.

Others started to drift in, Master's parents first, then Lisa's, then mine. Master and Lisa stood to greet everyone. He told me to remain seated. The only persons they had to introduce to the others were Sergeant Meadows and Janet. They all came to me and commented on my pregnancy. 

Dan, Master's father, said, "Love the dress, slave." Sandy, his mother, lovingly hit his arm.

"Ignore him, sweetie. He can be crude sometimes." She kissed me on the cheek.

"Thank you, Master Dan. I'm glad you like it." 

Sharon started taking drink orders. When she reached me, she said, "I don't need to worry about any shenanigans again, do I?"

I pointed to Rhonda. "She's a police sergeant. I don't know if she'll allow any shenanigans."

"Hopefully, she's not as bonkers as you are." It was prophetic, in a way.

I couldn't have any alcohol, but everyone else was having wine or high balls. Mistress Dark arrived with Rose and Slut, all dressed to the nines. It was amazing, but they knew everyone else here, either because we'd just been staying with them or the Memorial Day barbecue.

After the drinks arrived, the three waitresses waiting on us took our food orders. Detective Riley arrived around eight, after the food orders were taken, but his order for food and drink was quickly taken and he was introduced to everyone he didn't know. Mostly, just the parents at this point.

As we awaited our food, we finally had a chance to discuss what happened. I started as I was the first to know what happened. I went through my part of it. Our parents were the most upset, although I'd told them Jack was dead and we didn't need to worry about him anymore, they hadn't known how close it was. I let Lucia take over the story from the point we both went into the garage. Rhonda held onto Lucia's hand tightly as she talked about letting the others out of the garage and waiting calmly on the floor as she waited for him to show up. I believed Sergeant Meadows was quite smitten with Lucia. She was going to have her heart broken when Lucia went home.

Her story finished, every one of our parents got up and hugged Lucia, thanking her for her bravery. My father, Harry, thanked her for being a dead shot and killing the bastard; rotting in prison would have been too good for him as far as he was concerned. They both huddled over me for a time, thinking how close they'd come to losing both their daughter and grandchild. Everyone asked why Lucia was here to protect us. They hadn't met her at the hospital as she didn't come on Saturday when our parents came to visit after our rape. I think they were wondering if Master had added another woman to his harem. 

By this time, our food was being delivered, but everyone couldn't move, nor barely breathe, as she told them what had happened to her so long ago, how she'd been left for dead after a gang rape, developed infections which damaged her reproductive system and come as our guest to undergo treatment at the Sturgis Clinic so she could have a child. This story was new to almost everyone, and they were shocked when they heard it. 

"I think sometimes God has a purpose for the bad things which happen in this world," Lucia said. "After it happened, I came to this country, met my Mistress, received help from her medically and psychologically. I learned self defense so I would never feel as scared and helpless as I did then. I came to Fresno for treatment and was in a position to help protect my friends. If it hadn't happened the way it did, I wouldn't have been in a position to help and probably still living poor in my country, married to a man I didn't and could never love. While it was horrible, I thank Him every day for the blessings I've received since." 

Everyone was silent. I myself, was lost in contemplation. Pondering everything which happened the last few months, from the time Master suggested to me I could become a his slave for three weeks. How I discovered how much I loved it. Invited my friend to join me, found a business for myself, made a number of new friends. Friends who dropped everything when they knew I was hurt, friends who'd protected me, given me shelter, and loved me. I'd found a deeper, more meaningful love for my husband and Master, and my friend. I've never been particularly religious, seldom attending church. I believed in a Deity, but wondered about a place for him in my life. But just as Lucia believed everything in her life had purpose beyond the obvious, I started wondering if my life was the same.

Sharon set my plate down. I looked up at her and thanked her.

"You've got a wonderful friend," Sharon said. 

"I have a lot of wonderful friends, even you, who took pity on a pathetic slave girl one night."

Sharon blushed again, and I kissed her on the lips, then whispered, "I still owe you an orgasm, should you ever wish to claim it." 

She got even redder, but patted my arm. "I'll think about it."

I laughed.

We partied until eleven. Even Jerry had a chance to join us. When it started to break up, I thanked everyone for joining us and for their love and friendship, hugging everyone.

When I reached Chen and Janet, I suggested to them they might want to come tomorrow evening and Master could demonstrate how to punish disobedient slaves. 

"Yes, Domina. Could we Master?" Janet pleaded.

"I think it would be a very good idea. I find myself thinking you could do better than you do and perhaps punishment would reinforce your compliance."

"Thank you, Master."

"I still haven't been punished yet for cumming without permission. Other issues intervened. We can undergo our punishment together," I told Janet.

"Yes, Domina."

As I hugged Detective Riley, he apologized to me.

"Why?"

"Because we didn't catch Jack sooner, because we're the reason he found you in the first place."

"Nonsense. He was skilled at escape and evasion. It was part of his training. If he hadn't found us, we'd still be huddling at Mistress Dark's house, scared and afraid and imposing on her friendship. Who knows how long it might have gone on? We already were considering setting a trap for him because we wanted it to be over. It's over now. It's possible Lucia is right, and everything happens for a reason. Perhaps it had to end this way."

"I'm glad you think so, but I still feel responsible."

"Then you worry over nothing. I doubt anyone else here feels you were responsible. I don't. Worry about the next case, not the past."

"Thank you."

"You're welcome." 

******

SCOTT 

The drive home was relatively quiet, everyone lost in their own thoughts. It had been an alarming and scary week. I think to a certain degree, we were all drained and exhausted.

Rhonda was the one who broke the silence first.

"You really do love your Mistress, don't you, Lucia?"

"I very much do. She means the world to me."

"So there's no chance for me; for us?"

"Not for love, though I'm not one of those people who believes we can love only one person. I do care for you and will always hold a place in my heart for you, but I'll never leave my Mistress. But it doesn't mean we can't be together. Whenever I come here, I can spend time with you and you'll be welcome to visit me in LA. Mistress doesn't mind who we fuck on the side. If you come visit, I can introduce you to others of my friends. You can fuck any of them. If you can abide not being exclusive to me, I'll happily spend what time I can with you." 

Lucia kissed her softly on the lips.

"I suppose I should be happy with that, but I don't think I've ever fallen for another woman as hard as I've fallen for you. You're amazing."

"So are you. Master Scott, would you have an objection to Rhonda spending the next couple days with us. She doesn't go back to work until Sunday night."

"Whatever you wish, Lucia. For saving my family, anything you want is yours," I replied.

"See, we can spend the next two days together. You can come visit in the evenings before work. I'm sure Master Scott will be happy to have both his slaves back most of the time. Since Jack is gone, I can go home to visit. Your next days off, you can drive me to LA and I'll introduce you to everyone. Mistress accumulates beautiful women. Be happy with what you can have, Rhonda, and not unhappy with what you can't. Mistress essentially saved my life. She has been everything to me. I'm happy with her and my life."

"I'll try."

"On another note, Master," Julia said. "I invited Chen and Janet tomorrow night so you can demonstrate punishment on me."

"Why are you being punished?" Rhonda asked.

"For cumming after Master said I couldn't. Don't concern yourself. This is within the range of acceptable Master/slave behavior."

"You're punished for cumming?"

"Without Master's permission. All of my sexuality is Master's to use now. Whether or not I'm allowed to orgasm, who I have sex with and when. I'm a sex slave and I'm owned."

"Still, punished for cumming? You don't have much control over that. At least I don't."

"Agreed. Master can make me cum even though I don't have permission. Then I'm punished for it."

"Punished how?"

"Spanked, paddled, whipped, denied orgasms with a Slave Trainer which keeps me on edge all the time. Forced orgasms, tied, blindfolded, gagged, the possibilities are nearly endless. For trying to take control of Mistress Darks slaves, I was caned. Those marks are still visible on my ass."

"Rhonda," I said, "the punishments aren't unlimited. Julia and Lisa have the ultimate choice of what they will tolerate. They're given a safe word, actually two in their case. If they say Alpha, whatever their punishment is must be slowed, or possibly discussed or reduced. If they say Omega, it must end. I'm happy to say they've never had to use either, and I hope they never have to."

"Master is right," Lisa said. "Punishment is often a prelude to mind blowing sex. Lucia wanted you to spank her. That's what Julia and I call good pain, and then there's bad pain. Bad pain is just pain. Stubbing your toe, cutting yourself. Good pain is different. The pain you feel after a workout, or sparring with Lucia, or a spanking with sex, even having a baby. None of those types of pain make you want to stop doing whatever caused it. You try not to burn yourself or cut yourself again because those pains do nothing for you."

"It's like the hot wax you saw me cum from," Julia said. "That was a good pain, meant to give me pleasure as much or more than to hurt me. Master has gotten good at determining when good pain could become bad pain which would make me want to stop. You don't want to stop sparring because you got beat up a little. It may cause you to strive to get better, but not quit."

"We're not saying that type of pain is for you," Lucia said. "It helps to be submissive and I doubt you are. Nor are you necessarily dominant. You may want to go through life as an equal to your partner. That's not me. Because I want to be good at protecting myself does not mean I don't want to be submissive to the right person. If you watch, you'll see what I mean."

"I don't know what to make of you people. I think you're all odd."

"I won't deny we're unlike many other people, but this is more common than you might think," I said. "Statistically, we're still in the minority, but more than 50% of people have tried some aspect of this lifestyle, whether it's tying someone down, blindfolding them, tickling or spanking. We're more into it than most, but we're by no means alone. You should do some research. I think Dom/subs are becoming more open about our preferences. I suppose people hid this more in the past, but the success of things like the Shades of Gray novels and movies and books like the ones Julia used to read means it's more open than it used to be."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
She became thoughtful. 

We arrived home and it was late. The slaves quickly shed their clothes and Rhonda had a real chance to inspect Julia's and Lisa's cane marks. She hadn't really had a chance to see them when she came to spar. I left my clothes on for the moment. So did Rhonda. I had to admit I'd like to see her naked. Her long, clean limbs looked like they'd be spectacular. 

She fingered the red marks on Lisa. "Does it hurt?"

"Not anymore," Lisa replied. "It probably hurt for maybe five hours after we received the last of them. I would prefer not to receive any more canings."

"Why did you receive them?"

"That was my fault," Julia said. "I tried to control Mistress Dark's slaves while they were here. It would be like a man coming here and ordering me and Lisa to have sex with him since Mistress Dark is a lesbian and I'm a woman taking control of her slaves. It was an earned punishment."

"Why did Lisa get punished then?"

"Because I didn't attempt to stop it," Lisa replied, "and because we're both in this together. She volunteered to take all of them, but that was unfair."

"What if I ordered you to have sex with me?" Rhonda asked.

"My Master is in control of our sex," Julia said. "You can't order me to have sex with you without his permission."

"I don't know about the rest of you," I said, "but I want to hit the rack. It's been a very stressful week, and we have a busy day ahead of us."

"Yes, Master," my two slaves said, taking my hands and leading me to the bedroom. Lucia and Rhonda headed off in the opposite direction.

When we were safely ensconced in bed, I said, "It's nearly midnight. I want you to suck my cock and hold off on the real sex until tomorrow morning?"

"As you wish, sir," Lisa said, bobbing down over my sleeping snake.

"I'll set the alarm for 7:30, Master," Julia said. "That should give us a couple hours to play before we need to get ready for the insurance adjuster."

They took turns swallowing my shaft until Lisa gathered my cum, sharing it with Julia. Then we all settled in for the night, both slaves wrapped around me.

******

When the alarm went off the next morning, I told Lisa to get the strapless dildo. 

"Who wants to be double penetrated first," I asked when she returned with it.

"Let Julia," Lisa replied.

"Then you put it in and let Julia mount you." I got a bottle of lube out of the night table.

Lisa promptly got on the bed and inserted her end in her cunt. "With or without vibrations, Master?" She asked.

"Definitely with," I said. "We need to make up for lost opportunity." Lisa turned it on, moaning quickly.

"May we cum as often as we wish, sir," Lisa said. "This won't take long."

Julia mounted the other end and moaned just as quickly. She looked back at me pleadingly. "Please, sir."

"As often as you wish, slaves."

I lubricated Julia's starred sphincter. I pushed into her rectum and Julia orgasmed, nor was Lisa far behind her. With the tightness of her bottom and the vibrations buzzing right next door, it wasn't ten minutes before I emptied myself, grunting loudly and driving deep as I did. Drained, I pulled out. I left the two of them to continue fucking while I got up to clean myself off. 

That task completed, I got back on the bed and let Julia suck me back to hardness. Lisa nibbled on my sack.

"Now flip over," I said when my tool was ready again.

Julia rolled sideways and Lisa went with her. Julia grabbed hold of Lisa's buttocks and spread them for me. Lisa had cum often enough, her juices had flowed down over her brown rosebud. I added a half squirt of lube and pushed into Lisa's bottom. She climaxed again. 

"I love a good double fucking," Lisa moaned.

"It's wonderful, isn't it," Julia panted. "You're so full, it's amazing." 

She pulled Lisa down for a soulful kiss. I could last a little longer this time, but the conditions of my first orgasm still existed. A tight sheath, beautiful squirming bodies, the vibrator throbbing next to my cock. I lasted maybe five minutes longer the second time. I got up to clean up once more.

When I returned, Lisa was still fucking Julia and they were still cumming regularly. I watched them for awhile, idly playing with a handful of boob from each of them, enjoying their pleasure second hand. Eventually, I got hard enough to go for a third time. This time, I got on the bed and had Julia mount me. The fake cock was covered in their cum. Lisa had no problem pushing into Julia's bottom and we fucked until I climaxed a third time.

"That's it for now," I said. "We need to eat and shower before the adjuster gets here. We can play more later."

"Yes, Master," Lisa said, pulling out of Julia's ass. "I'll clean the toys while you two shower."

I pulled Julia down for one more kiss before I released her. We got up and washed each other in the shower, Lisa joining us towards the end and we both washed her. 

After drying off, I put on shorts and a tee and we all went to the kitchen to start breakfast. It looked like Lucia had tried to start it before we got up, crisp bacon drying on paper towels, but Rhonda currently had her backed into a corner and was finger fucking her. Lucia was moaning and cumming hard, frantically kissing her.

"Don't mind us," I said. "We'll take over from here."

We left them alone as we finished up breakfast. Lisa set the table and Julia and I finished up the eggs and toast.

"Breakfast is on," I said, "in case you're interested," bringing the pan of scrambled eggs to the table.

"Mmm," Lucia purred as Rhonda removed her fingers. "What a nice way to start the day." Lucia licked Rhonda's fingers clean. 

Lucia was naked, of course. Rhonda had on underwear. She had a wet spot on her knickers. They both sat down and I dished eggs onto each plate. 

"Good morning, you two," I said. "Did you have a pleasant night?"

"Very good, Master Scott," Lucia said. "Rhonda rewarded me for my courage, and I had to return her favors in kind."

Rhonda blushed, embarrassed at being called out so blatantly. If she hung around much, she'd get over it, I'm sure.

"We should probably all get dressed for the insurance guy," I said. "If you wish to strip down after, I have no problems with it. In fact, I think we should spend the afternoon by the pool. We haven't been able to go outside for awhile and I could use a day of leisure."

"Perhaps we could grill for supper, Master," Julia said.

"Excellent suggestion. Take out some steaks to thaw. We'll have baked potatoes and grilled sweet corn to go with it. Don't forget to take some out for Chen and Janet as well."

"Yes, Master," Lisa said. "I'll take it out right away."

"We'll need to get Russet potatoes and corn," Julia said. "I don't think we have enough. I'll make a salad."

"I'll text Chen and ask him to bring some when he comes over," I said.

"Excellent, Master."

We had everything cleared away before the adjuster arrived and all were dressed. No more of Lucia having to stand with a gun behind her back as we answered the door. He arrived and took note of all the damage to the walls and windows and furniture. Julia sent him copies of all the pictures they took of the stuff broken they had to sweep or vacuum before they cleaned up. Lisa walked him over to her old place and he looked at the damage there, mostly the broken patio door. The closing was scheduled for Monday.

"You're lucky no one was hurt," he said, finishing up.

"I don't think he was trying to kill his ex-wife," I said. "I think he was shooting more to make it easier for him to snatch her."

"All I'll need is a copy of the police report," he said when he was finished.

"Ah, that's my department," Rhonda said. "Where do you want me to send it?"

He gave her the email address and in several keystrokes of her phone, she had the report sent to the address.

"That should do it. They should cut you a check for $40,000 for the repairs on this house and a thousand on the one next door."

Given I had my own construction company, I could probably bank 25-35% of that. For the bullet holes in the siding, I thought some putty and a new paint job would take care of it. The inside would need drywall replaced, plus there was furniture. Hopefully, there was no damage to plumbing and electrical. I hadn't noticed any leaks or shorts, so fingers crossed there. When we ripped the drywall off, things would be clearer. Since we were putting up a new bed frame for the mattress, maybe we could buy new bedroom furniture that looked as if it matched, or even build something ourselves since I now had a furniture making company at my disposal. Some of the living room furniture had holes in it, as did the flat screen TV, requiring trips to furniture stores. 

"Thanks for your help," I said as three of us shook his hand.

As soon as he was out the door, the three slaves stripped off. I looked at Rhonda. She looked at me.

"Do you have a swimsuit to swim in?" I asked. "Julia might have some bottoms that fit anyway."

"You're not going to hassle me or give me a hard time if I strip, are you?"

"Other than admire you from afar, no, I won't bother you. I have more than enough on my hands as it is." 

She looked at my two slaves. "More than your fair share, it looks like."

"What about you? Any objection to my removing my clothing or would you prefer I don't. It's possible I'll get an erection at some point."

"As long as you keep it away from me, no."

"Deal."

I returned to the bedroom to put my clothes away. The rest of them were already out by the pool when I joined them. Rhonda was in the pool already, so I didn't have the opportunity to admire her yet, though I'd seen enough of her my imagination could fill in the rest. She and Lucia were kissing, possibly more given where their hands were. Lisa and Julia were swimming laps, trying to make up for all the exercise classes they'd missed. I got in the pool.

"Do you need our attention for anything," Lisa called out as she swam past.

"I'm good. I think I need to save myself for tonight." They both smiled.

Julia had to stop first. "It feels like I'm dragging an anchor around, sir," she said, panting. "I'm not as streamlined as I used to be, and not exercising for a week hasn't helped either."

I kissed her and stroked her bottom. "At least you've been working on furniture," I said, holding her. "You used to spend your days with nothing but housework and reading slavery novels."

"Don't have to read anymore now I'm living the dream, Master."

"Would you like me to spread some suntan lotion on you, while you sun yourself?"

"Thank you, Master."

I helped Julia out of the pool and dried her off. She lay face down on one of the lounges and I covered her in lotion, after which I got in the pool again. Lisa finally finished and came up to me for a kiss and caress.

"Still good, sir, or would you like me to suck your cock?"

"I'm good, thanks. We have something to discuss however."

"Yes, sir?" Questioning.

"I gave Julia her punishment for depriving me of my slaves at MD's. You, however, have not been punished yet."

"Would you like me to get the paddle or whip, sir?"

"Both, plus the Slave Trainer, a blindfold, rope, a cushion or pillow, the strapless, and the largest butt plug. Do you need me to repeat that?"

"No, Master," Lisa replied, puzzled. "I'll get it right away."

She disappeared and brought everything back but a cushion. She took one from one of the other outside chairs. 

"Display," I ordered. Rhonda started paying attention to what I was doing.

While she stood there, I put a cushion on the end of the table which was in the shade, and fastened ropes to the opposite end. Then I made her bend down over the cushion and fastened her cuffs down with the rope so she'd have to remain bent over. I also fastened her legs apart. When she was secured, I inserted the butt plug in her cunt to moisten it, then shoved it into her rectum. Lastly, I blindfolded her.

"If I can have your attention, please," I told the others.

Julia turned to watch. Lucia and Rhonda were paying close attention as well. "This slave is currently being punished for her part in the Mistress Dark slaves fiasco. For the next two hours, she's free to be used by any of you, including you, Rhonda, if you're so inclined. You may spank her, paddle her, or whip her, no more than five strokes at a time. You may fuck her or eat her or have her lick you. She's blindfolded so you don't have to let her know who is fucking or spanking her. That's your choice. After two hours, I'll put the Slave Trainer on and she'll no longer be available for fucking, though you may still spank or whip her. She's to remain in this position and wear the Trainer until it dies, at which time she'll be released. Chen and Janet should be here before the Slave Trainer dies, so they'll be able to spank her as well."

I thought this was a good punishment, involving both sex and pain for a couple hours, then orgasm denial and pain for roughly two and a half. I was also curious to see if Rhonda would do anything. Lucia was the first to do something, however, whispering something in Lisa's ear, then putting the strapless on and fucking her. I suspected they had two orgasms apiece before she stopped. She licked the strapless clean before setting it down. She then smacked Lisa twice with The Enforcer, making Lisa jump each time.

Fifteen minutes later, Julia started licking Lisa's cunt, giving her two more orgasms in the process. After, she lashed Lisa with the whip three times. Lisa almost climaxed a third time. 

Rhonda moved over to me and whispered, "Did she almost orgasm?" 

"It's not uncommon," I explained. "My slaves often cum when punished. If you were to check Lisa, you would find her cunt is very wet as she's usually very aroused by being confined and blindfolded and and stimulated in front of others. If you were to whip her now, she probably would cum."

"And you don't care if I do this to your slave?"

"I specifically granted you permission to punish her up to five swats. You need to stop if she says 'Omega'. You can also have sex with her, or not. You don't have to do anything, but if you choose to, you can. Lisa won't mind either way, nor do I. I'm not concerned if my slaves are with other women. It doesn't bother me."

She nodded thoughtfully, then moved away. She did nothing for awhile, instead watching Lucia go back and stroke Lisa's cunt, then finger fuck her, making her cum again. Lisa was panting, trembling. Lucia went back in the pool.

After a few more minutes, Rhonda went up to Lisa and whispered something to her. I heard Lisa's low response. "Please." Rhonda shook her head as if she didn't understand, but she smacked Lisa's bottom hard, leaving an imprint of her hand. Lisa moaned low in her throat. Down went her hand again, leaving a hand mark on the other cheek. 

"Another one, please," Lisa said. 

Rhonda smacked her again, pretty much over the butt plug and Lisa climaxed. Rhonda shoved two fingers into her cunt and kept the orgasm going as long as she could. Rhonda turned to me, looking for a reaction. I smiled at her. Seeing my grin, she put on the strapless vibrator, turned it on and fucked Lisa hard for several minutes, both of them cumming several times. When she finished, Rhonda licked the end which she'd used to fuck Lisa, before feeding Lisa the end which had gone in her. It looked quite creamy with her spend.

Rhonda came over to me and lay down beside me. "I don't understand it. Lisa climaxed when I spanked her, and I really smacked her."

"It's not necessary for you to understand. It's their mindset. I was surprised as well when I read some of the books Julia was reading. It seemed contrary to everything I'd ever believed about women. Essentially, simple plot lines; taken by slave traders, often alien, bound, essentially raped, used hard, put into sex slave bondage. But she loved those books; it was almost all she was reading. I offered her the chance to experience it herself for three weeks, that I would be her Master and she'd be my sex slave. She didn't jump at the chance. Translating your fantasies to reality is a scary step, but she did it and she ended up loving it. After agreeing on a few changes, we decided to make it permanent."

"What kinds of changes?"

"Well, a number of the books she read were reverse harem novels, where one woman has to serve multiple men. I initially viewed her fantasies for slavery as a desire on her part to fuck multiple men. I let other men fuck her during the initial slavery. It was hard on me to share her with other men. With the help of others, I finally realized it wasn't what she was necessarily looking for when she agreed to be a sex slave. I don't have to share her with other men, which makes it more palatable to me. I'm fucking two gorgeous women who wish nothing more than to serve me in any way they can. It's not a losing proposition for me anymore."

"And how did Lisa get involved in Julia's fantasy?" 

As Rhonda was asking the question, Julia lay down on the table in front of Lisa to get her cunt licked. Lisa dived right in and Julia quickly had an orgasm.

"Lisa was our neighbor and Julia's best friend who saw how much Julia was enjoying herself. After purchasing Julia's oral sex services during a slave auction, she asked Julia if she could join her the following day. She enjoyed herself as well and wanted to make it permanent with Julia. Part of our agreement is that she will be treated as an equal partner in her relationship. She's equal in all respects except she's a sex slave herself and subject to the same restrictions Julia has. She shares fully in our life even to the expectation I will give her children when she wants. She's essentially a spouse to both of us, although we know neither of us can marry her. We intend to accomplish the same result through contractual agreements. I admit to still being surprised at how subservient they both are and how much they enjoy all aspects of their sex slavery, including the punishment aspects of it. It truly is a mindset. I don't try to understand it; I try to enjoy it."

"And you really don't mind if I use them?"

"With my permission, no. If they were lesbians, it might bother me, as they could become emotionally attached to another woman, but they're not."

Rhonda pointed to Julia cumming on Lisa's tongue for maybe the third time. "Are you sure they aren't lesbians?"

I laughed. "Yeah, pretty sure. They are emotionally attached to each other, but more from their friendship and our current relationship, and not from any particular desire to fuck cunt instead of cock. It works out fairly good, because I'd have a hard time sexually satisfying two women who now need to have sex all the time. They can pleasure each other when I'm worn out."

Julia, finally satisfied, got up and joined us. "Do you need your cock sucked, Master?"

"No. I'm going to fuck Lisa when her two hours is up. She only got fucked once this morning. She needs to catch up."

"Rhonda, Lisa's on a nice roll," Julia said. "If you lie on the table in front of her, she'll happily lick your cunt to several orgasms."

Rhonda looked at me. I shrugged my shoulders. "It's up to you. I'm not in charge of you. I'm in charge of Lisa and she's being punished."

Rhonda got up and lay down on the table and scooted forward until her cunt was in front of Lisa's face. Lucia stood up and kissed Rhonda while caressing her breasts. Rhonda had big, pointy and apparently, sensitive nipples to make up for any lack of breast flesh. I guessed she had a B size bra, but her nipples looked like half inch bolts and she spasmed quickly under the attention of the two women. My watch alarm went off signifying the end of Lisa's first two hours. I stood up and pushed into her cunt. Lisa orgasmed on my cock, filled to bursting with plug and my prick. It didn't affect her attention to Rhonda, because she orgasmed just after Lisa did, holding Lisa's face against her trembling twat. Lucia had gone from kissing Rhonda's lips to sucking on her fat nipples and Rhonda was screaming her pleasure. Rhonda and Lucia switched places. Before I orgasmed, Lucia had a couple orgasms herself as Rhonda kissed her and played with her boobs as Lisa ate her out. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
After I climaxed, I had Julia lick the cum from Lisa's cunt before putting the Slave Trainer on her. I then paddled her five times before getting in the hot tub. Lucia and Rhonda joined me. Julia didn't get in. 

"Why don't you get in, Julia?" Rhonda asked.

"My OB doesn't think a hot tub is good during the first trimester, although I'm getting to the end of it," Julia said. "It's kind of like drinking alcohol. It might cause birth defects."

"Actually, due to the research I've conducted due to my difficulty getting pregnant," Lucia said. "It's not hot tubs themselves which are bad. It's allowing your core temperature to rise above 101 degrees. Lower the temperature on the hot tub to below 101 degrees, or limit yourself to no more than ten or fifteen minutes."

"Master?"

I looked it up on my iPhone. "She's right. The American Pregnancy Association says you can use one if you don't let your core temp go over 101. Let's lower the temperature on this to 100 and you should be able to use it indefinitely and until it gets down to temperature, just limit your use to ten minutes at a time."

"Wonderful." She turned the temperature down to one hundred and got in and joined us. I set a timer for ten minutes. "This is one of the things I missed during my pregnancy." Julia kissed me.

I held her close. Lucia and Rhonda did the same. At some point, Lucia closed her eyes and sighed, trembling. I suspected extracurricular activities going on under the bubbles; a suspicion borne out when Rhonda did the same several minutes later.

When the alarm went off, Julia got out and I got out with her, only long enough to whip Lisa five times. Julia got back on the table so Lisa could lick her again. The doorbell rang. Chen and Janet, I imagined. It was close to supper time. Julia and Lisa were busy, and Lucia and Rhonda were guests. Left it up to me, I suppose. I grabbed a towel so I could dry off on the way.

As expected, Janet and Chen were standing at the door. I wrapped the towel around my waist to answer the door and opened it.

"Hello, Chen, Janet. So pleased you can join us tonight. We're all out in the back enjoying the pool. Please join us."

"Thank you, Master Scott," Janet said, shedding her clothes. "Master, do you have an objection?"

"No, Janet. Go ahead."

"Thank you, sir." She started to head back to the pool. 

"Wait a moment," I said. "I want you to know Lisa is being punished. You may give her five swats with your hand, The Enforcer, or a whip. Or you may get your cunt licked, but she's not to orgasm under any circumstances. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Master Scott. Master, could I please cum?"

"You can let her lick you, but you can't cum."

"Yes, Master." She went outside, hurrying.

Chen handed me some grocery bags. "What you needed from the store, plus a bottle of wine."

"Did you bring a suit, or will you be going 'au naturale'?"

"I take it from the towel, you're doing the latter?"

"It's certainly more comfortable that way."

"And everyone else is naked?"

"Even Sergeant Meadows, who is joining us this weekend."

"The tall, black woman who was at Luigi's last night?"

"Yes. She's somewhat taken with Lucia. Lucia is willing to spend time with her while she's in town. They like each other."

"Do you think she'll be upset if I'm walking around with my wang out, so's to speak?"

"Well, I've been walking around all afternoon with mine out, so I think you're good. In addition to being a police officer, my understanding is the sparring match between her and Lucia was wicked. Lucia still has bruises and she won. Treat her with a certain amount of consideration and respect and she's unlikely to give you trouble."

"What does she think about this whole slavery thing?"

"I think she's still trying to wrap her head around it."

"Kind of like me, in other words."

"As you can tell from last weekend, I still don't know what I'm doing all the time. Kind of learning as I go. Why don't you go to the spare bedroom and get naked and come out and join the party. I'll get started on the baked potatoes. They take the longest to cook. Oh, and be sure and paddle Lisa's ass a couple times. She's being punished for helping Julia dominate Mistress Dark's slaves. No more than five at a pop."

He went upstairs to the spare bedroom and I started wrapping potatoes in aluminum foil with a little butter and salt for the grill. By the time he came down, everything was pretty much ready for the grill. I had him open the wine and he carried the bottle with the platter of steaks. I carried the potatoes and sweet corn. When we got out to the patio, we saw Janet on the table in front of Lisa having her cunt licked. 

"Remember, slave, no cumming," Chen warned her.

"No, Master."

I fired up the grill and put the potatoes on. The corn would go on with the steaks, top rack in about fifteen minutes. I asked if Lucia could help Julia get a salad, plates, flatware, glasses, and condiments going. Rhonda volunteered to help and got out of the hot tub. 

"Holy shit!" Chen said under his breath as she walked into the house, "that ass, those legs."

"Kind of makes you wonder what it would be like if she wrapped them around you, doesn't it."

"You too?"

"I think she affected everyone the same way, even the women."

I gave Lisa another couple swats with the paddle, then handed it to Chen who gave her three. Janet suddenly scrabbled back on the table.

"That was close," she whimpered, trembling, "I almost climaxed."

"Since you're done, go help in the kitchen," Chen said.

"Yes, Master." She scampered off. 

Everyone soon returned carrying stuff out. They set everything on the umbrella table as Lisa still occupied the picnic table. Chen poured a bottle of wine, giving everyone but Julia and Lisa a little. I put the steaks on. 

"Master," Lisa said, "the batteries on the Slave Trainer have died."

I looked at Lisa. She was still bent over and tied down with her legs spread, the butt plug stuck in her ass. She'd licked enough pussy her face was covered in girl cum. Her own fluids were running down her legs. Her bottom had experienced enough spankings and paddling it showed some redness. An exquisite sight really. I'd have loved to fuck her at that moment.

"Julia, release your sister slave so she can shower and join us."

"Yes, sir." Julia immediately started to release her, starting with the blindfold and dead Slave Trainer. 

"Master, may I please cum before taking a shower?" Lisa asked, desperate after two and a half hours in the Slave Trainer.

"No. I'm watching the steaks and your next orgasm will be from me."

"Yes, sir." Julia finished releasing Lisa and she stood and stretched, loosening her joints after being confined in the same position for so long. Julia kissed her, tasting multiple women on her lips.

"You have ten minutes. The food will be done shortly. Clean your plug if you need to remove it, but replace it after."

"Yes, Master."

She hurried away.

"Julia you need to wipe down this table. Put a tablecloth on it."

"Of course, sir." Julia returned with a wet dishrag and a tablecloth. She wiped it all down and Rhonda helped her spread the checkered cloth over it. They started setting the table with dishes and flatware. By the time the food was ready, Lisa had rejoined us, her face now clean. I put everything on platters and told everyone to sit. 

The table held six and we had seven, so Julia asked, "Where are you sitting, Master?"

"On this end. Lisa will sit in my lap. I'll be feeding her tonight."

So we ate, and I fed Lisa, kissing and caressing her as I usually did when feeding one of my slaves. I even had Julia go get another bottle of wine. Lucia passed on a second glass. 

"I'm feeling a little queasy," she said. "I'll skip this one."

"Anyone else feeling sick?" I asked, concerned I was somehow giving everyone food poisoning.

A chorus of no's followed. "It's not your cooking, Master Scott," Lucia said. "I've felt a little off all day.".

Rhonda kissed her. "Poor baby, would you like me to put you to bed?"

"It's not as bad as all that," Lucia said. "You just want to have sex again and you're feeling shy now we have other guests. Janet's a slave and Master Chen won't care if we have sex. I'm enjoying myself out in the sun, so if you want to fool around, just say so."

"Okay. I want to fuck you. I want to lick your cunt," Rhonda said, blushing, but she pushed on. "I want you to lick mine. I want to put that strapless vibrator on and shove it deep in your pussy and fuck you hard." She kissed Lucia.

The kiss ending, "That sounds like fun. Why don't you sit on the edge of the pool and we'll start with me licking your cunt. Excuse us, everyone."

Lucia pulled Rhonda to her feet and led her to the pool. She jumped in the water and had Rhonda sit down and spread her legs on the edge, and dove right in, the cunt, that is, not the water. That did it for pretty much everyone. Chen had Janet on her knees sucking his knob and I was finger fucking Lisa to her long awaited orgasms. Julia, not having anything better to do, started clearing the table and putting leftovers away. When Lisa had two quick orgasms, I set her to helping Julia. 

At some point, Lucia and Rhonda had changed positions and Lucia was clinging to Rhonda's nappy hair as she burrowed between Lucia's legs. Janet was sitting on the edge of table and Chen was between her legs, dining on her tacos. The clean up done, I had Julia sit in my lap and as we kissed, I stroked her to a couple orgasms.

Chen and I finished up around the same time. We both got in the hot tub, our slaves joining us. I checked the thermometer floating in the water. 

"The temperature is at a hundred, Julia. There shouldn't be any limits on how long you stay in the water," I said.

Lucia and Rhonda had moved from the pool to the table. Lucia was bent over the table as Lisa had been and Rhonda was plowing into her cunt with the strapless. Lucia was loving it, and so was Rhonda. They both climaxed several times before Rhonda stopped. After they finished, they both got in the hot tub with us. That put it on the crowded side as it was made for six and not seven, but everyone made room for everyone else.

"I can't speak to everything else you do," Rhonda said, "but you sure do have a lot of sex, and I'm getting sucked in just like the rest of you."

"I attribute our general randiness to our constant nudity and my slaves need for sex," I replied. "It's like a switch got turned on when they became slaves."

"I agree with Master," Julia said. "Just thinking about becoming a slave after Master suggested it to me increased my sex life twofold. We went from fucking two, maybe three times a week to almost every day. Now, if I don't get fucked two or three times a day, I'm disappointed. I'm fortunate he can get an erection four and five times a day. The rest of the time we have to make do with tongues, toys and fingers, but if I'm not cumming a dozen times a day, I get cranky. Fortunately, unless I'm being punished, it's usually twice that."

"Janet, I've heard how the others got involved with sex slavery; how did you become a sex slave?" Rhonda asked.

"I was friends with Reneé. You met her last night."

"Yes, the girl with the handsome black guy."

"We worked at the same mall. She suggested I start dating my Master after I broke up with my ex-boyfriend. She'd just become Jerry's submissive. When she told me she'd become Jerry's sex slave, I was surprised, and even disappointed. My ex was abusive and I thought she was entering into an abusive relationship too. I was nervous dating someone who was associated with people who possessed sex slaves, even voluntary ones like Reneé, but she kept telling me Chen was very nice and he'd be good for me after my abusive ex. I thought I'd take a chance with him based upon her recommendation. The first time we went out, it was as a group. It surprised me. All of them seemed nice to each other and they got along, and there didn't seem to be any abuse associated with it. The women adored their Master's and Julia was married to hers and happily shared him with another woman.

"I started going to exercise classes with Julia, Lisa and Reneé, because my ex had convinced me I was fat and needed to lose weight. After a yoga session and swimming here, Jerry was coming over to learn how to whip Reneé; to punish her. I stayed to watch and I saw Reneé cum as she was whipped. I asked to experience it myself and Reneé made me cum while she whipped me. I decided to explore the submissive side of my nature, Julia taking over as my trainer. I continued dating Chen as she trained me, not wanting him to think I was sick or demented for exploring my submissiveness. Chen was unsure he wanted to be a Master. Everything was foreign to him. Except for brief exposure to it as Master Jerry's and Master Scott's friends, he'd never considered entering into a Dominant/submissive relationship. 

"I learned that while sexual slavery contains elements of what people might consider abuse, such as spankings or paddling, it's not an abusive relationship. Instead it's the most loving and enriching relationships I've ever experienced. Last weekend, Julia arranged for my sexual services to be sold for the night in Los Angeles to the highest bidder. Master Scott bought me for the night, taking me away from Chen. He told Chen that I'm a submissive and unless he wants to lose me to another Master, he better slap his collar on me, then he gave me to Chen for the night. Chen put his collar on me the next morning. We've come tonight so Chen can learn how to punish me when I misbehave. I climaxed twice without permission when Chen took my ass the first time."

"You're going to be punished tonight?" Rhonda asked.

"Yes. Whipped and paddled. It won't be the first time. Domina has whipped and paddled me in addition to my first time with Reneé, but it will be the first time my Master will punish me other than a simple spanking."

"Domina?" Rhonda asked.

"Julia is my Domina, my slave trainer. She couldn't be my Mistress after Chen claimed me as his slave." 

Rhonda looked thoughtful. "Would you object to my witnessing your punishment?"

"That's up to my Master. It's not up to a slave who observes her punishment."

"Chen, may I watch your slave be punished? I'm still trying to figure out this whole sex slave thing."

"Me, too," Chen said. "No, I don't care if you watch."

"Which reminds me," I said. "If we're going to do this, we should get started. I suggest the basement and bed frame for the punishment. Julia, you bring the whip and Enforcer since you're being punished as well."

"Yes, Master," Julia responded, getting out of the hot tub.

"Why is Julia being punished, again?" Rhonda asked, standing. She was roughly the same height as Julia, but I swear, her legs looked twice as long. "I know you told me earlier, but I don't remember."

"She climaxed twice without permission as well. Her punishment was deferred so she could be used to demonstrate the process to Chen as I learned it," I said, rising as well. The others started to get out of the hot tub and I handed towels out so they could dry off.

"How did you learn?"

"Mistress Dark taught me when she taught Julia how to deep throat me."

"The woman with the two slaves from last night?"

"Yes, she trains dominants and slaves as a business."

"People train other people how to do this?"

"Yes."

"How sheltered has my life been?" Rhonda asked.

It was a question for which I had no answer.

******

JULIA

Finally, I was going cum again. Not only would I probably cum when I was whipped, but Master always liked to take me after he'd punished me. I was dripping at the thought. I collected the punishment tools which were still sitting about outside from when Lisa was punished earlier. Since it appeared we wouldn't be returning to the pool, I also grabbed everything else left out here like the strapless, the ropes, the blindfold; and returned them all to their proper place. I then joined the others who were already waiting in the basement. Master and Chen were standing next to Janet. Master had already help Chen fasten Janet to one of the punishment suspensions, a spreader bar holding her legs apart. Janet was excited. Her pussy fluids were already running down her leg and her punishment hadn't even started yet. She was anticipating her first whipping from her Master. Lucia, Rhonda and Lisa were sitting on the couch. Lucia was sitting in Rhonda's lap. They'd occasionally kiss or hug. Rhonda's hand was between Lucia's legs, though not yet fondling her. 

I handed Master the 'Enforcer' and the nine stranded cat Master liked to use on his slaves. He fastened me up beside Janet. Rather than tie my legs apart, he simply told me to keep them spread. Like the good little slave I was, I obeyed.

"Let's establish some early rules," Master said. "Janet, have you established a safe word yet?"

"Yes, Master Scott. It's kumquat."

"Good word. Hard to mistake. You do realize what we're doing here? I'm going to show Chen how to punish you with a paddle and a whip by demonstrating on Julia. Then he will do the same to you. You may stop it at any time by using your safe word. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Master Scott."

"Chen, almost all punishments and punishment instruments have the same general rules. Mistress Dark demonstrated hot wax to us and the rules for that are much the same as for a new punishment. Test it on yourself first, especially anything which you haven't used before. When you use your hand, you get instant feedback from how hard you're striking someone. You don't when you're using anything else, so you need to know how much it's going to hurt. We'll start with the 'Enforcer', which can only be applied to her bottom.

"Since we're applying pain to Janet, it's important she receive some pleasure too. Lucia, could you lick Janet to an orgasm while Lisa licks Julia?"

Oh good, I was finally going to cum. I was dying for sex. Lisa was on me in a second. I moaned so loud when her lips hit my slit.

"Si, señor," Lucia laughed. "Gladly. Janet is a beautiful woman and I'd love to taste her cunt." 

Janet blushed again. She still hadn't gotten over her habit of being embarrassed by the slightest mention of her lady parts in front of others. Lucia got off Rhonda's lap after giving her a kiss and knelt in front of Janet's open legs, leaning in to run her tongue up her twat. Both of us were on the edge. It took almost no time for me to smear my cum on Lisa's face, thrusting my hips at her as I shivered through my climax. Janet was right behind me. Between us the bed frame as shaking as we trembled through our orgasms.

"Pleasure," Master said, "releases endorphins in the body which helps your slave tolerate more pain. Often, in the middle of their punishment, I'll let them have another one. You'll see the handle of the 'Enforcer' is phallic shaped and it makes a great tool for getting your slave off again when she might need it.

"To get a feeling for how this will feel on your slave's buttocks, whack yourself with it a couple times. Assume she can tolerate what you're able to tolerate. If it's too hard for you, it's too hard for her." 

Master smacked his upper thigh, demonstrating, though I knew he was aware of how hard he could strike me, he'd done it so often. The next blow landed on me. Delicious pain, sharp and sudden, the heat spreading throughout my body, from my loins to my nipples. Again, Master, I thought, hit me again, and he did and I loved it, groaning for him. After a dozen strokes, I was weeping, tears streaking down my cheeks. I knew my ass had to be flame red.

"She's crying," Rhonda said. "You're hurting her; you have to stop."

"No, Master," I cried out. "A couple more and I'll cum."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
Master smiled at me and it wasn't two more, it was one. I moaned and trembled and Master used the handle of the 'Enforcer' to make me cum harder. Before I was done cumming, the handle was soaked to the point Lisa had lick it clean before he could continue.

"The slave has her safe word to stop the punishment if she needs to. If they don't say anything, you continue," Master said.

"Those were tears of pain," Rhonda said.

"The difference between good pain and bad pain," I panted. "It hurt but it felt good. The heat the paddle created in my bottom spread throughout my body. My cunt was on fire, even though he didn't strike me there."

"You're a masochist," Rhonda said.

"I'm not," I denied. "I'm just a slave." Suddenly, I had a wonderful idea. "I can prove it to you."

"How?"

"I'll make you cum while I'm whipping you." The whip better than the paddle for cumming. I nearly always orgasmed with the whip. "But if I do; you need to agree to serve me as a slave until tomorrow night."

Lucia piped up. "Rhonda isn't a slave and doesn't have a slave mentality. We cum because we are slaves. Are you sure you can make her cum?"

"Yes, I am."

"What do you mean serve you as a slave?" Rhonda asked.

"You must do as I say, obey me implicitly if I give you an order. Everything you've seen me or anyone else do as a slave while you've been here. You'll wear a collar and cuffs and be subject to additional punishment if you disobey."

Rhonda thought about it. "I won't fuck any men while I'm a slave."

"I won't make you fuck any men unless you beg me to."

"Fat chance of that happening." 

Poor girl. She'd never worn a Slave Trainer. You'd be surprised what you'd beg for in order to cum. 

"What about if I don't cum? What do I win?"

"What would you want?" I asked.

Rhonda was quiet, thinking about it. "From now until next Saturday, you must service Lucia and I exclusively, not your Master and not Lisa. I will come over here after work and you'll lick me to orgasm before I go to sleep and again as soon as I get up. You'll be my sex toy, not Scott's. You'll pleasure us often every evening before I go back to work."

It would be very hard being without Master and Lisa for a week. On the other hand, I was generally spending every other night with Lucia anyway, at least before Rhonda arrived, and I had no objection to being Rhonda's sex toy as well. But I didn't plan on losing either and if I didn't, Master might enjoy the results.

"Master," I said, "I can't enter this bet without your permission. I would be removing myself as your slave for a week. Even if I win, I plan to spend twenty four hours training Rhonda to be the perfect slave."

"How confident are you you'll win the bet?" Master whispered.

I looked at Rhonda. She was feeling very secure. She didn't believe she would cum from being whipped. She thought she was going to have my exclusive sexual services for a week. Perhaps she was right, but I liked my chances.

I whispered back. "It's not a hundred percent certain, Master. I can't guarantee she'll cum. I'd say eighty percent."

"I'll have to punish you if you lose for doing without your services for a week. You'll probably wear the Slave Trainer for two days when you're returned to me."

He knew how to hurt me. I could care less if he whipped or paddled me. Being without him for a week was worse than that, but the Slave Trainer for two days was horrible. Still it might be worth it with odds of four to one I wouldn't lose.

"If Rhonda loses, she'll be wearing the Slave Trainer as well, Master," I softly said. "She doesn't know what it's like to wear one and how desperately she'll want to cum. As a free woman, she's off limits to us both. As a slave, she's available for both of us to fuck."

Master smiled at me. "Let's give it a shot then, shall we?"

"Yes, sir."

"For my part," Master said to Rhonda, "I'll let my slave make this bet."

"Then it's a done deal, Rhonda, as I agree to your terms."

Rhonda leaned back on the couch and pulled Lucia into her lap and kissed her. "It looks like we have a new sex toy to play with, Lucia."

"I wouldn't be so confident," Lucia said. "It's at least a fifty-fifty chance you'll lose."

"You said it yourself," Rhonda said. "I'm not a slave, nor do I have a slave mentality."

Lucia shrugged, watching me. "Julia's fairly confident. We'll see. Either way, I can't lose. I'll enjoy you joining me for a day as a sex slave."

Rhonda was a lot less confident when Janet orgasmed twice while being paddled and we both climaxed twice more while being whipped, front and back. When I started shivering uncontrollably after Master whipped my cunt, she was visibly concerned. She should be. I may be more responsive than Rhonda because I was a slave, but she orgasmed quickly herself if the frequency of her sex with Lucia was any indication. Of course, Master fucked me hard when he was done. I orgasmed three more times as he sluiced in my cunt, still hanging, but with my legs wrapped around him. I was screaming in pleasure. 

Janet did the same when Chen fucked her. We were both released to clean our Master's cocks. My cum covered his prick. I'd cum six times already tonight and I planned on cumming more often.

"Chen," Master asked. "Do you think you'll have any trouble punishing your slave for disobedience in the future?"

"No. It was relatively straightforward and I loved how my slave seemed to enjoy it."

"Master," I said, "I'd like your permission to wear my slave jewelry so I may lend Rhonda mine."

"Done," he said.

"You haven't won our bet yet, Julia," Rhonda warned.

"You won't wear the collar unless I win, but you need to wear the cuffs so I can secure you to the suspension bar. If I lose, you may immediately remove them, but I'd get comfortable wearing them if I were you." I smiled at her.

"Fine."

I went upstairs and retrieved my slave jewelry. Master removed the leather ones and replaced it with the metal. I started dripping again when I heard the lock click around my neck. I tossed the cuffs to Rhonda. 

"Since you're not yet a slave, you'll put these on yourself. I'll put the collar around your neck if you lose."

Rhonda put the cuffs on her ankles. She needed Lucia's assistance to put her wrist cuffs on. I called her up to the bed frame when she was done and suspended her from the beam. I used the spreader bar to part her legs. Master and Chen had a seat on the couch and pulled their slaves into their laps so they could enjoy the show. I ran my hands over her body, lightly tracing her curves. She shivered; a good sign, I thought.

Turning her so her bottom was facing her audience, I stroked her ass. 

"Is this not an exquisite ass. I've really only seen one to match it," I said.

"Marcia," they all said, all of them having seen Marcia's magnificent bottom a week ago. "Though Zoe's was always a close second," Master said, "at least until she started adding weight during her pregnancy."

"I know how much you love Zoe's ass, Master, but now you have another one to admire. Solid," I squeezed, "firm; a delightful piece of ass. I'm sure she'd fetch lots of money on the slave block based upon her ass alone. And the fact it's mounted on these gorgeous legs is icing on the cake." I ran my fingers up her inner thighs. I could feel the heat emanating from her cunt. I turned her around so she was facing them. It was important she knew she had an audience.

"Lucia, would you like to do the honor of giving Rhonda her orgasm?"

"Gladly." She rose from the couch.

"Wait a minute," Rhonda protested. "Her licking me to an orgasm doesn't count!"

"Of course not," I replied. "The only way you'll lose the bet is if you cum while I'm lashing you. This is the orgasm you receive to release endorphins. Janet and I were prepared this way for our punishment and you should be too."

"Very well," she said, mollified. "You may continue, Lucia." Every woman likes a good cunt licking.

Lucia knelt in front of her and started licking. Of course, I started working on her, as Lucia worked, remembering what Sam had said about engaging the largest sex organ, your brain.

I stood behind her with my breasts pressed against her back and my hand around her waist. "Have you ever so blatantly orgasmed with an audience before?" I whispered. "Do you see the cocks of the two men? They're erect, even after recently cumming, just watching you squirm in pleasure. I know you care nothing for cock, but how does it feel to be so desired by two men who would love nothing more than to slip into your dripping cunt right now? Or the two women, who would love to feel your legs wrapped around their heads as they drank of your sweet nectar like Lucia is now. Of course, as a slave, you will be dining on all the women of the house. I don't even think you should have use of your hands, which I'll confine behind your back. They'll soak your face in feminine fluids as you lick their cunts."

It didn't take long for Rhonda to cum. She was writhing on Lucia's tongue in no time, primed for her whipping. Lucia kissed her after, letting Rhonda taste herself on her lips. Lucia took a seat again. I picked up the whip and showed it to her. I loosely trailed the strands over her skin, the leather soft and the touch light. Her nipples were swollen to big bullets.

"Your nipples seem so sensitive," I said as the strands touched them, causing her to shiver. "They'll love the sting of the whip. You might even cum from having your breasts whipped alone, let alone your cunt."

I ran a finger through her sex, totally soaked from her orgasm and who knew what thoughts were floating around in her brain. Her clit was protruding from her hood. I touched it. "You're very wet," I said. "What will your clit think when I whip it?" She shivered again.

"What safe word would you like to use?" I whispered, my breath soft against her ear.

"What would you suggest?" She asked.

"Slave," I answered, "for that is what I'm going to turn you into."

"In your dreams," she said.

"And yours," I replied. "Your toughness is a front. You've wanted nothing more your entire life than to kneel to a strong woman." 

I was playing to her fears. She had to be a little afraid she was going to cum. It wouldn't hurt for her to think she had some slave in her.

"Not 'slave'," she said. "Mistress."

"You're calling me Mistress already. You're making me drip," I laughed.

"No, I'll use 'Mistress' as my safe word."

Wrong choice of a safe word, but she didn't want 'Slave'. "Fine. Get used to saying it. You realize you may only use your safe word if you know in your heart you can't withstand being whipped even once more. If you can tolerate the next, you can't say it. I shall think you a wimp if you can't take what Janet and I took without complaint and we took both a paddle and the whip."

"Get on with it then."

I stood in front of her when I tested the whip on myself and I smacked my own breasts, then my cunt, smiling at her. "Perfect," I said. I was lucky I didn't cum when I whipped myself, I was so turned on.

The connotation of whipping is horrific. People's minds turn to depictions of the most egregious examples they're familiar with, which is usually something from a film where somebody's skin is flayed from their body with a bullwhip or similar. As a black woman, Rhonda probably knew of examples where slaves were cruelly scarred with whips after escape attempts. The scene in "Outlander" where Jamie Frasier is whipped until his back was a bloody mess in an English prison an example of what I'm speaking about. Despite witnessing Janet and I being whipped, even our tits and twat, and not suffering unduly, even cumming during the process, she's unable to erase the memories of what's already there, in her head. She knew she wouldn't be permanently marked, but she was expecting the worst; debilitating pain or similar. Her body clenches in anticipation of what she expects to feel, and when it's not as bad as she expects, Rhonda relaxes. When she relaxes, she opens herself up to an orgasm; one I'm more than content to give her.

I smack her bottom a few times, letting her get used to the whip, how much or how little it hurts compared to her anticipation, then I start spreading it around. Her legs, her back, her tight ass. Her flinching in anticipation or response has almost stopped. She's accustomed to worse pain. I'm sure her sparring with Lucia was much rougher and more painful.

"It's not as bad as you thought, is it?" I whisper, while playing with a nipple. 

"No," she breathed, as her nipple tightened to a taut puckered bud. 

"That's good, as I'm about to whip the front of your body," I said. 

She tightened up again, dreading it, but the first few land on her flat stomach, some just above her belly button, some below, but nothing too bad. I take a little off and hit the undersides of her breasts. 

"Aaah," she whimpered, feeling the sting, a few tears leaking from her eyes. Looking directly in her face, the next one stings the prominent spikes on her chest. A quick hiss of breath, feeling the warmth spread, then melt away. I lick it, suckling away the pain before delivering another blow to her sensitive buds, and another, the stripes not even visible on her dark skin, though I know they're there. I land another blow on her belly, her muscles flicking under the skin. One lower over her mound, so she knows where the next few are going. 

I hold her gaze, staring at her, and twirl the next one up into her sex, the lips parted from her position and her arousal.

"Mother fuck!" Rhonda exclaims, the lashes stinging the tender flesh. Before it has a chance to melt away, I strike her again, making sure to flick her clit.

"Christ!" She groaned, then surprise over her face as she starts shaking, cumming before our eyes, wide eyed in wonder as she surrendered to a powerful orgasm. 

Not one to let a good orgasm die on the vine, I drop the whip and shoved three fingers in her pulsating cunt and kiss her hard, grinding myself up against her body, clinging to her ass. I keep her cumming for over a minute and her pussy was still throbbing when I pull my fingers out and thrust them into her mouth.

"You will call me Mistress," I said. 

She's still gasping and panting, unable to catch her breath, but she looks at me and nods, then her eyes lower, beaten.

First, I remove her spreader bar and she puts her legs together to hide the fluids running down her legs. I release her hands. "On your knees, slave."

She drops to her knees, surprisingly compliant. "Lucia, bring me this slave's collar."

Lucia brings me my own collar and I place it around Rhonda's neck, tight enough she can feel it. "Good girl," I said. "You will have to learn to kneel better than that, but your first task is to pleasure your Mistress. I need to cum and it's good you're a lesbian and won't need to be trained."

She placed her hands on my hips and orally caressed me until I climaxed, grinding my cunt against her as I did, smearing myself on her face. When I let go of her head, she made as if she was going to wipe her face off. 

"You'll leave our cum on your face until I tell you to wipe it off. Lucia, would you like to enjoy the services of a new slave girl. I can vouch for the pleasure of her tongue."

"I'd like it very much, Julia. New slaves are always so much fun."

I pointed to Lucia, her legs spread on the couch. "Your next task. You will do each of the other women. They like a good cunt licking as much as I do. Crawl over there, slave," I said when she started to stand. "You're not yet ready to stand in the presence of other dominants. You have too much to learn." She dropped back to her knees. "Acknowledge my commands, slave."

"Yes, Mistress."

As I watched Rhonda crawl across the floor and bury her face in Lucia's pussy, I said, "Master, I have a suggestion. Chen is closing on his new house on Monday. Why don't we let Chen and Janet spend the night both tonight and tomorrow night. Since we know how to use hot wax now, we can let Janet experience it tomorrow, plus she can enjoy the services of this new slave while we have her. And since I'll be spending the night training the new slave, I was wondering if I might suck your cock before you retire."

"That's a very thoughtful suggestion, Julia. Chen, why don't you spend the weekend here. If you have more questions or other things you wish to learn about sex slaves or being a dominant, we can discuss them or try them out. You can go to the closing with Lisa on Monday. By the way, the insurance adjuster said that you'd be receiving a thousand dollars for the broken door on your house. I'm sure I can get the work done for less and you can keep the balance."

"Thank you, Scott. I'm inclined to take your suggestion. Janet, would you like to stay this weekend?"

"Whatever Master desires," Janet replied demurely.

"You may sit on the couch and let the new slave give you an orgasm."

"Thank you, sir." Janet took a seat on the couch waiting for her turn.

Master directed me to my knees at his feet and I took his cock in my mouth and started sucking. He was quickly hard. I was proud to suck Master's prick in front of Chen, to show him how subservient a proper slave could be.

"We need to go shopping tomorrow, buy a new TV, some replacement furniture," Master said to Chen. He started thrusting into my throat. "Perhaps there's some additional slave gear or jewelry you'd wish to obtain for your slave."

"I'm going to need additional furniture as well. Lisa's house is bigger than mine and I still have the measurements I took."

As they spoke, I continued sucking my Master. He climaxed when he fucked me after my punishment, but the activities of the evening had stimulated him. Watching me make Rhonda cum and turn her into my slave had aroused him and it didn't take long before he grunted and inundated my throat with his cream. I waited until his throbbing ended, then cleaned up behind myself, waiting patiently for him to release me. Rhonda had gone from Lucia to Lisa and was pleasuring her. Lisa was moaning in pleasure. I was so happy for her. The day had been rough on her and it was nice she could orgasm now. Soon, she'd be spending the night alone with Master, receiving all of his attention.

"Are you finished with me, sir?" I asked. "If you are, I may need some items from our room for the new slave."

"Yes, thank you, Julia. I'll see you in the morning."

"If it's no trouble, Master. The new slave should enjoy the affect of a butt plug up her ass. If it's all right with you, I'll take the one in Lisa's ass. You may want to use her ass tonight anyway."

"No problem.

I stood and moved over to the couch where Rhonda pleasured Lisa. I stroked her hair, leaning over the back of the couch while she climaxed, whispering, "Take good care of our Master tonight. He's all yours. I'll be training a new slave."

"Thank you, Julia," Lisa panted. "If Master has anything left, I'll drain it out of him."

"I know you will, sister slave. When you ate Rhonda's cunt this afternoon, how did she taste?"

"I enjoyed licking her cunt, Julia. She tastes good."

"Nice to know. I shall have to sample her later. Master said I may have your butt plug for the new slave. When she's done with you, could you remove it, clean it and leave it in Lucia's room?"

"Of course, Julia." 

"Lucia, may I have your assistance," I said. "I have to get some items out of Master's room for Rhonda's training." Rhonda shivered a little as I spoke, but dutifully continued licking Lisa's cunt. "Just let me get the whip and the 'Enforcer'. We'll need both of those as well."

"Of course, Julia. What sorts of plans do you have for your new slave?"

"Lots and lots of things. She's going to know what it's like being a sex slave like us. She'll be thoroughly used, I assure you."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
Rhonda shivered again. This was going to be so much fun.

I picked up the whip and the paddle. "When you're done with Janet, slave, you're to wait on your knees until I or Lucia comes to fetch you. Our cum is to remain on your face. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Mistress."

We went upstairs to prepare.

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 39|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-39|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<i>This chapter sees Rhonda as slave for a day (or is it longer). This chapter contains lesbian sex, oral sex, anal sex, a double penetration, interracial sex, and domination and submission, including a spanking. If these things don't float your boat, read no further. As for all chapters in this story, STD's don't exist and the participants need not concern themselves with them. Please enjoy.</i>

<b>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 29 - Rhonda's Day of Slavery</b>

JULIA

After gathering everything I'd need for the next twenty-four hours and bringing it to Lucia's room, I went back to the basement with Lucia. Rhonda was kneeling on the floor, alone, tears streaming down her cheeks. When she saw us, she hastily wiped them away. 

"Stand up, slave," I said. "I'd like to take a closer look at what I've won for the next day."

Rhonda rose to her feet.

"The first thing you'll need to learn is the display position. Put your hands behind your head and spread your legs."

"Yes, Mistress." She tried to get into position. I had to nudge her legs further apart and straighten her arms. I started circling her, inspecting my property.

"Call me Domina. I'm a slave and probably shouldn't go by the title of Mistress, not being free myself. How does it feel to be the sex slave of a sex slave?"

"Do you wish me to be honest?"

"Dominants prefer their slaves be honest, yes."

"I'm scared and ashamed, Domina."

"Elaborate."

"If you'd suggested to me this morning I would find myself in this position because I'd cum while being whipped, I'd never have believed it. The fact I could makes me ashamed. Now I'm afraid I might be like you, Domina; a slave."

"I'm not ashamed of being a slave, though I can see why you might think it's shameful. I'm proud to be a sex slave. It's been the most rewarding time of my life. I'm the happiest I've ever been. Why should you be any different?"

Her eyes were following me as much as they could as I circled her, though she kept her face forward as she should. 

"I don't know, Domina. It's never how I envisioned myself. I've worked hard to become what I am, harder than most. Being both black and a woman in a male dominated field hasn't been easy. I've had to show more competence and ability than everyone else to get where I am." 

I stood behind her and fondled her small breasts, tweaking her nipples. She moaned deep in her throat. Lucia was watching with interest.

"Look at Lucia. Is she less competent than you'd expect because she's a slave? She beat you in a sparring match despite your training, height and reach advantage. I know slaves who are deputies, lawyers, run successful businesses. The deputy sheriff told me she knew an FBI agent who was a sex slave. All of them are competent, capable, strong women, who enjoy their slavery. Being a slave has nothing to do with ability or capability. You're not less than you were because you could cum from a whipping."

I ran a hand over her magnificent ass, then a finger lightly through the crease. She shivered again.

"Have you ever been fucked in the ass?"

"No, Domina."

"I think I'd like my Master to fuck your ass, it's so exquisite."

"Domina, you said I didn't have to fuck any men," panicky, tightening up.

"What I said was you didn't have to fuck any men unless you begged me to. Not the same thing."

Relaxing slightly, convinced she'd never beg to be fucked by a man. 

"I'm going to show you your next position. Kneel."

Rhonda got on her knees. I got her to spread her knees apart, exposing and opening her sex. Her hands had to go back behind her head. 

"This is the position I want you in when I give you the command to kneel. Like the display position, it exposes all of your charms to your dominant. If I tell you to relax when you're in this position, you may lay your hands on your thighs, though you must still keep your shoulders back so your tits are displayed prominently."

"Yes, Domina."

"You'll notice how easily it is to fuck you in this position. You're at a good height for sucking cocks or licking cunts, and all you need do is rock forward with your ass in the air and your cunt and bottom are available to be taken. The command associated with that is 'fucking position'."

"Yes, Domina."

"You need a new safe word. 'Mistress' won't do anymore. You might mistakenly use Mistress instead of Domina. Give me a word you wouldn't expect to use in normal conversation, something which would immediately be apparent to me to stop."

Rhonda thought for a moment. "May I use your safe words; Alpha and Omega? You should recognize them and I'm unlikely to speak them except as safe words."

"Yes, if you wish. Those will be fine. We'll go to Lucia's room where we can continue your training. Follow me, two paces behind me, with your face lowered."

Rhonda acknowledged and followed behind me. I found the butt plug and a bottle of lube on the nightstand where Lisa left it for me. I picked up the plug. Rhonda looked frightened.

"That can't possibly go in me, Domina. It's too large."

"It just came out of Lisa and she's smaller than you. I admit, it's larger than I'd like to start you on, but Janet has the other ones I own, so this will have to do. Don't worry, it will fit just fine, and at least you won't be moving around with it in you. Bend over the bed and pull your cheeks apart."

Rhonda obeyed without further argument, though she was still scared. I licked her bum for a few minutes so she'd realize there could be pleasurable sensations associated with her bottom. It actually relaxed slightly as I licked her. Having soaked it with saliva, I applied a lot of lubricant and stretched it with my fingers, first one, then two, before applying more lube to the plug and placing it against the muscular ring protecting her back door. 

"I won't lie to you, slave. This will hurt some as the widest part goes in. It won't hurt worse than being whipped on your cunt, and Lucia is going to give you your last orgasm of the night to make it easier. Once it's in, you'll feel the pressure and some discomfort, but it won't be painful and you might even enjoy parts of it. Lucia, if you would please start licking the new slave, we'll get started."

Lucia got between Rhonda's spread legs and started nibbling. As she did, I started pushing, not hard, just enough to stretch the opening and accustom her to something parting her asshole. I worked it back and forth slightly, a light fucking, making its presence known, but never fully penetrating her. I waited until Rhonda started to cum before exerting enough pressure to push it in to the base. From the sounds of it, her orgasm might have been enhanced, or maybe she just enjoyed Lucia's tongue that much. In any event, it was in her.

I had Rhonda lie on the bed with her legs spread and asked Lucia if she would pleasure the new slave, but under no circumstances, was she to cum again. I'd tell her when she could start. Lucia nodded, pleased to keep licking Rhonda's cunt.

"Your sexuality belongs to your dominant, slave; me. You must have my permission to have sex of any kind and you must have my permission to cum. You will ask for permission when you are close to an orgasm. So you have no false hopes, you won't be getting permission tonight. Close, but no cigar. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Domina."

"You're intelligent. I don't expect to repeat myself, but if you have a question, ask. You need to learn that your dominant's pleasure is foremost. No matter what is happening to you, you must concentrate on the pleasure of whoever you're serving. First, I'm going to ask you a series of questions to learn more about you. I expect fast responses, no matter what Lucia is doing to you. If your attention wobbles, I'm going to whip your breasts, so it's best you pay attention to me. Lucia, begin.

"Tell me about your family," I ordered as Lucia started licking.

"I'm the third of six children, two different fathers. I have one older brother and sister and two younger sisters and another brother." 

She moaned, pausing and I whipped her chest. "Pay attention."

"My father was in the military, Army. He was the father of the three oldest kids. My mother ran a hairdresser shop here in Fresno. Because my father was away so often what with all the fighting we've done since Iraq attacked Kuwait, she eventually divorced him when I was about ten and married my step-father, who is the father of the three youngest. When I was seventeen, my step-dad tried to molest me. I kicked him in the nuts and told him if he ever tried it again, I'd cut off his dick. I told Mom what he did and she divorced him, too. She's got a boyfriend now, but hasn't married again. The kids are all relatively successful...oh, fuck! I need to cum. Please, Domina."

"No," I said, signaling Lucia to stop. "Keep going."

"The two youngest are still in school, Domina."

"How old are you?" 

"Twenty-eight, Domina."

"How does that compare with others who've made sergeant?"

"I was slightly younger than average, Domina. I've only been a sergeant for five months, which is why I'm on the night shift. Newly promoted get the shit shifts."

I told Lucia she could start again and Rhonda moaned. "Was the attempted molestation by your step-father the reason you're a lesbian?" I asked.

"No, Domina. I wasn't interested in boys even before then."

"When did you realize you were a lesbian?"

"Sixteen, Domina, basketball team, a senior I was attracted to, kissed me. Eventually, we had sex. It's when I knew for sure."

"Have you ever had sex with a man?"

"No. Never wanted to. I'm what you call a gold star lesbian. Never been with a dick, Domina." 

Rhonda was panting, highly aroused again. I told Lucia to stop. Rhonda groaned, disappointed.

"Are you proud of being a gold star lesbian?"

"Yes, Domina, very proud."

"That's why you don't want a man fucking you?"

"Primarily, Domina. I'm not attracted to men, so why fuck one?"

I told Lucia to start again.

"Yet I've seen you fuck with a strapless?"

"Just because I don't want dick, Domina, doesn't mean I don't appreciate the feeling of having my pussy filled."

I thought about what I'd learned about my slave so far. I liked her. I'd like to give her to my Master, but she was only my slave for a day. It would be a shame to surrender her gold star status for a one day slave bet. On the other hand, she didn't have to know that. I'm sure Master would play along if I asked him to.

I waited until she asked for permission to cum again before telling Lucia to stop. Rhonda was getting quite desperate to orgasm. She didn't yet know what true desperation would be like.

"The next thing you need to learn is not just to concentrate on the questions and orders of your Mistress while being pleasured, but to concentrate on giving your Dominant pleasure while being pleasured. I want you to start licking my cunt. Lucia will start fucking you with the strapless. If you flag in your responsibility to give me pleasure, I will tell her and she will start swatting your bottom with the paddle and it won't stop until your concentration is fully on me again. Lucia, don't turn the vibrator on. I don't think our slave will last very long if it is. Since your mouth will be otherwise engaged. I want you to pat my stomach when you need to cum, and Lucia will pull out of you until the need has passed. You can pat my stomach again and she'll fuck you once more."

"Yes, Domina."

I waited until Lucia donned the strapless and was ready to penetrate Rhonda before telling her to start. As her mouth touched my cunt, Lucia pushed into her. She momentarily lost concentration on her duties and I signaled Lucia and she smacked her ass, which also caused her to lose concentration. She was smacked twice more before her tongue dipped into my cunt again. Four minutes into her attentions to me she patted my stomach and Lucia stopped fucking her and pulled out. Rhonda moaned but kept licking. 

Rhonda had known she was a lesbian for twelve years and been practicing on cunts ever since. She was good. As good as anyone who'd ever licked mine. In no time at all, I spasmed, bathing her tongue in my cum. When she patted my tummy again, I told Lucia she could start fucking Rhonda again and this time, I barely noticed when Lucia pushed into her. Not even worth the bother of telling Lucia to smack her. A few minutes later, I was cumming again. Before it had ended, Rhonda was whacking my stomach rather frantically and I told Lucia to quit fucking her. It was six minutes before Rhonda felt free to pat my stomach and Lucia could fuck her some more. I'd cum again. She was good, very good. This time there wasn't a whisper of a loss of concentration. I climaxed again. So, so good.

I let her keep licking me until she patted my belly, needing to cum again. Poor slave. She would be suffering before she climaxed again. I stopped Lucia once more.

"Lastly, to improve your concentration on satisfying a dominant, I will spank you while you lick Lucia. I shall only use my hand on your gorgeous buttocks unless Lucia becomes disappointed in your performance, at which point I shall use the paddle until your performance improves."

"Yes, Domina."

"You did an excellent job of pleasing my pussy. I expect no less for Lucia. In fact, I expect more. She saved my life. She's precious to me, and as my slave, I want her to be equally precious to you. I want her to have several nice orgasms on your tongue."

"Yes, Domina."

"Lucia, tell me if my slave neglects your cunt in the slightest as I'm spanking her."

"Of course, Julia."

Lucia spread her legs and Rhonda went between them, lapping at Lucia's seriously wet pussy. I had Rhonda kneel up and I started smacking her perfect bottom. The few swats she'd received earlier all having faded. Her ass was so firm, my hand would get sore after too many swats so I spaced them out, maybe one every ten seconds or so. Six a minute, not too many, enough to rest my hand. Every once in awhile, I'd caress her pussy instead, not enough to let her cum, poor slave. Lucia had several good hard orgasms, squirming delightfully as she climaxed. Only once did I have to switch to the paddle, but it didn't last long. Lucia climaxed quickly as soon as Rhonda got straightened out.

"That's enough, slave. Show me your face." 

Rhonda looked at me, her face was covered in womanly cum, not being allowed to clean herself off yet. Every woman in the house was smeared on her face. "You have a slave's face, well covered in cum, my beautiful girl. You've done well, barely requiring punishment at all, though we haven't yet tested your limits. Essentially all you've had to do is what you enjoy anyway, lick cunts. We'll need to test you better. Why don't you clean off your face, dear, and we'll get you started on some more training. When you return, assume the display position. Chop, chop."

"Yes, Domina."

Rhonda rose to her feet gracefully and went to wash up. 

"I can see why you like her so much, Lucia. She's beautiful and quite sexually skilled."

"I've enjoyed her company a great deal. Thank you for letting her stay here."

"So far, it's been my pleasure."

"What possessed you to make that bet with her?"

"I thought she would make a nice present for my Master."

"Yet you told her she wouldn't have to fuck any men while she's here."

"Unless she begs for one to fuck her."

"She seems adamantly opposed to fucking men to me."

"Rhonda may change her mind before the morning."

Before our conversation could continue, Rhonda returned and displayed. Once again, I inspected her. Her nipples were hard and her cunt was moist. She'd been aroused close to orgasm several times this evening but not allowed the relief of one. I fingered one of her nipples. 

"I love your nipples, slave. Are they sensitive?"

"Yes, Domina."

I suckled on one and she inhaled a quick breath.

"Have you ever cum only from having your nipples sucked on?"

"No, Domina, though I've been close. Will you let me cum now?"

"No, slaves may cum only with the permission of their dominant and I'm not willing to let you cum yet. In fact, you will be wearing a Slave Trainer tonight." I handed it to her. "You will place it on now."

Rhonda looked at it. Its function was fairly clear to determine in terms of placement and how it was positioned in the body. She didn't yet know how devilish it was in actuality. Many times I'd cursed the deranged mind who'd invented the damn thing. Rhonda was about to learn how fiendish it truly was.

"Yes, Domina."

Rhonda put it on, the dildo piece easily sliding into her slick slit. I set the controls and turned it on. I could hear the quiet buzz of the device vibrating in her pussy.

"I thought you weren't going to let me cum, Domina? I'll orgasm within minutes."

"No, you won't. It shuts itself off when you're close to cumming. It will keep doing so until the battery dies, at which time my phone will give me an alert and we will replace it with a newly charged one. By the time that one dies, this one will be recharged. The only way it will be removed is if you beg me to let my Master fuck you."

"I won't do it, Domina. I won't beg to get fucked."

"If you don't, you don't. It's entirely up to you. I myself wore a Slave Trainer for twenty-four hours this past week. Lucia witnessed it. I'm sure it's possible you won't beg like I did the first time I wore one. You're a strong woman. Perhaps you're stronger than I was. It is time to go to sleep now. I'm afraid we'll have to tie your hands and feet to the bed to make sure you don't try to cheat. Lucia, secure her feet for me please."

We put Rhonda in the middle of the bed so she could sleep between us. Lucia tied Rhonda's feet to the bottom of the bed by using rope and her ankle cuffs. I did the same with her wrist cuffs. She looked so lovely stretched out between the top and bottom of the bed, both Lucia and I had to kiss her and suckle her stiff nubbins and even kiss our way down her flat stomach until the Slave Trainer got in the way. I had to warn Lucia not to give Rhonda an orgasm when it appeared to me that her sucking on Rhonda's plump blackberry sized nipples, would make her cum when combined with the vibrations which occasionally emanated from her cunt. At least, if hip thrusting were any indication, and it often was. 

We all attempted to sleep, and might catch brief cat naps when the Slave Trainer was off, but as soon as the need for the last orgasm had passed, and it started vibrating again, Rhonda would stir and moan, constantly kept on the edge. It reached the point where one of us would ride Rhonda's mouth to smother her low moans so the other could sleep, cumming ourself from her nimble trained tongue.

During one such interlude, while Lucia slept and I'd released all over Rhonda's face, I lapped up the accumulated girl cum during a moment of peace.

"How did you wear this damn thing for a whole day?" Rhonda whispered.

"I spend much of my days as a slave in need of cumming. Obviously, this is much worse, but I'm always craving another orgasm. Plus, I've worn it many times. Slaves are often punished with orgasm denial. You get used to putting off your orgasms," I whispered back. "The one good thing about wearing one is the first orgasm you're allowed to have after is seismic. It will probably be the best orgasm of your life. You'll see."

I could hear the faint buzzing as the Slave Trainer started again. Rhonda stirred, trembling. To keep her quiet so Lucia could sleep, I laid over her and kissed her, stifling her moans in my mouth. Rhonda knew how to kiss and it was a pleasure kissing her. It never took too long to shut off again. Rhonda was so aroused and so close to cumming so often, sometimes it was on for less than a minute before it shut off, and the periods between grew longer as it took longer for her body to settle.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
When it stopped again, I stayed on top of her, our breasts touching. "I should tell you of a couple of the earlier times I wore one," still whispering. "During one, Master had one of his Thursday night poker games just after my initial slavery started. He'd told me he might allow me to have sex with other men, but I thought it might be a trap. He only wanted to see if I'd remain faithful to him. He wouldn't make me have sex with others; it had to be my choice, which is why it felt like a trap. If I chose to have sex with someone, I was choosing, not him." My quiet voice, whispering in her ear.

"I was being punished for failing to suck his cock before work that morning. I was offered a choice, to suck his cock in front of his friends and submit to a spanking, then serve them as a naked slave girl including providing oral gratification to the winners. I'd never had sex in front of others and Lisa, my best friend was one of the players, which meant I would be licking her cunt when she won. Worse yet was knowing my husband would be watching me. In betraying my marriage vows, would I appear too eager to suck someone else's cock; strive too hard to extract their cum and disappoint him? Plus, I knew all of these people and could imagine the shame and humiliation I'd feel every time I saw them for the rest of my life if I sucked their cocks or licked Lucia's cunt. He told me at the end of the game, the players could use their poker winnings to bid on my oral services for fifteen minutes or an orgasm, whichever came last. 

"My alternative choice was to wear the Slave Trainer for the entire poker game, but if I eventually changed my mind and agreed to serve them, I had to decide by eight, or I'd not only serve them orally, but my cunt could be used as well. I chose the Slave Trainer for the length of the poker game as I didn't want to test my marriage. He hung me naked, bound and gagged, within sight of the poker table with a Slave Trainer on, so the other players could witness my squirming and moans.

"After forty-five minutes, I realized I would not last to the end of the game and I'd beg for the alternative. But I had to surrender quickly or it was not just oral services I'd provide, but everything, which was much worse to me. With the gag in my mouth, I couldn't tell Master I wanted the alternative. His back was towards me so the others would have the easier view. I tried attracting their attention by moaning and wriggling in my bonds, but they were used to my squirming and moaning. The minutes were ticking by and my time close to expiring. I started thrashing and screaming behind the gag and Lisa noticed it wasn't the same as they'd become accustomed to. She called Master's attention to me..."

Rhonda's Slave Trainer went off again, and I interrupted my story to kiss her again. When it died, I continued.

"Master removed my gag just before my time was up and I agreed to the alternative. I sucked his cock, withstood a twenty swat spanking and served the players as a naked slave girl. I had to orally pleasure the winner of each hand for two minutes. My Master's friend Edward was the first cock I ever sucked after my marriage. Chen was the first to cum from my mouth, though he started cumming immediately after my mouth left him and left the majority of cum on my face before I went back down on him to collect the rest. Master allowed me to cum each time someone had an orgasm, so I earned my first of the night. I sucked every cock and cunt at the table before the end of the game and made everyone cum. When Master sold my services, Lisa purchased them. She asked to become a slave like me the next day."

"When was the first time you licked cunt, Domina?"

"The very first I ever licked was Mistress Dark. She trained me to properly suck Master's cock and Master to whip me. Additionally, Master realized he'd have less problem watching me with women than he would men, so he let her train me to lick cunt as well. It was the second day of my slavery, a Saturday. The second one I licked was Gwen, who Reneé worked for. I had to seduce her in a Department Store changing room. The Slave Trainer played a part in that as well. Unless I seduced a woman, Master was going to make me wear the Slave Trainer all through dinner at Luigi's without being able to cum. If I seduced a woman into allowing me to lick her, I could have two orgasms, one each time I sucked his cock under the table. If she agreed to lick me in return, I would still have to wear it, but without it being in orgasm denial mode. I could have one every time it went off."

"That's the restaurant we ate at Friday night?" 

"Yes, the regular part of the restaurant has long white tablecloths which allowed me to suck Master under the table. One of the waitresses who waited on us Friday, waited on us then. She discovered me under the table giving Master a blow job, inquired about the source of my squirming and asked Master if she licked my cunt, if he'd remove the restrictions on me. He agreed. She licked me to orgasm in the ladies room and Master removed the restrictions for the rest of the night."

"Was she a lesbian?"

"No. I think it's the only time she's ever done it in her life. She merely felt sorry for a miserable slave girl and did what she could to ease my suffering."

"You're not kidding about the suffering. This is horrible."

"Now you know why she took pity on me. I, on the other hand, have no such pity. I've gone through it myself, so know what a person is capable of withstanding. You see why the whip or paddle is more preferable as a punishment because you're allowed to cum."

The Slave Trainer went off.

"Not again, Domina."

"You can always end it, slave. You know what you have to do."

"I can't, Domina. I simply can't."

"Your choice, slave. You always have a choice."

This time, I rode her face, my story having aroused me. I climaxed in no time, soaking her face, her lips, again. Done, I chose to try to sleep. Lucia took care of her the next time it went off as I slumbered. Around two-thirty, the app alerted me through my phone the battery had died. I got up and released her legs so I could remove the old one. I had Rhonda lick it clean. It was thick with her fluids. I put it on the charger and started putting the fresh one on. Lucia was awake, watching.

"Please, Domina, not again," Rhonda pleaded.

"Twenty-four hours I withstood, slave. You're only two and a half thus far. When this one has died, the other will be charged again, and so on and so on. You're my slave until you need to leave for work tomorrow night. I can keep this up until your slavery has ended."

She was silent as I put it on, silent as I retied her legs, silent until the device turned on.

"I'll do it, Domina, please no more."

"Do what, slave?"

"Let your Master fuck me, Domina, please, no more."

"You'd give up your gold star status, slave? It's a big step."

"Yes. I'll let him fuck me, Domina. I need to cum."

I left it on. I hadn't heard begging yet.

When it didn't go off, she looked at me, tears in her eyes. I looked at her, calm, cool, steel in my eyes. "Please, Domina."

"I haven't heard you beg, though you've been polite."

"I beg for your Master to fuck me. He can fuck my cunt, my ass, my mouth. I'll suck his cock. I'll do whatever you say, Domina, just make it stop."

"You witnessed this slave begging to fuck my Master, Lucia?"

"Yes, Julia, I did. She begged."

I turned if off and Rhonda sighed in relief.

"Would you like to cum, slave?"

"Please, Domina."

"Lucia, release her hands. I think it's time I see what this slave tastes like."

Lucia released her hands, I released her feet and after I'd removed the Slave Trainer, I looked as my slave's cunt, glistening in the light, moisture running towards her ass. 

"You're to hold still, keep your hands to yourself and let me do my thing. Lucia, sit on her hands if you have to."

I seduced her, as I'd first learned to lick cunt. It was fifteen minutes before I even touched her pussy. Her lips were parted, the pink interior surrounded by dark, the interior awash in fluids which ran down her slit to the plug. I tasted her. She was delicious, like honey, almost sweet. It was five more minutes before I touched my tongue to her clit, hard and demanding, like a little prick. I would have to shave my slave tomorrow. 

When she finally climaxed, she screamed loud enough to wake the entire house. I shouted out, "No worries! It's just Rhonda cumming."

Her tremors finally easing, I slid up her body, kissing my way up to her lips, letting her taste herself there. 

"I believe you just had your first slave orgasm," I whispered.

"Are all of yours so powerful, Domina."

"Not that good," I laughed, "but the worst orgasm I had as a slave might be better than the best one I had when free. Now you've had yours, you may give Lucia and I one more each because we're both desperate to cum after your orgasm, then you may sleep the rest of the night. Tomorrow, we'll start preparing you to fuck your first man. By the way, I love the taste of your cum."

"Yes, Domina." She smiled at the praise. 

Like a good slave, she began with her dominant. I was asleep before she started on Lucia.

******

SCOTT

Around three AM, I was awakened by a woman screaming.

"Don't worry, Master," Lisa said sleepily. "It's just a woman climaxing."

A few moment later, I heard Julia yell out, "No worries! It's just Rhonda cumming."

"You'd think she'd never cum before," I said.

"Probably her first slave orgasm, sir. Go back to sleep."

"Her first slave orgasm?"

"The first one you have when you realize you're a slave and you're cumming after being denied orgasms, sir. Julia put her on the Slave Trainer. It's okay. She'll learn to control them better."

"Do you think she's a real sex slave?" I asked, "Rhonda?"

"Sounded like one to me, but who knows. Time will tell. I need to sleep, Master."

She curled back up around me and went to sleep. Maybe I was still jumpy from Jack, but it took me a little longer. I almost woke her up to fuck her again, but decided in the end not to.

******

When I got up the next morning, Julia, Lucia, and Rhonda were in the kitchen making breakfast. Chen was seated on the shot up couch in the living room and Janet was sucking his cock, which if his groans were any indication, was a superb blow job.

I hugged Lucia and my slave, who whispered to me, "Master, Rhonda agreed to have sex with you today, but she's a gold star lesbian and I hesitate to make her abandon her status on the basis of a single day's slavery. I'd like her to think she has to fuck you, so would you please play along. I'll let her suck your cock a little, but I'll spare her the fucking."

I kissed her. "Whatever you think best for your slave," I whispered back.

"Rhonda, display for my Master so he can see what he's getting later today after you've been prepared," Julia said. "Chen, why don't you inspect the gift I've obtained for my Master?" 

Chen had emptied himself down Janet's throat and came over, Janet coming to watch a new slave perform. We both moved around her, commenting on her many fine attributes.

"Touch her, Masters. Her nipples are very sensitive and she's had her first slave orgasm. Her cunt is wet almost constantly now. I doubt we'll be able to stop her from dripping all over the floors."

Our hands began wandering about her body, checking every crease and crevice. As Julia said, her prominent nipples were quite sensitive and she moaned as we tasted them, moaned again as we caressed her liquid folds. Flinched when I ran a finger up the crease of her ass expecting to find her puckered opening and finding a plug instead. While she didn't appear comfortable with our handling, she did seem resigned to it. 

"Kneel, slave," Julia ordered and Rhonda acknowledged and knelt down on the floor. Julia knelt beside her. Julia grabbed my cock firmly and showed it to Rhonda. "My slave is a gold star lesbian, which as I understand it, means she's never touched cock before. Rhonda, this is my Master's cock, which gives me great pleasure. Because he gives me great pleasure, I expect you to give him pleasure in return. I want you to hold it, and stroke it and when he begins to get hard, I want you to suck it."

Julia handed me to her slave and she reluctantly took my cock in her hand. Was it really the first one she'd ever held? The thought of it was enough to make me grow. Rhonda felt me stirring in her hand and slowly increase in size as the blood poured into it like flood gates had opened. Julia pushed Rhonda's head towards me and she opened her mouth. Her tongue came out and licked the head, then she pulled me forward until I went between her lips. 

It was so erotic, I was hard as a steel rod in no time. I let Rhonda drive her new experience. She got maybe two or three inches into her mouth, bobbing back and forth, but no more.

"An experienced slave knows how to take the entire cock," Julia said. 

She took over and sucked down all of me, demonstrating. 

"Lisa, could you please take over breakfast for Lucia so she can show Rhonda how even a dedicated lesbian slave can take a whole cock down."

"Yes, Julia." 

Lisa took over the cooking chores and Lucia knelt beside Rhonda and demonstrated she too could swallow all of my cock, taking the entire length down her throat a couple times before returning to the kitchen to help Lisa again.

"I don't expect you to learn to suck a Master's cock this well in a single day as a slave, but I want you to do the best you can. When he starts to cum, you may swallow the first pulse of his cum, but the rest belongs to me. I will gather the rest of his cum in my mouth and you'll kiss me and I'll share it with you."

So Rhonda did the best she could, swallowing what she could of my cock. She was not a competent cock sucker, treating it more like a lollipop than a cock. Knowing this was the first cock she'd ever sucked and it was Sergeant Meadows, who could probably twist me up like a pretzel, did the rest. That and I hadn't yet cum today and had a full load built up in my balls. Julia was holding my sack and noticed I was ready to cum before Rhonda did.

"Get ready, slave; he's going to cum. Don't spill a precious drop."

Within seconds, it surged up and into Rhonda's mouth, not just the first wad, but the second as well, before Julia took over and finished draining me of my seed. When she couldn't squeeze any more out, she kissed Rhonda, sharing my cum with her. Chen was hard again and he had Janet bent over the table, plunging into her cunt. Janet was cumming almost instantly.

"You may help with breakfast again, slave," Julia said. 

"Yes, Domina." She stood and helped prepare breakfast. Julia made sure I was cleaned and presentable. Chen was still fucking Janet, so they were holding off on setting the table until they finished, which didn't look like it would take long. Chen was driving hard and deep with each stroke, grunting with each one. He exploded into Janet with a groan and as soon as his organ stopped twitching, Janet was on it like a shot, sucking him clean.

"Slave," Julia told Rhonda, "you should clean up after Chen so Janet doesn't leak all over her chair."

Once again, Rhonda did exactly as told, lapping up Chen's cum from his slave, sucking on her slit to get as much as she could. I wondered what Julia had done to her to make her so compliant, or if this was Rhonda; something she always was. I would never have guessed. She was as far removed from a sex slave as I could imagine. On the other hand, I'd seen Marcia turn from slave to cop in a second when Julia and Lisa got raped and Lucia was nothing like the slave I knew her to be when she was guarding my slaves.

"Master," Julia said. "I suggest you look at some of Lisa's old furniture we were planning to sell at our garage sale and see if there's anything you'd like to use rather than buying new. Chen, you might as well pick out anything you might want. We haven't had the opportunity to sell any of it and it's taking up valuable space in our garage and basement. We'd probably not get much for it anyway. After you decide if you can use any of it, go out and buy whatever else you need. Take Lisa with you. I trust her to see you don't pick out anything tacky. Lucia and I will stay and help prepare Rhonda for her first cock fucking. Just think, Master; other than the occasional dildo or strap on, you'll be fucking a virgin. I bet it's been awhile since you could claim to fuck one of those and Rhonda said she's never been fucked in the ass, by any means." 

"I'm not sure I could ever have claimed to fuck a virgin," I said. "I think everyone I've ever been with was with someone else first." 

My cock was getting hard again and Rhonda noticed and I'm sure she was trying to imagine it in her cunt or ass. I wonder how far my slave was willing to go.

"Good idea, Julia. What do you need to do with your slave?" I asked.

"We need to shave her cunt since you like a bald one, and cleanse her ass so she can lick your cock clean if you choose to fuck her ass."

Rhonda looked at her like Julia's head was on fire. "Excuse me, Domina. Did I hear you correctly."

"You did, SLAVE. Did I not hear you beg to service my Master in your cunt, your ass or your mouth? As I recall, your exact words were 'I beg for your Master to fuck me. He can fuck my cunt, my ass, my mouth. I'll suck his cock. I'll do whatever you say, Domina, just make it stop.' Nowhere did you specify any restrictions in your begging? Or am I to assume your word is worthless and just slap the Slave Trainer on you again? You're lucky I'm willing to cleanse your ass before he fucks you, so you don't have to clean your own shit off his cock." 

"What does that mean, Domina, to cleanse me?" Rhonda asked, panicked.

Lisa answered, "It means receiving several enemas until your bowels are empty. So when Master fucks your ass, there's nothing there to get on his cock but his cum. Julia and I have both done it. It's not as bad as it sounds. We're not fond of eating shit either."

"I've done it as well, Rhonda," Janet said. "The first time my Master fucked my ass, it was cleansed so I could clean his cock after. You can't do it all the time, but it's possible to do it once a week or so."

"Have you done it, Lucia," Rhonda asked. 

"It's not required for slaves to clean dildo's that way after an ass fucking, but I've witnessed it being done. I seldom fuck cocks, and then, only to get pregnant. Other than my gang rape, Scott is the only cock I've fucked for anything other than an attempt to conceive."

Julia hugged Lucia, squeezing her fiercely. "Did you fuck my Master when Lisa and I were being punished?"

"I did."

They kissed, then Julia said. "I'll never be able to thank you enough for all you've done for us." She hugged her again.

"You don't mind that Lucia fucked your husband, Domina?" 

"No more than I'll mind when he fucks you, slave. He's my Master and deserving of whatever pleasure he receives, from whatever source he receives it." Julia kissed me.

Rhonda was clearly confused by everything. Lisa said, "Food's ready, wipe the table, make sure Janet's or Chen's cum isn't on it since they just used it to fuck."

Julia sprayed and wiped the table. Lucia put the dishes on. Lisa brought out the food, including orange juice. Everyone sat down. Julia made Rhonda sit in her lap, planning to feed her.

"Master, if I might suggest," Julia said; "I'd like to ask that we say grace today. I was thinking about what Lucia said on Friday night. How as bad as her life was, and all the bad things which happened to her, it put her in the position to save us when the time came. As bad as things have been lately, we're all alive, we've got new friends," she squeezed Rhonda's tits, "and I'm so thankful for my life at this time. I'm not sure it could get better."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"I agree, Julia. This is a great time to be thankful. As bad as everything was, we're all safe and I'm so grateful it wasn't worse. I could have lost everything, both of you and our child. I feel blessed."

We all held hands and Lucia said grace. Julia fed Rhonda and gave her a couple orgasms when the meal was over, finger fucking her slave. Rhonda was moaning and clinging to her Mistress as she climaxed, a shameless slave. 

I noticed Lucia wasn't eating much, which surprised me. We all tended to have hearty appetites due to the amount of sex we had and Lucia was no exception. From the sounds Rhonda made last night, someone had fucked her and if it wasn't Lucia, I was sure she'd been involved somehow.

"What's wrong, Lucia? You're not eating much."

"Still a little queasy, Master Scott, like yesterday. It seems to come and go. I hope I'm not coming down with the flu."

"Me either. We'll probably all end up with it if you are. We spend a lot of time in close proximity."

After the meal, Chen and I looked over the furniture sitting in the garage and the basement. There were a couple pieces Chen took and there was a leather chair which didn't look too bad I could use in the living room. I helped him carry his pieces to his house after we dressed. 

Before we left, Julia pulled me aside and told me to buy a pregnancy test kit.

"We already know you're pregnant. Lisa's still using birth control, isn't she? I thought she was going to wait until after you delivered before getting pregnant herself?"

"Not for Lisa, sir; for Lucia."

"I thought she had no chance of getting pregnant without artificial insemination and placement of the fertilized egg on a smooth part of the uterine wall?"

"Not impossible, Master, just difficult. You had sex with her at the tail end of her last fertile period. An egg could have attached itself naturally to the same part of the wall Dr. Sturgis intended to place it. It may be something else, but it sounds like it could be morning sickness, which doesn't necessarily have to occur only in the morning. Maybe you were lucky."

"Lucky?"

"Maybe you're giving her the child she so desperately wanted. Her karma for saving our lives."

Holy shit. I thought I was going to cum in a cup for her. This would be a little miracle.

"If she is," I asked, "do you care?"

"Not at all, Master. You were planning to provide sperm anyway. The fact you did it where Sam couldn't, just makes me proud of my virile Master. I would love to remain close to Lucia and if you father her child, it would be the perfect opportunity. We could see them frequently so you can see your progeny grow and develop. Don't say anything. I don't want to get her hopes up."

This gave me a great deal more to think about. I knew I wouldn't have financial responsibility for the child, but I'd be having a second kid. What would our parents think? Would they be happy or would they wonder why the hell I was fucking someone else when I had two slaves already. 

It was a short time later, Chen and I went shopping with Lisa and Janet in the back.

"Now that you're moving into a larger place," I asked Chen. "Do you plan on Janet living with you?"

"I can't imagine my life without her anymore," Chen said. "She is my dearest possession."

"Master," Janet said, "I'm so happy you think so."

"Putting my collar on you was the best thing I've ever done."

"Master, you won't believe the fucking you'll receive tonight when we get back to Master Scott's."

"I find it hard to imagine fucking much better than every other fucking I receive from you. Why don't you give notice at your apartment and move in with me as soon as you can."

"Thank you, Master."

We went shopping. I mentally added pregnancy kit to the list.

******

JULIA

The others left, and we were alone. 

"Come with me, slave. We need to prepare you for your fucking this evening. We'll start by shaving your muff."

"Yes, Domina."

I led her to the master bathroom and had her sit in the bathtub on the edge. Lucia followed us to watch. I got fresh disposable razors from our guest stash and the shave butter I preferred to shaving cream when I shaved myself. Making her put her hands behind her neck, I spread her legs farther apart and I taking a washcloth, washed her pussy thoroughly. Spreading the butter around her pussy, I rubbed it in, Rhonda moaning. 

Carefully, I started scraping her hair away, her mons first, then working to shave on either side of her slit. When the first shave had gotten as much as it could, I rubbed more shave butter into her skin. Taking a second, clean blade, I shaved her a second time, running my hand over her skin.

"Nice and smooth," I said. "Very nice. Master will love your cunt."

I washed her again, wiping off the soap. "Stand up, turn around and bend over. I'm going to remove your anal plug. We'll reinsert it after your shower. It will come out a little easier than it went in as it's been in you all night, but expect to feel a little pain. Stay bent over when I remove it, I'm going to shave around your asshole."

Rhonda did as she was told. When she bent over, I grabbed the base of the plug and eased it out of her ass. Rhonda grunted as the widest part slipped past the rubbery muscle. I handed it to Lucia and asked her to please clean it. Rhonda remained bent over. I washed her with the same washcloth and spread the shaving butter over her rosebud and the few sparse hairs growing around it. Rinsing the blade, I applied it to the skin, taking off the hair. Rinsing the washcloth, I washed the soap off, then licked over her sphincter, startling her. 

"Master will love fucking this ass," I told her. "Take a shower and I'll get the enema equipment."

Rhonda went into the shower and I gathered the equipment for cleansing my slave. Lucia watched for a moment.

"Are you really going to make her fuck Master Scott?" She asked.

I looked at the shower to gauge how much Rhonda might be able to hear. "Lower your voice, please, Lucia. I don't want her to hear our discussion." Lucia nodded in understanding. "I'm not making her do this, she begged to do it, but it's not my intention for her to fuck my Master, though I definitely want her to believe she'll have to, which is why I'm doing all this. I believe one day of slavery is not enough for her to surrender her Gold Star lesbian status completely. I was willing for her to suck Master's cock a little for surrendering to the Slave Trainer, but she shouldn't have to abandon her entire lifestyle. But having her think she has to fuck a man gives me an idea of her level of submissiveness."

"What made you suspect Rhonda was submissive?"

"I couldn't know for sure, but she knew you were a sex slave and it didn't bother her. Not only does it not bother her, but she cares for you a great deal. She wants to spend time with you anyway, despite her knowledge, it implies she's got dominant or submissive tendencies; that she's not interested in an equal partnership, knowing what she knows. Maybe she's interested in you as either her submissive or because you're an example of someone who is submissive. Taken by itself, maybe fifty-fifty, either way.

"But it occurred to me; given how hard she worked to get where she was, a sergeant at a slightly younger age than normal, both female and black; she might think if she was submissive, it made her weak, incapable of being the strong person she needs to be for her job. Then she meets you and you're a submissive, but you're no weakling. You're as badass as they come. She realizes she can be submissive on the one hand and still be who she needs to be on the job. She's attracted to you and your toughness precisely because it proves she can be both; she can have her job and a Mistress. Maybe it's why she wants to watch Janet be punished? If so, it makes the odds closer to eighty-twenty. The only way to find out is to test my theory. I suggest she be punished and she agrees to experience it. Then she agrees she'll fuck my Master. I think she's a submissive who's only discovering she can be both a slave and a police officer. When she heard we know lawyers and deputies and FBI agents who are submissive, she knows she can be one too."

"I never would have guessed. I make it okay for her to be a submissive?"

I laughed. "You're a tough cookie. You can be vulnerable and still protect our asses. Still, it was only a guess. It had to be tested. Maybe Rhonda doesn't know what's in her own mind. So we throw it out there and see what happens, how submissive she's willing to be. Willing enough to suck Master's cock and agree to get fucked, but she can still back out at any time."

Lucia considered the possibilities.

I grabbed the equipment and went into the shower, showing Rhonda what she had to do. After explaining the process, she filled the bottle with warm, mild, soapy water and I inserted the nozzle into her rectum and let the water run into her. 

"Hold it in as long as you can, then sit on the toilet and expel the contents. We keep repeating the process until the water coming out is clear, at which time, you may shower again and we'll dress you in something provocative which my Master will appreciate."

"Yes, Domina."

She did as she was instructed and on the third time, the water she expelled was clear. I had her do it once more without soap so it it rinsed the soapy residue out. She didn't have to hold it in since it was merely a rinse.

"Take a shower. I have the perfect outfit for you."

Rhonda showered quickly this time, not much needing cleaning. When she finished drying off, I reinserted her butt plug with the help of more lubricant. It went in easier than last night and she didn't need an orgasm to help.

"Master will remove it when he fucks your ass," I said calmly. "Come into the bedroom and we'll dress you."

"Yes, Domina."

Going into one of the drawers I found the Couture Nuit outfits Master had bought for Lisa and I. The white one would contrast so nicely with Rhonda's dark skin tones. Essentially nothing more than thin straps which wrapped around her body in an intriguing way, it left her both nude and enhanced. It was fully adjustable which meant it could fit anyone, and since it was last on Lisa, it needed some adjusting. I stood her in front of the mirror. 

"Master is going to enjoy fucking you so much, slave," I whispered in her ear. 

I pinched a pointy nipple and ran a hand over her awesome abs to her hairless crotch and slid a finger through her slit finding her wet. She truly was a slave.

We took Rhonda back to Lucia's room and took turns fucking her with the strapless while she licked the other one's cunt. This time she was allowed to cum. Of course, she was still smacked hard if she ignored her duties when she climaxed or we fucked her, but after sixty minutes of practice, I could no longer detect any difference in skill when she climaxed as when she wasn't. She was becoming an excellent slave.

We were lying together on the bed in a post orgasmic haze. 

"Domina, when do you anticipate your Master fucking me? As soon as he gets home or after supper?"

"Why do you ask, slave?"

"I'd like to mentally prepare myself and it would help to know when the event will take place."

Lucia looked at me over her sweat sheened body. I suppose it was time to tell her.

"You don't have to fuck my Master," I said. "I was making you think you had to so I could test the level of your submissiveness."

"Domina?" She turned to face me inquisitively. I kissed her. 

"Knowing how proud you were of your gold star lesbian status, I decided to test your submissiveness by preparing you to fuck my Master and telling you how you must. I knew you wouldn't be able to withstand the Slave Trainer all night and you'd break down. Unless you used your safe word to back out, I wanted to know how far you'd be willing to go."

"So you shaved me and cleansed me for nothing?"

"Not nothing. It was a test. If you'd surrender your gold star status, it was a measure of how submissive you are."

"Does your Master know he won't be fucking me?"

"He knows. The little you sucked his cock is all he's expecting of you. It seemed a shame to have you surrender a lifetime of lesbian status for a bet where you only became a slave for a day."

"How did you ever guess I might be submissive?"

I explained the reasoning I'd followed which I'd explained to Lucia earlier.

"You believed the interest I had in Lucia had something to do with my submissive tendencies?"

"Not initially. You are a lesbian and it could have been a true infatuation with a beautiful girl, but you weren't thrown when it was revealed she was a submissive sex slave who had a Mistress. It seemed to make her more intriguing to you. It could have gone either way. Perhaps you were a dominant who wanted a slave of her own, but then you wished to see Janet punished and agreed to be punished yourself to see if you'd cum. It made it more likely you were a submissive yourself. I decided to test my hypothesis by throwing my Master into the mix to see how you'd react. I think Lucia's toughness combined with her sex slavery allowed you to believe you could still be the policewoman you've worked so hard to become and still be submissive to the right person."

She turned on her back and stared at the ceiling, thinking, possibly realizing for the first time she was and I was right.

"When you agreed to be your Master's sex slave, did you foresee you would be having sex with women?" Rhonda asked.

"It never occurred to me. I was surprised, though it made sense after Master told me I would. It would be a way to explore me having sex with others without the trauma of seeing me with men first."

"And when you had sex with one for the first time, did it make you feel like a lesbian?"

"No, it made me feel more submissive. I was doing it for my Master, not for myself. It wasn't until Lisa joined us, I considered I might be a least partially bisexual. I truly do love her and enjoy making love with her. I'm not sure if I'm a true bisexual. If I were free to do so, I don't think I'd ever pick up a woman in a bar, the way I would a man. But I appreciate women more, their softness, their caresses, the way they smell and taste. I can enjoy having sex with one without concerning myself with definitions. I don't dislike it. I enjoy everyone I have sex with, but I need sex frequently as a slave and women allow me to have more sex, since Master doesn't object to them."

Rhonda was silent, thinking some more.

"I want your Master to have sex with me," Rhonda said. Both Lucia and I looked at her in surprise.

"Why?" I asked. "You don't have to. I won't make you do it. You can remain a gold star if you wish. Why surrender the attitude and inclination of a lifetime for a one day slavery?"

"I no longer feel it's a one day slavery, Domina. I wish to surrender myself to you and if I do, I realize I'm also submitting to your Master. You said so yourself. You wish to please him and I am another tool in your arsenal to please him. I might as well start today."

I was flabbergasted. I couldn't speak. I could barely think. What was I going to do with a slave and how would it ever work in my current relationship?

"I don't know how that would work, Rhonda. If you are submissive, why not submit to a lesbian Mistress? Mistress Dark is a lesbian, why not choose her?"

"She uses her slaves to train other submissives and dominants, Domina. I'd end up having sex with men anyway, and it wouldn't be only one which you and Lisa clearly love and you're so devoted to."

"What about my Mistress, Rhonda?" Lucia asked. "Brianna would welcome another lesbian slave of your caliber. You would never have to have sex with men, even to get pregnant. She doesn't require it, it's simply the way we've chosen to do so."

"I admit I like the idea of spending more time with you, Lucia. I really do care for you, and I hope we may always spend time with one another and remain close friends. But Brianna lives in Los Angeles, and I want to remain a police officer here. I don't want to start over somewhere else. I've already learned Domina will love and care for me the way I wish to be treated. My gold star status is not so important to me I'm prepared to give up my Domina because I have to serve her Master as well."

Fuck! What the hell was I going to do? Obviously this was not a decision I could make on my own. I was owned myself and perhaps Master wouldn't allow me to have a slave, even if he got to share her. Fuck! 

"Are you even on birth control?" I asked. "If you don't have sex with men, I would imagine it was unnecessary."

"No, I'm not, but I'm willing to start it."

"That wouldn't help if you have sex with Master today." Fuck!

"I can start. In the meanwhile, your Master can use condoms."

I looked at Lucia. She shrugged her shoulders, saying, "I don't know what to tell you. You opened up this can of worms. You have to figure it out."

"Fuck!" I said aloud. "Obviously, I'm not in a position to give you an answer now. Owning other slaves is not one of my prerogatives as a slave myself. This obviously has implications for everyone in the household. It will need to be discussed."

"I understand, Domina. I don't expect an answer today, but I'm willing to have sex today. I did lose my bet and agreed to fuck him to get off the Slave Trainer. I'd like to keep my bargains. Like you, having sex with a woman was a measure of your submissiveness. Having sex with your Master is a measure of mine."

I was at a loss for words. Dumbfounded didn't even begin to describe it.

I sent a text to Master. Buy condoms while you're out, sir. At least a dozen.

He sent a question mark back.

It will take too long to explain, Master. Just buy them. 

Okay, he responded. Whatever you say.

"He'll bring home some rubbers," I said.

"Thank you, Domina."

We were all quiet, considering, wondering about the enormity of what was occurring.

"Will I enjoy fucking your Master, Domina?" Rhonda asked after we lay there for awhile.

"As a sex slave, you'll probably enjoy fucking anything," I replied. "The need for sex is very strong. Ask Lucia. She's fucked him. Did you enjoy yourself, Lucia?"

"While I much prefer cunts," Lucia replied, "Scott is a skillful lover. I climaxed several times while he was fucking me. I've also enjoyed fucking Sam, though he always provides females to smooth over the transition when he's trying to get me pregnant. He honors our preferences."

I suppose I should do the same for Rhonda. Let a female be a part of her experience as she was fucked by cocks for the first time. I'd have no shortage of volunteers, including myself, but Lucia was probably the better choice.

"Lick me to orgasm again, slave, while I think about this," I ordered. "Lucia, ride my face."

"Yes, Domina," Rhonda replied. "Gladly," Lucia said. We settled in for another round of sex.

******

SCOTT

"This is odd," I said; "Julia sent me a text telling me to get condoms. A dozen."

"Aren't you fucking Rhonda later? I suppose it's possible she isn't on birth control," Chen replied.

"Julia told me it was a show she was putting on for Rhonda's benefit. She didn't want her to surrender her gold star lesbian status as the result of a bet for slavery for one day. None of my slaves need me to wear condoms. Even Lucia is trying to get pregnant."

"Maybe she changed her mind," Lisa said. "Perhaps Rhonda hasn't been sufficiently pleasing as a slave. Ask her why, sir."

"Even if she did change her mind, why would I need a dozen," I said while replying with a question mark. 

Her answer was a text saying it would take too long to explain.

"We'll find out soon enough, sir," Lisa said.

We'd had a successful day shopping. Chen and I had done some serious damage. All of the furniture was being delivered Monday. Julia could open up Lisa's house while Lisa and Chen were at the closing so his stuff could be delivered. I'd received an email from the mattress company that the Alaskan king mattress we'd ordered was being delivered this week too. I was looking forward to the extra space on the bed. Things were looking pretty good at the moment. Julia, Lisa and I needed to read over the documents we'd received from Zoe and set a date for our bonding ceremony. So much of our life had been placed on hold the last few weeks. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
Chen had asked for his slave's input as he picked things out. Janet was beside herself with happiness. I was happy for them. Chen had been lonely for quite some time and Janet had come from a toxic relationship. To find each other was a blessing. When they'd been looking at king size beds, Janet had pointed to a particular four poster bed.

"Master, this particular bed would allow you to tie me down to the bed, as well as tie me to the end in a standing position when your slave requires correction." 

Chen kissed her. "Then we'll take this one."

"Thank you, sir." She practically melted against him. For a second I thought Chen would bend her over the bed and take her there, but he somehow restrained himself. Good, I'd spent so much money today, I'm not sure I had enough left to bond them both out of jail.

Now this - condoms. Well, I had to stop somewhere to buy a pregnancy kit anyway, so a stop at a drug store on the way home.

I asked the others what they wanted to do about supper.

"I don't care what we get," Chen said, "but I'm paying for it."

"Why don't we order several large pizzas when we get home, Master?" Lisa said. "We can eat it out by the pool again or inside, whichever suits us."

"Sounds good to me," Chen said.

"No Chinese food," I teased him.

"I like Italian better," Chen laughed.

"Pizza it is. We have one more stop to make and we can go home."

I stopped at a CVS and picked up a pregnancy test and a dozen condoms, leaving the others in the car. I handed the package to Lisa, who looked inside.

"Master, why do you have a pregnancy test?"

"Julia thought it might be possible Lucia's pregnant," I responded. "She's had an upset stomach the last couple days and Julia wondered if it wasn't morning sickness."

"Who'd be the father?" Chen asked. "Isn't she a lesbian and isn't the reason she's staying with you is because she hasn't been able to get pregnant?"

"That would be me," I said. "Right after Dr. Sturgis said she'd help Lucia, Lisa and Julia volunteered my sperm. Since I was going to anyway and Lucia was at the tail end of her expected fertile cycle, I fucked Lucia the old fashioned way, that evening and again the next morning. I was doubtful it would be me, but who else could it be."

"Oh my God," Lisa said, "that would be wonderful."

"Wonderful?" Chen asked. "Scott having another kid so soon after Julia has one."

"The child wouldn't technically be Scott's to raise, Master Chen. She'd be Brianna's. Master was only supplying the baby batter, but considering how Lucia saved our lives, this would be a great excuse to remain close."

"Julia said the same thing."

"We think alike, Master."

"I guess congratulations are in order then," Chen said.

"Not yet, it's only a guess so far. Julia doesn't want anyone to say anything to Lucia until the test is done. She doesn't want her to get her hopes up unnecessarily," I said. 

"She needs to take the test as soon as we get home, Master. I have to know if Junior will have a little brother or sister."

Well, that would be quite soon. We were a block away.

As soon as we got to the house, Lisa asked, "Lucia, do you need to pee?"

I looked at them. All three had girl cum around their faces. It looked like they'd had a fun day.

"I have no burning need to pee, no," Lucia said.

"Can you though?"

"I suppose I could if I have to," Lucia said.

Lisa grabbed her hand and pulled her from the couch. "Let's go then." She led Lucia towards the master bath. The rest of us ended up following. Julia knew why, but Rhonda didn't. 

"The bathroom habits of slaves rarely draws this much attention," Lucia said, looking at the faces of everyone who was now standing in the bathroom or staring through the door, waiting for her to sit on the toilet.

Lisa handed her the stick from the kit. "Pee on this," she ordered.

Lucia looked at it, recognizing it for what it was. "Is this a pregnancy test?"

"Yes. Don't get your hopes up yet, but yes it is," Julia said.

Lucia made the connection. "You think I have morning sickness, don't you?"

"It's a possibility," Julia replied. "You're not running a fever."

"Do it, Lucia," Rhonda said, catching up with the rest of us. "Take the test."

Lucia sat down on the toilet and released her stream, sticking the test stick into it. Finishing, she closed the test kit. "Five minutes," she said, "before we know." She wiped and stood up. I set my watch timer for five minutes.

Rhonda came in and held her hand. "We're praying for you."

The seconds ticked by. No one moved except to move their weight from one leg to the other, everyone staring at the stick, wondering what the results would be. Janet was holding Chen's hand; Julia and Lisa were holding mine, squeezing them. It seemed to take forever. Finally, the timer went off.

"Here goes nothing," Lucia said, disappointed multiple times as the months had passed since she started trying to conceive. "It's positive. What's that mean?"

"It means you're going to have a baby," Julia said. "Congratulations."

The bathroom exploded with sound; cheers, clapping, screams, worse than a football stadium after a touchdown for the home team. Rhonda hugged Lucia, then the rest of the women got in there, then Chen, and finally me.

"Master Scott, I can't thank you enough," she said, hugging me.

"I didn't do anything special," I replied. "Julia thinks it's your karma for saving their lives. It's what you've earned for your bravery and care for your charges. Why don't you call your Mistress and let her know the good news."

"Don't you think I should wait until it's confirmed, Master Scott."

"Those things are pretty accurate. I think it's safe enough to tell her you at least have a positive result on a home pregnancy test, plus no more alcohol for now. You might also want to give up sparring. You'll need to talk to Doctor Sturgis and see if she has any other recommendations based upon your medical history."

"Yes, yes, yes." She hugged me again. "Thank you." She left to find her phone.

"May I please ask everyone else who is not a member of this household except for my slave, Rhonda, to leave our bedroom please," Julia asked.

Chen and Janet left.

"Display, slave," Julia said, then knelt herself at my feet.

"Master and Lisa, this slave displaying for you now has asked to become my slave on a permanent basis. She realizes as my slave, she is subject to the needs and desires of everyone else in the household. I know I told Master I did not intend to make her surrender her gold star lesbian status as a result of one stupid bet which turned her into a slave for a day. But if she's not going to be a slave for only a day, knows that she's available for my Master's use. She is therefore prepared to surrender her virginities today. I know I don't have the right to accept her servitude without the acceptance of all of you, particularly, my Master.

"If you both agree she may remain as my slave, I will accept her offer to surrender her gold star status today. If not, I will not take it."

What a shocking turn of events. If anyone had said to me yesterday that Rhonda was a sex slave in disguise, I would have laughed at their stupidity. Rhonda seemed more the type to be a dominant than a submissive if she was anything but a vanilla lesbian, yet somehow, Julia had discovered differently.

"Is this true, Rhonda?" I asked. "You wish to become Julia's slave with all that implies, including forever surrendering your lesbian only status?"

"Yes, Master Scott."

"Why not choose a lesbian only Mistress?"

"Mistress Dark uses her slaves to train Dominants and submissives and I would likely need to surrender my lesbian status anyway with her and they would be strangers, sir. I've seen your interactions with each other and view your family as a very close and friendly family unit. If I have to have sex with a man, I would prefer you to multiple strangers, and since you're a triad of two females and one male, I suspect I would be having sex at least twice as often with women as with you, sir, and perhaps more. Lucia also asked me if I'd be willing to join Brianna, and while I'd never have to have sex with a man, I'd have to surrender my job, and I've had to work hard to get where I am. I don't want start over somewhere else. I suppose I might look elsewhere, but I value the closeness, harmony and togetherness I've witnessed with your family. Even were I to find someone else, it wouldn't necessarily be as pleasant."

"I need to speak to my family alone, slave," Julia said. "Go out in the living room and display there. If anyone wants to inspect a slave girl, you will allow them to."

"Yes, Domina." 

Rhonda left our bedroom.

"Lisa, Master, what do you think?"

"How would this work exactly?" I asked.

"I'm not sure, Master? I think we'd be playing it by ear. I'd like to give it at least a month's trial period and if it becomes a problem, we can terminate the experiment. I'd like to speak to Marcia about being both a sex slave and a police officer to find out if she has any recommendations for handling an LEO slave."

"Keeping slaves is an expensive business. I can't treat her like Lisa; have her on our insurance policies and make her an equal partner in our relationship," I said. "You'd have to be responsible for her expenses."

"She has a good job, Master, including her own health insurance plan. I don't foresee that being an issue. We'd have to feed her when she's here. I imagine I could arrange for her to supply funds for her own upkeep above and beyond what we have now. She works five nights a week. She'd only be sharing our bed two nights a week except when she had days off and vacations, and we're getting the Alaskan king this week."

"What made you even suspect she was submissive?" Lisa said. "I never got that vibe. Of course, I doubt I had the vibe either before I became one."

"I wasn't sure she was, Lisa. But she wasn't thrown when she found out Lucia was a sex slave, nor did she attempt dominating her when she did discover it. I think, she might have always had inclinations towards submission, but never saw how she could reconcile being a sex slave and a strong, competent police officer. Lucia showed her she didn't necessarily need to be weak to be a sex slave. She could be strong in one area of her life and submit in another. Being a submissive didn't make her a wimp. Lucia could never be described as a wimp. It gave her the freedom to surrender."

"But you discovered it," I said. "It explains why you wanted the condoms. She's not on birth control, is she?"

"No, she's not. I had a theory and I tested it. It's not like I could sniff out she was a slave, sir."

"What do you think, Lisa. You're an equal member of the household. Should we allow Julia to accept Rhonda's submission?"

"How would I fit into this?"

"You're equal to me, both Master's sex slaves. While she may not recognize you as her Mistress, I would say she's the lowest rung on the totem pole and would have to comply with your wishes as she does mine. Master's wishes supersedes everyone else."

"I don't want you reassigning any orders I give you to your slave," I said. "You have to comply, not your slave."

"Of course, Master."

"You realize if we add another sweet cunt, Master will spend less time fucking us," Lisa said. "Having another three holes to fill will reduce our opportunities."

"I know, and it's disappointing, but she's a lesbian, so I'd like to restrict her access to cock under most circumstances and it does give both of us an expert muff diver. If Master doesn't mind fucking her only once or twice a week instead of daily as he does us, perhaps the weekend when she's off, and not every night. I also thought since Master doesn't want either of us fucking men anymore, Rhonda could be used as the naked serving girl during poker nights, white silk only, as soon as her cock sucking skills have improved."

"I'd be willing to consider restricting my use of her given her sexual orientation," I said, "and having another slave girl to offer on poker night does have appeal."

"Then I think we should give it a shot, Master," Lisa said. "I know how miserable I was when I thought I had to give up my slavery. It was like a part of me died. Being a submissive and having to give up my Dominant was devastating. If Rhonda is a submissive, she needs a Dominant, and Julia has demonstrated she's a good one. I see no reason we can't at least test adding her to this relationship. If it doesn't work, perhaps we can help her find another one."

I thought about it for a minute. 

"I'll agree to a one month trial, to be further evaluated at the end of that time to see if we wish it to continue. Make sure she understands it is a trial and not necessarily permanent. She can also determine if she wants to continue after one month. If we feel the trial is unsuccessful on either side, we'll either help her find a Mistress if she still wants one, or she can abandon her slavery altogether."

"Yes, Master. Thank you. She chose Alpha and Omega as her safe words. It makes things less complicated. She'll be surrendering herself to you today if she agrees to the terms as you've outlined them."

Julia stood up and hugged Lisa and I, and we all went to the living room. Rhonda remained on display and Lucia was playing with her, two fingers up her cunt. Rhonda was moaning.

"Lucia, how did your Mistress take the news."

Lucia withdrew her hand from Rhonda's pussy and licked them clean. "She's cautiously optimistic, Master Scott; very happy to get the news. She's wondering if I'll have to remain here now. I said I'd discuss it with the doctor when I can speak to her, but I was hoping Rhonda could take me to Los Angeles this weekend, so I can visit."

"That would be up to her new Mistress," I said. 

I saw the sudden look of surprise and joy on Rhonda's face when I said it, so she was clearly happy we were going to accept her submission. Chen and Janet looked surprised as well.

"Who's her Mistress?" Chen asked. "I thought it was a one day deal."

"So did I," I replied. "Apparently, Rhonda wants Julia to become her dominant full time."

Janet and Chen looked at each other. "How does that work?" Chen asked.

"I haven't got a clue," I said. "I suppose we figure it out by trial and error."

"You may kneel, slave," Julia said, "and greet your new Mistress."

Rhonda dropped to her knees at Julia's feet. "Thank you, Domina."

"We need to discuss the terms of your slavery," Julia said. "There are issues we have to work out."

"Of course, Domina."

"Have a seat on the chair," Julia said. "Lisa and Master, if you would please have a seat on the couch."

We sat down. Julia remained standing, pacing in between us.

"This is a trial period only to start. One month, to see how this works for all of us. You may, of course, opt out at any time. Your slavery is entirely voluntary and you may realize it's not for you. We'll give you the full month to make up our own minds about how this is working for us. As my slave, you're below everyone else, you will answer to Lisa, myself, and my Master, even Lucia, if she's here. If I give you an order, my Master may countermand it. He is the ultimate authority for this house and all the slaves within it. I expect you to provide $500 dollars a month towards your room and board. You will reside here full time during this trial period, living by the rules of the house. You will be provided your own room where you may keep your uniforms and whatever else you require for your job. You will sleep here, dine here, leave here for work, return here after. In this house, you'll remain naked at all times. Is all of this clear thus far?"

"Yes, Domina, perfectly."

"In this house, you will be available for my Master to fuck, all three holes. I expect you to learn to take all of his cock in your mouth and throat within the week, starting today. If you agree to this trial, you're essentially surrendering your gold star lesbian status today, regardless if we choose to discontinue the trial in one month. The only way to determine if this is going to work for all of us is to go full bore from the start. Your status won't be saved until we decide to make this permanent. Is this clear to you and do you agree?"

"I understand and agree, Domina."

"I'm going to speak to the deputy who's a sex slave today in order to determine what allowances we should make towards your slavery in respect to your law enforcement career. I don't wish to do anything to jeopardize it. We'll apply whatever guidelines she feels are appropriate to your status as police officer."

"Thank you, Domina, I appreciate this."

"You will address my Master as Master and all other Dominants by their title and name. You may address all other slaves by their name alone, although I expect you to address Lisa as Miss Lisa to designate her superior station to you. I will require my own collar and cuffs back, after I obtain my own to give you. They are mine. I earn them every day, but I want you to be reminded of your status whenever you're in the house, so you may wear them until I collar you with my own. You may only remove them when you leave for work, but replace them immediately upon your return. If I ever find you without collar and cuffs in this house, you'll be punished. You'll also be punished for disobedience, including cumming without permission, just as I am. Any disobedience will result in thirty swats by my hand or my Master's for the first offense of the day, thirty with the Enforcer or the whip for subsequent violations."

"Of course, Domina."

"Do we understand each other?"

"Yes, Domina. Perfectly."

"You will shave your cunt a minimum of every other day. When you leave for work tonight, place your collar and cuffs on the table by the door. When you're off work, proceed to your house and get what you need for work purposes and bring them here. Immediately upon entering our house, you will replace your collar and cuffs, then you will check in with me, waking me if necessary, then you may sleep, setting your alarm for five PM, at which time you'll get up and help prepare supper, dining with us. You'll then have whatever slave duties are assigned you until it's time to work. This will be your life for as long as you remain a slave here. Is that understood?"

"Yes, Domina."

"You will now suck my Master's cock until he cums. You will swallow every drop of his cum as if it is the most precious substance in the world. I don't expect a perfect blow job from an untrained slave, but I do expect perfect subservience. If she fails to swallow every drop, Master, you may punish her." I nodded.

"Immediately, Domina," Rhonda answered.

As she spoke, she was off her chair and kneeling before me, releasing my cock from my pants and her lips going around the crown. I settled back in the chair to enjoy this as much as possible. She may not be an expert, but the novelty alone would be enough for me to empty myself in her mouth.

"Julia, Lisa, may I have a moment of your time, please," Janet asked, "in private."

"Of course," Lisa said. "In the bedroom, if you wish."

The three of them disappeared from sight. Chen looked as perplexed as I did, so he had no clue what they were doing either. Me, I just leaned back and enjoyed a reasonably good cock sucking from a new slave as much as could be expected. She successfully extracted a sack full of cum and swallowed it all.

******

JULIA

Janet followed us into the bedroom and we all sat on the bed.

"What do you need, Janet," I asked.

"Master invited me to move in with him in his new house today. He even allowed me to help pick out new furniture, including a bed I think would be perfect for taming a slave."

"That's wonderful, Janet. I'm so happy for you. Did you know, Lisa."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
"Yes. He asked her in the car. Of course, all the other things which happened kind of shoved this to the background, but I thought it was wonderful news as well. Janet and Chen go well together." 

"Do you want to celebrate? Should we chill a bottle of champagne or something?" I asked.

"Master planned to order pizza's for tonight and I did want to celebrate," Janet admitted, "but I had something else in mind. I told Master he would get the best fucking ever tonight. He said he didn't see how he could get a better fucking than he received from me every day, and he's right. I don't know how to give him more than I do now. We fuck in every way we can. They're all wonderful. We both cum so much. I don't know what more I can do to make it more special for him. I was hoping you might have some ideas."

"I see your quandary," Lisa said. "With Julia and I, we can double team Master. One of us can suck his balls while he's fucking the other. There's always a way to rearrange three people to do something a little different."

"Could one of you join me in fucking my Master? I really do want to make this special for him."

"Master doesn't want us fucking other men anymore," I responded. "But that does raise an interesting idea. Do you think your Master would like to fuck a virgin?"

"Who?"

"Rhonda. She's never had a cock in her cunt or ass before. Today's the first time she ever sucked a cock. In fact, we could reward my Master for allowing me to accept Rhonda as my slave with a double penetration of her cunt and ass, if you're willing to share Chen with another slave. I think every woman should experience a double penetration from two cocks once in their life."

"I suspect Rhonda only expects to fuck Master," Lisa said. "Do you think she'd agree?"

"All we can do is ask her," I said. "If she says no, I'll respect her wishes, but perhaps the one time, she'd consider it. Let's see if she's finished sucking his cock yet."

I went into the living room and Master was groaning, thrusting up into Rhonda's mouth. She had roughly half his cock in her mouth and was gamely trying to take more, but running into her gag reflex. Master was ready to cum. I watched closely to see if she'd swallow it all. 

"Fuck," he grunted, "I'm cumming." He held her head over his cock without driving deep in her throat, just holding her there as he emptied himself. As far as I could tell, she didn't lose a drop.

"Good girl," I said, patting her head as Master slowly stopped thrusting. "You did well. As soon as you finish cleaning him off, I'd like you to join us in the bedroom. Master Chen, if you're ordering pizza, you might want to order it now. Master knows what we like on our pizzas and Rhonda and Lucia can tell you what they like before Rhonda joins us." 

I went back and four minutes later, Rhonda joined us, kneeling at my feet.

"What can I do for you, Domina?"

"I have a favor to ask, slave."

"Whatever you wish, Domina."

"You'd better wait to hear what I have in mind before you agree. It's an unexpected request."

"Yes, Domina."

"Today, Chen asked Janet to live with him as his slave in his house next door. She wants to reward him with an extra special fucking. I'd like to reward Master as well for allowing me to keep you as my slave. Under normal circumstances, I don't expect to ask you to fuck men other than Master, although I will make you available to other women regularly and ask you to suck cocks other than Master's. The Thursday night poker game being an example of when a slave girl might provide oral services to others as I did. Tonight, I'd like to make an exception to the general rule.

"I'd like for Chen to be the first man in your cunt while your mouth pleasures Janet. After, I'd like Master to be the first one in your ass as you and Lucia are in a sixty-nine. I think the inclusion of women will make it easier to take your first cocks. After you've surrendered your virginities, I want you to get both men hard again and take them both in your body in a double penetration, Master in your cunt, and Chen in your ass. In the process, we'll be rewarding both of our Masters and I do believe every woman should undergo a double penetration once in their life if they're going to fuck cocks. Even if they don't, but a double dildo penetration isn't quite the same. I know from personal experience."

Rhonda was silent, considering my request. 

"This is not something you have to do, slave. It's not what you might have agreed to when you asked to be my slave. You still have your safe words. You may stop at any time even if you initially agree. You always have the option of ending something with your safe word, even fucking; not just punishment. If at any point, you don't wish to proceed, speak either of your safe words and we'll stop it. Alpha to slow things down until you're more comfortable with what is happening. Omega to end it. The choice is yours. Master will still fuck you twice regardless, once in the cunt and ass."

"Under the circumstances you outlined, Domina, I will agree to try. I don't promise to continue to the end. I shall have to see what happens. I'll admit to being a little scared."

"You scared, Rhonda," I teased. "Big tough police officer. I'm surprised you can even feel fear."

Rhonda gave a forced chuckle. "Even serving one cock scares me a little. Two is worse, but if I can stop it, I guess there's no reason not to try, Domina."

"I understand. I suspect you'll enjoy it, as slaves enjoy sex in general, but I recognize your trepidation in doing something for the first time. It it's any consolation to you, Janet and I will suck the cum from your openings afterward and reward you for your bravery."

"That, I know I'll enjoy, Domina."

"I'll tell our Masters what to expect, slave."

"Yes, Domina."

We all exited the bedroom, Master and Chen looking at us expectantly wondering what devilment we'd been hatching together. 

"We have two things to celebrate tonight," I said. "Master Chen is asking Janet to move in with him as his full time slave and Rhonda has asked to be my slave and Master has agreed to allow it. Janet wanted her Master to receive his best fucking ever tonight and Janet, Lisa and I believe my Master should be rewarded as well. Rhonda will be surrendering her pussy virginity to Master Chen and her anal virginity to my Master. After taking each of your cocks one at a time, she intends to take both at once, Master in her cunt and Master Chen in her ass, after which Janet and I intend to reward her for being a good sport and taking care of both our Masters. This will take place after our pizza supper. I hope both of you gentleman appreciate how difficult it is for Rhonda to go from a gold star lesbian to double penetration in one night and both be gentle when you fuck her."

Chen asked, "Are you sure you want me to do this, Janet?" I appreciated he would check with his slave before fucking someone new.

"Yes, Master. I'm so happy you've chosen to share your life with me. I want you to have the best sex I can and if Rhonda's virgin cunt doesn't make for great sex, I don't know what else to do."

Master already knew what Lisa and I would say, but he was sharp enough to ask Rhonda.

"Is this okay with you, Rhonda?"

"Yes, Master. I have my safe words and I'm grateful you've allowed me to enter your life. I'm okay with this."

"We'll be as gentle as we can, slave."

"Thank you, Master."

"The pizzas should be here in twenty minutes," Master said. "Do we want naked slaves greeting him or her, or shall we hide you in the bedroom."

I assumed Rhonda was already pretty jumpy based upon what she'd already agreed to. No point in making it worse. 

"We'll go in the bedroom when the delivery person arrives, Master."

"Very well, slaves. I'm looking forward to this evening."

"Why don't you and Lucia go to her room to wait, Rhonda. I'm sure you can find something to do with your time."

"May I cum, Domina?"

"Yes, you may, slave, if Lucia lets you. You are the lowest of the low, a slave's slave. She will be in charge. I expect you to be wearing Lucia's cum on your face when you return." 

"Yes, Domina." Such a good girl.

******

I called Marcia. 

"Hello Julia. It's wonderful news about Lucia. Thank you and your Master for all you've done to help. You're not having any more problems are you? Lucia told us a couple days ago Jack is deceased."

"No, no, nothing like that. Do you have a few minutes to talk? I need to discuss something with you. You can call me back at a more convenient time if you need to."

"I have a few minutes to spare."

"I seem to have acquired a police officer as a sex slave."

"Wait," processing the information silently, then "you or your Master?"

"Me, although ultimately, Master as well."

"Okaaay. Odd, but I could see how it would happen. I assume it's you and not your Master because she's a lesbian. What's the issue?"

"I don't want her to get into trouble at her job or out her as a submissive. How do I keep that from happening?"

"Her department already knows she's a lesbian, right?"

"Yes, she's made that clear to everyone."

"Well, she can't wear slave gear to work, except possibly a few piercings she could get away with. No collars or cuffs, possibly something very subtle in a bracelet, but for safety reasons having to do with getting strangled, necklaces are usually out. No nudity under her clothes. She's got to look like a civilian in the locker room or exercise room. Fresno, despite its size, will be a little more insular than Los Angeles. If you take her out on the town, she can look sexy, but not slutty. I assume she'll be residing with you?"

"Yes." 

"Some of the Fresno police already know what your proclivities are due to the attack. Not much you can do about that. Although if asked, it could be she's living at your house for the lesbian sex. You have enough females there to make that plausible. I suspect it will come out at some point if she's a full time submissive. It's easier for me to hide because it's mostly the weekends and days off or vacation. If I dressed as a slave full time, I'm sure my story would get out as well. If it comes out, she'll have to tough it out. What's her rank?"

"Sergeant."

"Is she a good officer?"

"I think so. She said she made sergeant slightly younger than average age. We met her after Jack smashed the windows next door and shot up the house. She was the responding officer in charge. She was initially attracted to Lucia and I believe it was Lucia's slavery as well as her toughness which gave Rhonda permission to be submissive."

"I'd like to meet her."

"Lucia would like to come to LA to visit, if the doctor won't let her move back yet. It's my intent to let Rhonda bring Lucia next Friday and spend the weekend there. Brianna could take charge of her in my stead. I'd like you to show her your piercings. We're in a trial period of one month to see how it works out for everyone. If we decide to continue past the month, I'd like her pierced the way you are."

"I can do that."

"Speak to her. If you have any other recommendations for me regarding her job, text me. I'll make sure I incorporate your recommendations."

"No problem. I'll have to hear the story of how you acquired a sex slave."

"Thank you, Marcia."

"You're welcome. I'll tell everyone we'll be able to see Lucia this weekend. We're all excited as hell she got pregnant."

"We're happy for her, too."

******

The slaves were absent from the room when the delivery person came. We had to call Lucia and Rhonda when he left. They both had girl cum on their faces when they appeared. I told Rhonda to wash up. Once again, I fed my new slave, fondling her as I did so, requiring a kiss for each bit of food I gave her. I could tell she was getting more nervous as the time of her deflowering approached, yet it did nothing to dry her cunt; her pussy was soaking. She was getting my lap wet. I gave her two finger fuck orgasms to ease her tension.

The dishes were cleared and Rhonda's time was upon her. We went to our bedroom. Both men removed their clothes and both were quasi hard already.

"Masters," I announced. "This slave isn't on birth control, so whoever is in her cunt won't be able to go bareback and condoms will be provided." I handed each of them a foil wrapped package as they'd each be in her cunt once. "We need to prevent unwanted pregnancies. Slave, in addition to Chen fucking you, you'll be pleasuring his slave with your mouth. You may lie on your back and let Janet ride your face, or kneel up doggy style while she lies down in front of you. Since you're going to be fucked by her Master, she'll be placing his cock in your cunt. Since this is new to you, I suggest you concentrate on her cunt as you practiced last night. If you concentrate on her pleasure, you won't much need to concern yourself with what is happening to you. I remind you of your safe words, alpha to slow things down, omega to stop them. Your safe words are sacrosanct. If you use them, the Masters must stop. Lie down or kneel, slave."

Rhonda lay down, her legs apart, knees bent. A good choice as it would allow Master Chen and his slave to kiss each other as they fucked. Janet didn't need to suck Chen. His cock was rigid, so she rolled the condom over his pole and as he knelt in front of her pussy, Janet guided him in. There was no hymen to pop; toys had seen to that, but Rhonda would be feeling a live cock for the first time, warm and alive. She moaned as he slid in. After all, she was still wearing her plug and she was a tight fit. Then Janet mounted her face and future sounds from the new slave would be smothered in her cunt. 

As expected, Janet was cumming first. She was a slave, after all, and Rhonda knew her way around a pussy. Janet and her Master kissed as she orgasmed, enjoying each others pleasure. Rhonda climaxed next. She was used to her pussy being fucked by dildo's and having Janet's wet cunt on her mouth gave her something to take her mind off the cock in her cunt. 

Lucia and Lisa were excited, making out as they watched, their fingers in each other's cunts.

The condom was desensitizing, but Chen hadn't cum for several hours and he was ready. Still both slaves managed to cum twice more before Chen froze and we witnessed him releasing his load while firmly ensconced in Rhonda. Janet was off Rhonda's mouth in a flash and removing Chen's wrapper, sucking his cock clean. Rhonda was still vibrating, shivering at the pleasure she'd experienced.

I kissed her, stroking her breasts. "Live dick wasn't too bad, was it slave?" I whispered.

"No, but it helped Janet was there."

"And Lucia will be there to ease your transition to three hole slut," I said. "Lucia, if you'll lie on the bed, Rhonda will ride you in a sixty-nine. Please hold her ass cheeks apart for my Master to fuck her ass."

"Of course, Julia," Lucia said, lying down even as she spoke.

Rhonda nervously took her position over Lucia, knowing what was coming next. I'd done what I could to prepare her for the last day, having her wear a substantially sized plug most of the day. Her ass was cleansed and ready. I got the lube and spread it over his cock.

"Go gently, sir," I whispered.

"This is not the first ass I've fucked," Master said. "I know what I'm doing."

We let the two girls play awhile, letting each of them have an orgasm before Master started. As Rhonda's tremors died down, he pulled the plug from her ass and handed it to Lisa. I helped lubricate her puckered hole, still stretched from the plug, then guided Master's prick to the freshly oiled opening. Lucia was licking up a storm and Rhonda was climaxing even as Master pushed into her bottom. Very slowly, he entered all the way in. He let her cum again before he started moving beyond his original entry, then slowly thrust in and out. 

Rhonda was fiercely attacking Lucia's pussy, concentrating on Lucia's pleasure, so Rhonda's moans were muffled in her soft folds, but she was moaning, so it was a good sign. I was hoping she'd enjoy her anal deflowering so she would enjoy subsequent experiences when it was fucked. She had such a beautiful ass, I'm sure Master would enjoy taking it fairly frequently. 

As Master slid back and forth in her ass, Rhonda started having frequent orgasms; Lucia's deft tongue and Master's slow thrusting having the desired affect. Rhonda had three before Master emptied himself in her ass. When his prick withdrew, my tongue replaced it and I gently cleaned and soothed the stretched flesh, giving her another orgasm in the process.

I then made Rhonda clean Master's cock and get him hard again. She was pleasantly surprised to find him clean save for his creamy cum which she'd already tasted twice. In the process of his cleaning, Master grew hard again. I put a condom over his rampant prick and added a little lube.

"Lie down, Master and I'll help Rhonda mount you."

He lay down on the bed and I helped Rhonda mount his prick. She slid down his shaft until she was riding him. I kissed her.

"Fuck my Master good, slave," I ordered. 

Master held her beautiful buttocks, parting them for Master Chen, who Janet helped insert his hard cock into her bottom. Both men were seated deep inside her and she was stretched to the brink.

"Fuck," she moaned, "I'm so full. Will I ever return to normal?"

I laughed and kissed her again. "Yes, everything goes back to normal. You haven't heard Lisa or I squawk about how nothing works anymore."

Both men were holding still, letting Rhonda grow accustomed to their presence in her body. Eventually, she moved, sliding up over their cocks, then back down again. When she did it a second time, they took it as a sign she was ready and both men started fucking her, nice and slow. She was climaxing within seconds, both holes contracting over the cocks filling her. Both men had cum once already, so they'd be able to fuck her longer, and the condom on Master's cock reduced his sensitivity, so he'd go longer still before cumming again. Rhonda would be royally fucked before they were done. 

Rhonda climaxed four times before Chen climaxed in her ass, Janet sucking his cock clean when he withdrew. Master kept fucking and Rhonda kept cumming. It was another dozen minutes before Master groaned and drove deep into her and climaxed. She lay limply on top of him as his cock slowly shrank and plopped out. I removed his rubber and cleaned his cock, licking Rhonda a couple times as I did. She slowly stirred. 

"Not a bad fucking, is it, slave?" 

"No, Domina, not a bad fucking at all."

"Master, if you'll vacate the bed, Janet and I need to reward my slave for her service to you. I hope you enjoyed your experience."

"Very much," he replied, getting up. "She's very tight. I can hardly wait to fuck her without a condom."

"May I say," Chen said, "that you have a delightful ass as well."

"Thank you, Master Chen. I'm happy you enjoyed it," Rhonda said shyly. She'd gone from never having fucked any man before today to sucking Master three times and getting fucked twice in the ass and cunt. Certainly was a sea change for my little slave.

Janet and I got on the bed opposite each other and end over end with Rhonda. Janet took her bottom and I took her front and proceeded to reward Rhonda for her excellent service to our Masters. I had none of Master's cum to retrieve as he'd been wearing a rubber, but I had plenty of hers to clean up. Janet was digging in her bottom for her Master's cream. Being appreciative of her excellent service, we were happy to pleasure her. Being the good slave she was, she pleasured her Mistress. Watching us, both Master and Chen were hard again before we finished. Chen took Janet to their room for the night. I'm sure Chen was fucked again. It may not have been the greatest fucking of his life, but it had to be close. I told Master that Lisa should be fucked soundly as thanks for accepting another slave into our house. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 6|
--------------------------------------------
"Master, you'll love the taste of Rhonda's pussy. She's delicious. I'll spend the night with Lucia since Rhonda is working tonight, Master. Make sure my sister slave has trouble walking in the morning. I love you both."

"I love you, too," Master said. Lisa kissed me. I left the room and took Rhonda and Lucia back to the hot tub.

"You should soak a little before going to work," I said. "Your bottom will be sore after being fucked twice since you're unaccustomed to it. Did you enjoy your cocks, slave?"

"I did, more than I expected, given my sexual orientation. Thank you, Domina."

"Some wise people told me sexual orientation is more an emotional connection than a physical one. Anyone can make you cum if they work at it, but you're more emotionally invested in sex with the right person. As for slaves, we'll fuck anything because we need to fuck and can't get enough. There will be days when you'll welcome a nice cock shoving into your cunt. I tend to believe it's true. The reason I now believe I'm bisexual is because I emotionally enjoy fucking Lisa. It's no longer just physical pleasure I receive from her. We love each other. I thank you for your service to my Master and Master Chen. You did very well and I'm pleased you enjoyed it. Unfortunately, you forgot to ask for permission to cum. We'll deal with your disobedience tomorrow evening."

"Domina!" Rhonda complained.

Lucia laughed. "Poor slave. Already running afoul of the rules. You may have a harder time sitting tomorrow than you do tonight. You must have cum a half dozen times, at least."

"Twenty times by my count. Six hundred swats in my estimation. She may not sit down for a week."

"You never told me I had to ask permission, Domina. I was fucking them as a favor for you and Janet."

"Don't say I never told you. It was one of the first things I told you and one of the last things I told you before you agreed to become my slave. Since it was a favor, I'd have granted you permission to cum, if you'd asked. But you didn't ask. Every time you cum, slave. Your pleasure belongs to me now. You can't cum unless I say you can. Remember that. Your days of masturbating willy nilly are over as well. I own your cunt. It's time you learn."

"She's right, slave," Lucia said. "You even remembered to ask before we went to my room before supper."

"Might it be possible to get them one hundred at a time for the next six nights, Domina?" Rhonda pleaded. 

"We'll see," I said, leaning back in the water and closing my eyes. "Perhaps something can be worked out. That's assuming you don't earn any more. We'll see how quickly you learn to take Master down your throat. Spankings can be a powerful motivator in learning to deep throat. You and Lucia can play, slave, before you go to work."

"May I cum, Domina?" Rhonda asked.

"Yes you may, slave," I said, smiling. She was learning I owned her sex, slow though it may be.

It was very relaxing listening to the water slosh and the moans of two slaves. I was happy we'd turned the water temp down as I nearly went to sleep.

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 40|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-40|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<i>Two slaves receive welcome proposals. Rhonda begins slave training in earnest. This chapter contains oral sex, lesbian sex, interracial sex in addition for regular fucking. If those things offend you, you can pass on this. Like every other episode, STD's don't exist in this fantasy world.</i>

<b>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 40 - Life with a New Slave

JULIA</b>

My new slave left for work at eleven PM. Lucia and I went to bed. I held her close.

"The two pregnant ladies together." I kissed her, stroking a breast. "Lucia, I'm so happy for you. I'm going to let my slave take you to LA for the weekend. Your Mistress will be in charge. Whether or not she's allowed to cum on the trip will be up to her. I'm sure you'll enjoy seeing your Mistress again. Would you like some more orgasms, or have you had enough?"

"Definitely more. I'm so happy, it's hard to contain myself. Climaxing more may help me sleep."

"Done."

Lucia turned end over end and we parted legs for each other, losing ourselves in liquid pleasure, finally falling asleep thus, faces smeared, satisfied slaves.

******

Master woke me earlier than my alarm was set. He noted Lucia's and my relative positions respective to one another and the dried cum on our faces. 

Smiling, he whispered, "Did you have a good time last night?"

"Lucia is excited and couldn't fall asleep easily, sir. Do you need me to suck your cock or did Lisa take care of you already?"

"I'm still behind at work, so I'm going in early. I let Lisa sleep in. I'll wait until this evening for satisfaction. I just want you to tell Janet and Reneé to stay after work tonight and I'll give them their first paychecks. I'm going to pay something to Lucia, too. You and Lisa need to transfer funds in the equivalent amounts to my accounts. I'll text you the amounts later."

"Yes, Master."

He kissed my cum encrusted face and left. I went back to sleep.

I'd set my alarm for a little earlier than I needed to get up, so Lucia and I could pleasure each other before rising, so I was feeling good when I got up. I met Janet and Chen in the guest bathroom. Chen rubbed a hand over my burgeoning belly.

"How long before you'll feel the baby kick, Julia?" He asked.

"I'm unsure, Master Chen. I think after five months or so."

"Janet, would you like to have children with me?" Chen asked.

Janet knelt at the feet of her Master. "Nothing would give me more pleasure, sir."

"Of course, we'd have to get married first."

"Married, Master?"

"Of course, married. I'm an old fashioned guy. You get married before you have children."

"I'm your slave, sir," Janet said confused.

"Julia is Scott's slave. They're married. What difference if you're my slave? I doubt I would ever find anyone I love more than you, and who else would arrange for me to fuck another slave because they care for me so much? In a way, our bond is already greater than marriage."

Janet was speechless. 

"Say yes, slave," I nudged her ass with my foot. "Your Master asked you a question and it deserves an answer and if anything but 'yes' comes out of your mouth, I'll be very disappointed in you."

"Yes, Master." She hugged his knees, then started sucking his cock. 

I finished washing my face by the time his cock was hard. Lucia came in as Chen was thrusting into Janet's mouth. 

"They just got up," Lucia commented. "Couldn't they do this before they used the bathroom?"

"They probably did," I said, "but Chen just asked Janet to get married and have his children, so she got carried away."

"Well, that explains the enthusiasm," Lucia laughed. "You go, girl." She started washing her face.

"I have my own bathroom," I said. "We could give them a little privacy."

Lucia looked at them; Chen pumping into Janet's mouth. "Does it look like they care about privacy?" She continued washing.

"Not likely," I muttered under my breath, "but I'm not going to pee in front of them." 

There were limits after all. Apparently, I could fuck in front of anyone, but needed some privacy to relieve my bladder. I left the three of them and went to my own bathroom where I took care of my morning needs and showered. Lisa joined me in the shower, so we washed each other.

"We have another reason to celebrate," I said, washing her breasts with passion, Lisa washing mine with equal fervor.

"What's that?" Lisa asked.

"Chen just asked Janet to marry him and have children."

"That is a reason to celebrate," Lisa said, kissing me, rubbing her soapy breasts against mine. "Should we give her the day off? Maybe she needs to sign the closing paperwork as well."

"I doubt it. California is a community property state. What's his becomes hers." I kissed her some more, reaching for her sex. "Plus all the paperwork is in his name. It might take days to change it."

Lisa parted her legs for my hand and sought my own juncture. I moaned when she touched me. All conversation pretty much ceased at that point. We were squeaky clean when we left the shower.

"We all need to dress today," Lisa said as we dried off. "I have to go to closing with Chen and you have to wait for the furniture truck to arrive."

"What time is the closing?" 

"Ten, probably two to three hours of paperwork. I'm riding with Chen. Would you object to us stopping for lunch before we come back?"

"Not at all, sister slave. Master is preparing Janet's and Reneè's first paychecks. Their money comes out of our share. He'll text us the sums and we have to transfer money to his account."

"Let me know. I can do it electronically."

"While you're out, would you pick out a nice collar and cuffs for my slave so I might get my own back?"

"I can do that. Perhaps Chen and I will also stop at a jewelry store and look at wedding rings. I can help pick out something tasteful."

I laughed. "You do that. She started sucking his cock when he asked her. I wonder what she'll do when she gets the ring?"

"Clear the room and bar the gate," Lisa laughed.

We started to dress. Something sexy but modest enough for what we'd be doing today.

"Would you mind if we delayed our bonding ceremony until after I have the baby?" I asked.

"Why?"

"I don't want to be fat when we have the ceremony. I want to be thin again and naked for my Master when I kneel for him. I also want to be pierced and wearing his slave jewelry and I can't do that until I deliver."

"At Luigi's? We'd get arrested."

"I've been thinking we should accept Brianna's offer and have the ceremony there."

"Would we make all of our friends and family drive to Los Angeles?" Lisa asked. 

"No. We'd hire them limousines. One for our parents, one for our friends, or even a party bus for all of them. Get them hotel rooms for the night. Haul them back the next day."

"It would mean being nude in front of our parents again," Lisa said, thinking.

"We've fucked in front of them. We're slaves. How could it possibly make any difference at this point? You can't tell me any of them wouldn't enjoy being on an estate full of naked slaves."

"I have no objection, if Master doesn't," Lisa said. "I could see where it might be a lot of fun."

"We'll have to check with Mistress Brianna to see if we could have the ceremony as I envisage it."

"We have plenty of time if you want to wait until the baby's born."

"We'll sign all of our paperwork as soon as we've agreed on its contents. You shouldn't have to wait to enjoy all of the protections provided by the contracts and power of attorney. The ceremony is a separate issue." I kissed her. "I'm so happy, Lisa. I can't imagine being more happy than I am now, and you're a large part of my joy."

"Stop, or I shall want to fuck you again and we've got work to do."

I stopped kissing her. "Okay. I'll stop. Just want you to know how pleased I am with my life."

"As I am with mine," she whispered. "You're the best friend ever."

We went into the kitchen and breakfast was already being prepared. Even Chen was helping. Janet was naked. 

"You'll need to dress today, Janet. You, Lucia and Reneé will need to go to Mistress Dark's to finish up her bed frame. I estimate two more days work, so plan on going there tomorrow as well. Master will bring your paychecks home today, for your first two weeks work, so come back here. Lucia, Master is paying you something as well for your work."

"My help was to pay for my staying here, Julia. I don't expect to be paid."

"You paid for your stay by saving our lives at the risk of your own. There is no greater payment. Plus, you're the most skilled carpenter we had. You've earned every penny. To celebrate Janet's and Chen's engagement and their house warming and move in next door, we'd like to host a celebration in your honor. Prepare to be wined and dined tonight. Nothing as fancy as Chantelle can prepare, but it will be tasty. On your way home, Lucia, could you pick up a couple bottles of chilled champagne. Something elegant. We can't drink it but there's no reason for the others not to enjoy themselves."

"And your husband gave me a child. Your debt is more than paid," Lucia said. 

"And you saved mine. That debt will never be paid. Our home will always be open to you. Call Doctor Sturgis today and find out when she needs to see you again to confirm your pregnancy and when you'll be allowed to go home. I'm going to invite Reneé and Jerry to join us since he's now done with his classes."

Chen started making calls for his company out on the patio to avoid distractions and Reneé arrived for work. I told her she and Jerry were invited for supper and the reason. She was as excited as we'd been to find out out about Lucia's conception and Janet's news about Chen inviting her to live with him, then asking her to marry him.

"I leave you alone for a weekend and all this shit happens. Do you have any more news to report?"

Lisa laughed. "Oh, yes. Julia's gone off and gotten herself a new slave."

"Julia has a slave? Who?"

"Sergeant Rhonda Meadows," Lisa said. "It started as a one day thing after Julia made her cum while punishing her, but she surprised everyone by kneeling to Julia and begging for her collar. We talked it over and decided to give it a one month trial run. Rhonda took her first cock ever yesterday, all three holes. Master and Chen double teamed her yesterday after supper."

"Fuck, and I missed it."

"Don't worry," I said. "She'll be serving as a slave tonight. Expect to feel her tongue wriggling around in your juicy cunt while you're eating. She needs to be trained. If you have no objection, I'll use Jerry to help her learn how to deep throat cock. With Janet's permission, she can start on Chen. His is the smallest, a good one to start on."

"No problem by me," Reneé said. "You'll let her suck Chen, Janet?"

"I let him fuck her cunt and ass. This is nothing in comparison."

"Master will enjoy playing with another slave girl. He was admiring Rhonda in that slinky red dress she wore on Friday."

"Wait until he sees her naked ass," I said. "It's perfect, She looks like she could crack walnuts between her cheeks."

"Will my Master be able to fuck her?" Reneé asked.

"No, except for my Master, who is now her Master by proxy as he's mine; I told her last night was a one time deal. I won't violate my word to her."

"Too bad. Well, she is a lesbian, so I don't blame you for not turning her loose on the entire male population, still."

I sent the three workers away and around nine, Chen came back in the house and told Lisa they needed to go. I waited at the house. The first ones to arrive were Jerry with a full crew of Master's. He put the crew to work tearing out damaged drywall in all the rooms which had been damaged by gunfire, then asked to see Reneé. I told him she'd gone to work at Mistress Dark's as all the work we were doing was now piled up at her place. I told him he was invited for supper tonight and the reason.

"So Chen is tying the knot," he said. "I'm a little surprised, they just met a few weeks ago."

"Chen wants to have children and he believes in marriage before kids. They've already established a slave/Master connection. That's even more intense than marriage. They clearly have a deep connection."

"Do you think Reneé would marry me?" Jerry asked, thoughtful.

"Why wouldn't she?"

"I'm black and she's white. Would her family go along with it?"

"You mean as opposed to her being your sex slave and fucking and sucking your big black cock? What's marriage to that?"

"Well, they don't know about the sex slave stuff. They think we're dating, and haven't given us any trouble about it. I think they're happy she hasn't moved in with a girl, but marriage is different. It means kids, biracial kids. Some people have issues with it. My parents don't give me problems about dating a white girl, but even they might feel differently if I start talking marriage."

"Some people do, and I don't know about Reneé's parents. I've never met them, but if they're smart, they'd welcome you with open arms. You're a part owner of a successful business, intelligent, handsome and kind. You don't do drugs, you're not an alcoholic. You make Reneé happy. She should be so lucky to find anyone better than you. If you have questions about it, speak to her parents before you pop the question. If you're serious, Lisa intends to take Chen shopping for rings today after their closing. You could join them. Lisa will keep you from going astray in picking out a ring." 

He kissed me. "You're a smart lady. I think I'll take your advice." 

He went out on the patio to get out of the noise and started making phone calls. I got the text from Master notifying me how much money to transfer to pay Reneé, Janet and Lucia. They should be happy with the results of their work. I split the amount in half and told Lisa what her share was. Rhonda came home and she had two suitcases with her. She saw all the workers scurrying around the house and looked panicked. I helped her carry the suitcases upstairs and told her she didn't have to strip and don her slave gear until after the workers left. I told her to shower and sleep as best she could in Lucia's room. I hadn't known the workers were coming. 

The next to arrive was a delivery truck from Lowes. I wondered why until I saw the large shed Master purchased. It required some work to put it together, but apparently Master had anticipated this, because three men broke off the drywall duties and started putting it together behind the garage. When they finished, they removed all the supplies we still had sitting in Chen's and our garage and put it in the new shed. We'd still have to construct things in the basement, but we both got our garages back. It was made even better when they carried all of the old furniture and things from Lisa's house we'd never sold at garage sale and hauled it off to Goodwill in two of the work trucks.

I started some chili in the slow cooker at noon. It wasn't special, but there was plenty and I'd be busy all day without help. Jerry came into the house and gave me a thumbs up. Around 12:30, he left, leaving orders with the crew. At one, glass people came to measure for new windows and doors for the two houses and the foreman from the crew showed them the windows which had to be replaced. At two, the furniture truck showed up and they had both orders on the truck since the addresses were right next to each other. I opened Lisa's house, which was mostly empty of furniture and they started filling it up. Janet was right. The bed would be good for taming a slave, though Janet didn't require much taming. She was a natural submissive. 

They delivered to my house next, a new leather couch and chairs, new TV and stand, one of the beds upstairs with mattress, new furniture for our bedroom which would match our new bed frame, new dining room table and chairs and china cupboard. The dining room furniture hadn't needed replacing, but Master apparently felt it could use updating. It was sturdy enough for slaves to get fucked on it, and big enough for a lot of guests, seating ten. We'd have nine seated around it tonight. Better yet, they hauled the old furniture away. 

By five, everyone was gone. Rhonda came down, naked, collared and cuffed. She started work on a salad. Since everyone was gone, I got naked as well. Lisa and Chen arrived shortly after. Lisa handed me a bag. I looked inside. A lovely new collar and cuffs, all in white which I thought would look very good against Rhonda's skin.

"It smells good in here," Chen commented. 

"That would be Julia's chili," Lisa said, stripping off her clothes. 

They looked at the bare walls, stripped down to the studs. 

"It looks like you were busy," Chen said. 

"Master sent Jerry with a crew, unexpectedly. They'll be back tomorrow to replace drywall. Wednesday to plaster and Thursday to paint. I'm afraid I'm stuck here the rest of the week."

"We saw Jerry," Lisa said. "He didn't mention any of this. He had something else on his mind, apparently." She grinned at me. I was thinking two rings might be presented tonight.

"Your furniture has been delivered, Chen and your garage cleared out. You can take a look if you wish."

"I'll wait until Janet gets home so we can check it out together."

"I'll lend you some king size linens if you'd like to sleep there tonight," I said. "In fact, after our new mattress is delivered, you may have them all if you wish. We won't have a king size bed anymore."

"I'll happily accept the loan, but I wouldn't mind starting with fresh linens after. I'll send Janet to shop for some tomorrow after work."

Master was the next to arrive. "Good, they got a lot done today," he said, inspecting the work. "They delivered the shed today as well?"

"Yes. All of our supplies are in it, all the garage sale items went to Goodwill, the shot up furniture is gone and we're starting to get back to normal, Master," I replied. "Also, Master, we're celebrating several things tonight. I invited Chen and Jerry and their slaves to join us for supper tonight. Lucia is buying champagne. I didn't realize all the workers were coming today, so all I had time to make was chili, but we still have beer left from Saturday's dinner."

"What are we celebrating?" Master asked. 

"I'd hate to spoil the surprise, sir. Be assured it's worth celebrating."

The three slaves were the next to arrive. They started to strip, but I told Janet to stop.

"Why, Domina."

"I'm assuming you don't want to parade around the neighborhood naked. Your Master wanted you to go next door to inspect your new house. The furniture was delivered. Here are some sheets to put on the bed." I handed her a good set. "We'll be serving supper at seven in case you want to test out the new bed."

She kissed me. "Thank you, Domina." 

Chen and Janet left, hastily, I might add.

Lucia put three bottles of champagne in the fridge, Cristal, the good stuff. Chili and champagne; what a combination. I should have told her to buy beer. Good thing we still had beer if someone wanted beer instead.

Jerry arrived, and he wasn't in work clothes. He'd gone home to shower and change into a nice suit. Things were looking better and better.

We sat down precisely at seven, Chen and Janet not yet back. I understood their absence. Master popped the cork on the first bottle of champagne and poured glasses for everyone present. 

"I understand we're celebrating tonight. I'm unsure what we're celebrating, but here's to you, my friends and family. May your life and love be blessed," he said. Everyone took a sip.

"Oh my God, this is good stuff," Jerry said. "I've never had champagne this good. What is it?"

"Cristal," Lucia said. "My Mistress loves this stuff. Two fifty a bottle."

Master looked at me. "I told her to get good stuff. I didn't know how much good stuff went for," I said in answer to his sharp glance.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"Don't worry about it," Lucia said. "I'm paying for it with the money I've earned working for you. I have nothing else to spend it on."

"I don't want you to do that," Master said. "It's not my intention."

"It is mine, however, and since you're not my Master, tough shit."

We all laughed. I don't think anyone was willing to fight with Lucia about it, except possibly Rhonda.

I tapped my glass. "If I may please have your attention," I said. "My new slave will be going under the table and sexually gratifying the slaves present. She won't be doing the men yet. She needs to learn to suck cock properly and she'll be taking each of the men on after supper to learn how to deep throat nice hard pricks. The slaves have each agreed to their Masters enjoying the new slave, so have no concerns over that. Rhonda, I know you are a competent cunt licker. Start with my guests first, then Miss Lisa, and finally me. I will feed you when you're done. Get started."

Rhonda blushed, almost invisible on her dark skin, but she went under the table, starting with Reneé, the only one she hadn't tasted before. Chen and Janet both joined us before Reneé whimpered in orgasm,. When Janet stripped, I could see Chen's cum dripping down her legs, so Rhonda would get a special treat when she licked her. As the meal progressed, the slaves would get dreamy looks on their faces, moaning as they reached completion, then resume dining as if nothing had happened. Slaves cumming wasn't new to anyone here.

While Rhonda was licking Lucia, simply to distract her, I asked if she'd spoken to Doctor Sturgis.

"Not to her," Lucia panted, "but I got an appointment for Friday. They'll confirm my pregnancy and give me any special instructions."

Rhonda finished with Lisa and came to me. Before she could start licking my cunt, I stopped her.

"A slave should have her own collar and not wear her Domina's. Stand and display."

Rhonda was used to standing at attention and snapped to. The only difference being instead of her feet together, they were apart and she was naked and her fluids glistened on her open cunt. I removed Master's cuffs from her wrists and ankles and replaced them with my own. As I expected, the color looked wonderful against her dark skin. Then, to make her feel more a slave, fingered her to an orgasm in front of everyone. How she squirmed when she had it. Panting, I made her kneel and removed Master's collar from her neck and replaced it with mine. Lisa had gotten it engraved. It said 'Julia's Slave' and I told her what it said. While I was standing over her, having changed her collar, I had her lick me to climax openly instead of under the table, mashing my cunt in her face as I climaxed. While she remained kneeling with my cum on her face and the cum of every other woman there, I knelt at Master's feet so he could put his collar back on me. 

Properly collared again, I pulled her into my lap, and wiped the cum from her face before feeding her. She wasn't on orgasm restrictions herself, so I fingered her to a single climax when she was fed. She moaned so prettily for her audience as she orgasmed. Master gave the three ladies their first paychecks. They tucked them away without even looking. 

At eight-thirty, we pushed back from the table and all the slaves cleaned up while their Masters sipped more champagne in the living room scattered amongst the new furniture.

We joined them, Lucia and Lisa sitting beside Master and each of the slaves sitting with their respective Masters. Rhonda was sitting in my lap again and I was idly stroking her breasts or pussy to keep her on edge. Chen got things started.

"Janet, I asked you haphazardly this morning and perhaps you didn't realize how serious I was when I asked. I got you this," he pulled a box from his pocket, "and I'm formally asking you now. Will you marry me?"

Janet didn't even look at the ring. She threw her arms around Chen's neck. "Yes, Master. I'll marry you. I'll have your children. I love you so much, you can't even know how much. You've made me so happy. I would do anything for you, anything. Thank you." She kissed him at least a dozen times, before he pulled back.

"Aren't you even going to look at your engagement ring?" Chen asked.

"It could be an iron slave ring and I wouldn't care. Yes, yes, yes, I'll marry you."

"It would make me happy if you'd at least look," Chen said, pushing the box into her hand.

"If it makes you happy, Master."

Janet opened the box. It had to be a least a carat and a half, flawless white, marquis cut. She gasped, speechless, then rained another dozen kisses upon her Master.

"That's for your left ring finger. This is for your right," Chen said, pulling another box from his pocket. 

Janet looked at him in surprise. "What's this?" She asked. 

"Open it and see," Chen said.

The box was definitely bigger, way bigger than a ring required. Janet opened the box. I was as eager to see it as she was. Inside was a plain gold band, with her name engraved on it, slave chained to a plain gold bangle bracelet with Chen's name on it. It was perfect. Chen slipped the gold ring over her right ring finger and placed the bracelet around her wrist. 

"My slave forever," he said, locking it down.

"Fuck me," she said. "Fuck me now. Let everyone witness your slave surrendering to her Master." 

She pulled at his zipper, releasing his cock, kneeling in front of him and sucking him to full hardness, then bending over the arm of the sofa. 

"Fuck your slave, Master. Own me. Fill me with your cum and make me yours forever."

Chen didn't need to be told twice. He pushed into his slave and fucked her hard, making her cum several times in the first couple minutes.

It was incredible. I had to finger Rhonda to another orgasm before pushing her to the floor so she could lick me. Both Lisa and Lucia were sucking Master's cock. Good for Lucia, though it was Lisa who took his load. Reneé was deep throating Jerry, his dick buried in her throat, bulging from the thickness.

"Look at Reneé, slave. That cock will soon be choking you."

"He might be bigger than Master," Rhonda said.

I said, "As long but slightly thicker, but you'll be able to take him all. You'll be trained. He's not the thickest of Master's friends, Ed and Rob are fatter yet. You'll meet them on Poker night. Fortunately, they're not as long. You'll learn to suck them all." 

Chen climaxed in Janet, groaning his pleasure as he exploded in her cunt. He pulled out of her and Janet dropped to her knees to clean him off. Jerry pumped his cum into Reneé's mouth at the same time. Finishing, he pulled out.

"Well," Jerry said. "That was quite the proposal and acceptance. I have no way to compete with it as we can all tell from our reaction. Chen did it better than I ever could. I know this is usually supposed to go with me kneeling, but you're the slave and I'd like you to kneel."

You would not believe the expression on Reneé's face at that moment. A look of such pure longing and joy, it was awe-inspiring to behold. Tears started to form in her eyes, spilling down as she knelt naked at her Master's feet. Jerry pulled out a small box. He showed her the ring, an emerald cut diamond ring with channel mounted black sapphires on either side. It reminded me of them, Reneé and Jerry, white diamond and black sapphires. 

"Listen, I'm just going to throw it out there. Reneé, I spoke to your parents and asked them if I had permission to marry you. Both your parents were on board. Would you do me the very great honor of marrying me and making me the happiest man alive?"

"Master," Reneé said, sobbing openly now, "I would have been happy to remain nothing but your sex slave for the rest of my life. It made me complete. To imagine you wish to marry me as well is more than I could have imagined. I will happily, entirely and completely wed you and do all I can to ensure your happiness, as it's also mine." 

He took her left hand and placed the engagement ring on it. 

"I'll admit the next bit is entirely someone else's doing. If Chen was a real man, he'd admit it too. It was Lisa's idea to get the slave piece for your right finger and wrist. But it was a great idea and we both jumped at the chance to show you how permanent our relationship is. Reneé, I've enjoyed the past couple months with you beyond measure. You make every day something special, something miraculous, and the day you showed up in my life was the best day I've ever had. I cherish you above all things, and I hope you feel the same. Please accept this token which not only shows my bond to you, but the way you've chained my heart." 

He opened a similar box to the one Chen had and slipped the ring over her right ring finger and locked the bracelet around her wrist. They were similarly engraved. Her name on the ring, Jerry's on the bracelet. Reneé pulled him to the floor and latched onto him like she was drowning. She didn't say a word, but if kisses were words, she had a thousand of them.

I looked at Lisa. "You did well, Lisa. Master is going to really need to step up his game if he hopes to compete."

"Wait! This is a competition?" Master said.

"Of course, sir. Everything is a competition. If you can't be this romantic when we have our bonding ceremony; we may have to look for a different Master. I think we need to crack that last bottle of Cristal before Rhonda starts sucking cock."

"Well, they had Lisa's help," he complained. "They never would have thought of it on their own."

"Don't worry, sir. You can ask for help if you need it. Perhaps Reneé or Janet can tell you how to sweep a girl off her feet. I'm sure Lucia might have some ideas. You might even want to talk to your ex-girlfriend, Zoe or your new friend, Dawn. I'm sure she might have some ideas for romance."

Lucia got up and opened the last bottle, pouring some for everyone but me and herself. 

"To slaves and their Dominants, whoever they may be," I said, raising a glass of water. A poor substitute for Cristal but one has to make allowances.

"To slaves," the Dominants said, including me.

"To Dominants," the slaves replied, including me.

"May they all die in bed happily fucking," I added.

"To fucking," they repeated. "Amen," Jerry said.

We all laughed.

"Gentlemen, would you please give your slaves about fifteen minutes to prepare the new slave. She needs instruction on cock sucking in the worst way, never having touched one before yesterday. Have another drink or whatever, then you may enter the bedroom with your clothes off. Since Rhonda is new to this cock sucking stuff, we'd like to work her way up from least to most, so Chen, you'll be starting. Consider this another reward for being an excellent Master. Despite or maybe because of your brilliant proposal, your slave wishes to see you break in this new girl's throat."

We all took Rhonda's hands and led her into the bedroom. While they secured her hands and feet, tying her to the bed with her head hanging over the edge, I explained how this was going to work.

"Since you're going to have cocks in your mouth and may not be able to speak your safe words, you'll be given hand signals instead. Make a circle with your thumb and forefinger with one hand to say alpha and with two hands to say omega. Lucia will specifically be watching for your hand signals. Show me now how you do that."

Rhonda curled her thumb and finger in both hands. "That's omega. Show me alpha." She showed me the signal on one hand. 

"The hardest part of taking all of a cock down your throat is getting past the gag reflex. It's not that we don't have gag reflexes; we've just learned to overcome them." 

I told her the secret of swallowing when she got close to gagging, which Lucia confirmed. "Swallow as frequently as you need to, Rhonda, to get the cock down. No one will try to choke you. They'll pull out before you smother. No one wants to kill a police officer," she said. "It takes practice, but it's a relatively simple process to learn, much easier than a one arm bar take down against a resistant offender. Breathe and swallow, breathe and swallow. You'll develop a rhythm." 

"To make it easier for you," I said, "the slave or slaves of the Master you're sucking, will be licking your cunt. Like accepting punishment, orgasms make it more enjoyable. Your head is over the edge of the bed like this because it creates a straighter line from your lips to your throat; easier to swallow a larger cock. After you've sucked all three men, you may spend the rest of the evening until work with Lucia. Since there are going to be workers here tomorrow banging around, you may go home to sleep after work and come in the evening for supper and further slave training. Do you have any questions?"

"No, Domina, but I'm a little scared."

"It's okay to be scared. Being a sex slave can be a scary thing. Surrendering to someone else's will is a scary thing, which is why it's so important to find the right Dominant. One who will love and cherish you with all their heart. In the end, you should find it enjoyable. If you don't, you'll know being a sex slave is not for you. As you could tell, both Janet and Reneé are enjoying their slavery a great deal."

"Do you think you'll love me and cherish me with all your heart, Domina?"

"I'm unsure at this time, slave. I have so many others to think of in my life at this moment; my Master, my sister slave, my child. I may be a way station for you, a transition from the person you were to the person you're meant to become. Or you might become a permanent part of my family. In the long run, you may desire a Mistress who is not herself a slave to a Master, where you would not be subjected to so much cock. I think Master was wise in suggesting a 30 day trial. It's a big step for all of us. At this time, I can only promise I will never do anything to hurt you."

There was a knock on the door and the three men entered. While none of them were as hard as I've seen them in the past, all had some extra blood flowing to their groin. 

Lucia whispered, "Breathe, swallow, breathe, swallow. Remember your safety signal," then she stepped back where she could watch.

"Janet, since your Master will be starting, why don't you start licking Rhonda," I suggested. "Slave, you have permission to cum as often as you want."

Janet complied at once, diving between Rhonda's long legs. Chen moved forward and touched the tip of his cock to Rhonda's lips. They parted for him and he slowly inserted more and more of his cock into her mouth. Eventually, he reached her throat. Initially, Rhonda gagged, and Chen withdrew slightly, before pushing forward again. I knelt down by her head.

"Breathe as he's going in, now swallow, good, swallow again. More of his cock is going in, swallow. He's coming out now, take a couple deep breaths. He's going back in, swallow, good girl, swallow again. You got more of his cock in you than last time. He's backing out, nice and slow, a couple deep breaths. You're doing so well, slave. You'll be sucking all of him in no time."

Janet was making Rhonda cum and it seemed to help her throat open for Chen. He seemed to get deeper as she climaxed.

I kept encouraging her and on about the tenth or eleventh try, she got all of his cock in her, his ball sack dangling in her face. "That's it, slave, you have all of his dick down your throat. Good girl. Just keep that up until he cums. You need to swallow it all. Make me proud, slave."

Chen had cum in his slave earlier and had sufficient stamina to go for almost ten minutes before her drove deep and released. I'm not sure she could even taste his cum, so much of it bypassed her tongue. It was only as he started to withdraw she might have tasted him.

"Suck his cock clean as he pulls out of your mouth, slave. Clean up after yourself. Don't leave it for someone else to do."

Rhonda was very good at following instructions and did as she was told. I think she'd cum three times as Janet pleasured her. Master was next. His cock was hard now. The show had ensured that.

"Lisa, please start licking Rhonda. Master's cock will be more difficult, slave, but the process is the same. Breathe, swallow, develop a rhythm. You can take him just as you took Chen. Soon, it will become second nature, as easy as licking a cunt." 

I played with Rhonda's breasts and her nipples while Lisa took care of her nether regions. Rhonda orgasmed before Master got his cock even halfway into her mouth. I'd pause on my ministrations to her breasts every time I thought she needed encouragement, but she did find a good rhythm with Master's thrusts which he tried to keep nice and even, not letting his cock remain in her throat too long. She never had a chance to panic. Master lasted about ten minutes before he let loose. I think Rhonda orgasmed four times, though I admit I wasn't paying as much attention to her pleasure as I was to her breathing. His cock wasn't all the way in, so he coated her tonsils with his cream and she could taste more of him. He pulled out to the front of her mouth so she could collect the last few drops on her tongue.

"Would you like a drink of water before Master Jerry starts?" I asked.

"Please, Domina," she said, somewhat raspy, her voice hoarse.

I got a glass of water from the bathroom and lifted her head so she could take a few sips. Her arms being tied limited her mobility, but she was able to swallow about half the glass.

"You've done very well, slave. I'm so proud of you. Master Jerry is a little thicker, but you'll get him down as you did all the others. Reneé, please start licking Rhonda's cunt."

Jerry waited until Reneé started, then he approached Rhonda, the purple black head looming large. Rhonda stretched her lips wide and Jerry slipped between them. Jerry, bless his heart, went slow, giving Rhonda lots of time to get used to his thickness. She'd grab some deep breaths and his cock would fill her mouth for fifteen or twenty seconds, then he'd back up, letting Rhonda grab more air, before he pushed deeper. It had to be five minutes before she had all of him in her throat. I wanted to help speed up the process for Rhonda, since this was her third cock and Jerry was impressively sized. I thought I might massage his sack to push him along, but I thought Master might not have a good reaction to me fondling his balls, and Reneé was busy licking Rhonda. Lisa was out for the same reason I was.

"Lucia, would it be okay with you if you fondled Master Jerry's balls?" I asked. "Rhonda might appreciate it."

Lucia looked at Rhonda's lips, stretched wide for Jerry's prick and her throat swelling each time he bottomed out in her mouth. 

"Yes, I can help," she said. "Keep an eye out for her safety sign."

So Lucia fondled and caressed his sack, a savior once again. Jerry still went for ten minutes, but who knew how long he would have gone without the extra encouragement. Jerry was deep in her throat when he started to empty out, but he pulled out far enough Rhonda could breathe before her finished spewing his seed. It seemed quite voluminous. I wondered if Reneé could live on the protein of his cum alone. Rhonda sucked him clean as he pulled out of her mouth. I kissed her tasting some of Jerry's cum.

"I'm so proud of you, slave. You've gone from a relative neophyte to three hole slut. You're excellent slave material and you've done so well." I started untying her, as did Lisa on her legs. "Go with Lucia and relax as you wish before you need to go to work. I'll see you at supper time tomorrow." I kissed her again, lingering a little, showing my appreciation. She was loose now, so I patted her magnificent butt. "Go on. You're free to go."

Lucia took her hand and led her to her room.

We said goodbye to the others. Chen and Janet only had to go next door, although Chen would need to move a lot more of his things before he was fully moved in. Janet had things to move too. It would be easier getting out of her lease now Chen had proposed and she was sporting a big rock. She could probably get away with a months notice without penalty, though if she spent any time there at all other than to get her things, I'd be surprised. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
I suspected Jerry would be fucked royally before he got to sleep again. Reneé hadn't gotten the opportunity to show how happy she was to be proposed to. Slaves liked to show their appreciation with a good fucking. I was sure Jerry was capable of manning up and pleasing his slave. I went with Master and Lisa to our bedroom and I showed my appreciation with a good fucking. After all, I'd had nothing but pussy for the last two days and I was more than happy to have a nice cock punishing my cunt.

We were relaxing together afterward. Master said, "You wanted to fondle Jerry's balls, didn't you?"

"Yes, sir," I admitted. "It was Rhonda's third cock of the night and the largest. I thought I'd like to speed him up some and give Rhonda relief. She'll probably be hoarse as it is."

"You didn't want to fondle them for yourself?"

"No, Master. If I wanted to fondle them myself, I wouldn't have asked Lucia to do it, despite her lesbianism. I wouldn't do that to you."

"I'm not suggesting you would do something like that, I'm suggesting you might have wanted to. It's okay. I wanted Rhonda to suck me. I like to look at naked women. You've never given me a hard time for enjoying the sight of a pretty woman. You give me everything I could want or need, including other slaves to fuck. I don't fault you for thinking about other men sometimes. I suspect it's natural. If you wanted to hold his ball sack, I don't believe I'd have a problem with it. Not in the context in which it happened tonight anyway."

"And where would it cross the line, Master? It's okay if I grab his balls if he's fucking some other slave, but not if he's fucking Lisa or myself. If I help him across the line to ease Rhonda's burden it's okay, but to just touch them for the hell of it is a no-no. What I want and what I need are vastly different, and what you might think is okay in one context would piss you off in another. I'd rather not take the chance. If his balls need caressing, I'd prefer someone else do it, no matter if you think you'd be okay with it. I'm happy with my life and don't want to jeopardize it to squeeze another man's balls for five minutes, whether you'd have a problem or not. It's not worth it to me. I have all the hairy balls I need." I squeezed his. "Right here."

"I get your point. I just want you to know I don't want to be so rigid regarding your sexuality since you're so gracious regarding mine."

"If I want to fuck someone else, I'll tell you and you can decide, otherwise, I'm assuming it's off limits."

He laughed. "Fine by me."

I turned over and went to sleep. I couldn't cuddle Lisa because she'd left to spend the night with Lucia after Rhonda left. I was a little upset with Master right now, though I wasn't entirely sure why. It seemed he was trying to be nice, but I didn't want nice right now, I wanted certainty. Playing around with other men didn't lead to certainty except certainty of trouble. I'd had enough trouble recently. I didn't need to make more.

******

SCOTT

The last couple days had been amazing. Rhonda was a beautiful woman and to share her body with Chen last night and to experience her entire throat tonight, extraordinary. To think Julia had discovered she was a submissive surprising, considering Rhonda struck me as hard core badass to the bone. Not only had she discovered it, she was now sharing her new slave with me. It was an understatement to describe my life as wonderful. To think my wife had no problems sharing me with all the other women she was willingly letting me fuck, indescribable. From Lisa, who was now part of our triumvirate, to Zoe and Dawn, and now Rhonda. It made me feel like a piker, that I couldn't be as generous as she was.

It was when Jerry was fucking Rhonda's mouth that I realized how carefully she was stepping around my feelings. Rhonda had already taken care of two of us and Jerry's prick was making her throat bulge each time he slid in. Julia was staring at their union like she wished she could do something about it. She looked at his balls resting on her face and I was struck with the impression she wanted to caress them to speed up the process. She looked at me, realized I might not react fondly to her stroking Jerry's sack. Looked at Lisa, realizing she wasn't a better option as far as I was concerned, then asked Lucia to do it. Lucia, who'd done so much already, even to sucking my cock after Chen's marriage proposal. 

I thought about it. Would it be that bad if Julia had fondled his balls instead of asking Lucia to do it? They'd fucked. I'd watched, even participating once. I wasn't ecstatic when they did, willing to surrender my Master status rather than see my slaves serve other men, but would it be so bad if she did some small acts like this considering all she was doing for me. She'd been watching me fuck other women almost every day since Lisa joined us, without the slightest word of complaint. In fact, all of the slaves were willing to share their Masters, more than we were ever willing to share them. Other women, yeah; other men, not so much.

The three of us had sex after Rhonda's oral training. Julia seemed eager to fuck, having gone without cock for the last two days. Lisa had to get up when Rhonda left to spend the night with Lucia. Julia and I were relaxing afterward, falling asleep.

"You wanted to fondle Jerry's balls, didn't you?" I asked wondering how she'd respond.

She was direct and honest. "Yes, sir. It was Rhonda's third cock of the night and the largest. I thought I'd like to speed him up some and give Rhonda relief. She'll probably be hoarse as it is."

"You didn't want to fondle them for yourself?" I asked. How much did she miss fucking other men?

"No, Master. If I wanted to fondle them myself, I wouldn't have asked Lucia to do it, despite her lesbianism. I wouldn't do that to you."

Honest enough. I tried to be diplomatic. "I'm not suggesting you would do something like that, I'm suggesting you might have wanted to. It's okay. I wanted Rhonda to suck me. I like to look at naked women. You've never given me a hard time for enjoying the sight of a pretty woman. You give me everything I could want or need, including other slaves to fuck. I don't fault you for thinking about other men sometimes. I suspect it's natural. If you wanted to hold his ball sack, I don't believe I'd have a problem with it. Not in the context in which it happened tonight anyway."

She seemed to bow up a little. "And where would it cross the line, Master? It's okay if I grab his balls if he's fucking some other slave, but not if he's fucking Lisa or myself. If I help him across the line to ease Rhonda's burden it's okay, but to just touch them for the hell of it is a no-no. What I want and what I need are vastly different, and what you might think is okay in one context would piss you off in another. I'd rather not take the chance. If his balls need caressing, I'd prefer someone else do it, no matter if you think you'd be okay with it. I'm happy with my life and don't want to jeopardize it to squeeze another man's balls for five minutes, whether you'd have a problem or not. It's not worth it to me. I have all the hairy balls I need." She squeezed mine. "Right here."

I caught her drift. It's one thing to say it's okay in one set of circumstances, but when do circumstances change? How would she ever know. But I remembered her generosity and my own lack of it. I tried to clarify my position.

"I get your point. I just want you to know I don't want to be so rigid regarding your sexuality since you're so gracious regarding mine."

She dropped a monkey wrench in the discussion. "If I want to fuck someone else, I'll tell you and you can decide, otherwise, I'm assuming it's off limits."

I tried to laugh it off. Did she want to fuck someone else? I was suggesting she could go further. "Fine by me." 

She curled up and went to sleep. She seemed angry, and all I was trying to do is be more generous towards her, but maybe I couldn't be that generous and she knew it.

******

The next couple days settled into a sort of regular pattern. I'd get up, whichever slave was sharing my bed would take care of me orally. I'd go to work, returning to four slaves working on supper. The house was getting fixed. Julia stayed home to monitor the work and let them in and out. Lisa and Lucia were going to work at Mistress Dark's. They finished her bed, but we'd offered it for free for her assistance, so they didn't get paid. They still had two pieces of bondage furniture they were working on and Lisa reported it was going quickly. Everyone was getting up to speed on carpentry skills. Rhonda would come to the house after she slept at her apartment, don her slave accoutrements and shed her clothes. 

I'd come home, everyone freshly showered. Julia would have her slave give me a blow job, telling her she needed to practice more before the poker game. She got better each time. Then would come additional slave training. On Tuesday, she made Rhonda masturbate for all of us until she'd cum three times. Rhonda was clearly embarrassed to do so. Julia rode my cock as she masturbated for us. Lucia and Lisa played with each other. When I climaxed in Julia's cunt, she made her slave clean my cum from her pussy. She also had me give her a hundred swats on her ass with my hand and the Enforcer because she'd cum without permission during her double penetration. When I got hard during her spanking, Julia had me lie on the bed and Rhonda got in a sixty-nine with me and I got my first taste of her delicious twat. I was happy I made her cum twice even as she swallowed my third load tonight.

Wednesday, our new mattress got delivered. We celebrated by stringing Rhonda up and she received thirty strokes from my hand, thirty more with the Enforcer administered by Lisa, and forty with the whip by Julia, front and back. Rhonda climaxed once during her spanking, once more under the paddle and twice while whipped. Julia let Lucia fuck her with the strapless after, then we all took advantage of the huge mattress and Rhonda sucked me dry again, Julia kissing her and sharing my cum when I finished.

Thursday was the poker game, nominally at our house. They'd repainted the repair work today and the house stunk of fresh paint, so I asked for Chen's permission to hold the game next door. He had no problem with it since I provided the food, liquor and labor. The entire gang was there and except for Lisa and Regina, who were playing, all the other women were naked, including Chen's and Jerry's. All of them were off limits with the exception of Rhonda.

Julia introduced her. "Ladies and gentlemen, it's been awhile since you've enjoyed the benefits of a naked slave serving your needs when you win. Rhonda is my slave, serving as a white silk girl, and she's still learning. I expect each of you to respect her privacy and not discuss what happens here tonight as you respected mine or Lisa's when we were made to serve. The winner of each hand will receive two minutes of oral gratification. After the game, you will bid for her services for fifteen minutes or orgasm, whichever comes last, proceeds to go to the American Red Cross, my old charity. The same rules apply as to any white silk, you may use her mouth only, though you can also lick and suck her tits. No penetration below the waist. Rhonda is a former lesbian who hadn't experienced a cock before last Sunday, so go easily when you fuck her mouth, especially you two, Ed and Rob. I don't want you dislocating her jaw.

"Rhonda, you might as well go below the table now, and expect to stay there except for a brief break at the midway point. I'll give you a glass of water if you need to wash someone's cum down. Lucia will keep track of your two minutes of service. The rest of us will be serving food and beverages to the players."

I think Rhonda was happy to see two women were playing in addition to the five men. Regina played with more interest than I'd seen for awhile. Before the night was over, Rhonda had made everyone cum once, but Regina climaxed five times over the course of the evening. She easily outbid everyone for Rhonda's fifteen minutes.

"Julia," Regina asked after her winning bid, "would you or this slave have any objection to my dining on her as she's satisfying me. I've never tasted a black woman before and I'd like to see if there's a difference between her and the other slaves I've tasted?"

Julia asked Rhonda if she had a problem with it and Rhonda, of course, did not. So we watched as Regina and Rhonda pleasured one another for fifteen minutes, both of them cumming fairly often, though Regina had double the orgasms Rhonda did. Rhonda was a lesbian pro and Regina was a pussy neophyte. Both of them rose with cum around their lips. 

"Did you find she tasted any differently, Regina?" Julia asked. 

"She tasted damn good, though I couldn't swear it's because she's black. Take me home, boys, I need a good fucking."

Regina left on the arms of her two studs. Jerry left with them, along with his own slave. My slaves donned their clothing for the quick trip across the two driveways.

"What's her story, Domina?" Rhonda asked after they left.

"Regina was married to another poker player who also turned out to be submissive. He's currently serving a woman Dominant because Regina didn't want a submissive. Both Edward and Robert moved in with her. I guess you'd say she's in a reverse harem relationship with both of them. The two men share her."

"Like you and Lisa share Master, Domina?"

"I don't believe it's strictly like us. The two men are obviously brothers and I don't think they fuck each other. They just share her. She keeps them both satisfied."

"You were right about their cocks, Domina. My jaw aches from sucking them. I wonder how she does it?"

"She's used to them and can use two other holes to keep them satisfied. You're done for the night. You can shower and go to work. Tomorrow, you're to pick up Lucia and take her to LA. Her Mistress, Brianna Worth, will be your dominant while you're gone. Brianna will determine whether you're allowed to cum so I expect you to be good to her or you may do without cumming all weekend. The deputy sheriff who's also a part time submissive lives there. I want you to talk to her about your submission. She may be able to give you pointers which you can use to keep your submission secret. You can share them with me. I specifically want you to inspect her slave jewelry. If we continue past our thirty day trial, I'm thinking of piercing you like she's pierced. We'll commence your training again on Monday night. Your cocksucking went well tonight. I probably won't use you again for next Thursday's game. You're dismissed."

"Thank you, Domina."

I got to spend the whole weekend with my two slaves and only my two slaves. It was a refreshing change of pace.

******

JULIA

I took Rhonda to her doctor appointment Friday. Master's workers were finished with the inside of the house, but they were working on the outside. They didn't need to get in the house, so I could leave. We went to the doctor's office. We went to the doctor's office. The doctor was apparently running late due to an emergency. We had to wait for an extra hour and Lucia started getting nervous, but we were finally shown to one of the visit rooms.

Doctor Sturgis came in, huffing a little from hurrying from whatever emergency she'd been handling. She glanced at the form Lucia had filled out on arriving.

"Pregnant? Who? Where? When?"

"I think when you accepted me, doctor. I was at the tail end of my anticipated fertility period. You said you wanted to wait until the next one started. Julia's husband, Scott had sex with me, twice. It would be my guess that's when and where it occurred. It would also answer the who, Doctor."

"You had sex with Julia's husband?"

I interrupted. "My husband was going to supply the sperm for her pregnancy anyway, since her only other sperm donor lives in Los Angeles. I simply thought he might as well go for the gusto, so's to speak. I imagine we were just lucky enough it attached to a smoother area of her uterus like the one you planned to implant on."

"But she had sex with your husband!"

"Doctor Sturgis, did you see the news reports about the death of our rapist?"

"I saw a little of it, yes."

"The reports were not detailed. They didn't really address how Jack died. Lucia killed him. Ever since she arrived here, she's been our guardian angel, protecting us. Jack had a gun on me, pointed at my stomach, threatening to kill me and my child. At the risk of her own life, Lucia waited for us to show up and for him to point a gun at her. She saved me, doctor, my life, and the life of my family. If you think I care one iota how my husband's sperm entered her womb, I don't. I'd gladly lick her pussy right now in front of you for all she's done for me. You know I have an unconventional relationship. I already share my husband with another woman. I'd share him a hundred times over to repay this woman."

Doctor Sturgis nodded thoughtfully.

"Lucia's child, while technically my husband's child, will be raised by others, the woman who's paying Lucia's medical bills is nominally the father, and it will be reflected on the birth certificate. We want to confirm her pregnancy, find out what special precautions Lucia needs to make for the successful delivery of her child. Does she need to stay here or can she return to LA? These are the important questions, not how she got pregnant."

"What's your exercise regimen now?"

"Mostly martial arts, Doctor, some swimming."

"You'll have give up the martial arts. The swimming is okay, but I want low impact exercise, nothing which exerts pressure on your uterus, maybe yoga early on, cycling, walking. I can give the names of some good OB's in LA that can keep an eye on your pregnancy, but I should see you once every couple months, you know, provided our tests today confirm the baby, but the home kits are pretty accurate now."

"Thank you so much, Doctor Sturgis. You were a big help to me."

"I don't feel I did much. It just happened. If I had a nickel for every time a woman got pregnant just as we were supposed to start treatment, I'd be retired by now."

I held Lucia's hands in mine. "You hear, Lucia? You'll be able to go home."

"I may still need to come here if I need any more children, won't I, Doctor?"

"Perhaps. It may be the pregnancy helps with the scarring. We'll have to see after you deliver. Obviously, I'll see you if you start having any problems before your next appointment."

"Will I be delivering here or in LA?" Lucia asked.

"If you're not having pregnancy complications, you can deliver in Los Angeles. I'll need to see you after delivery to check what's happened to your sexual organs after the birth. I'm hoping the stretching reduces the scarring but I need to inspect.

"I'll miss you," Lucia said to me. "You've been very kind to me." 

"No more than you deserve, but we'll still get to see you every couple months, make sure you're doing okay. We'll always have a connection through your child. You don't expect us to forget Scott fathered the little rug rat, do you?" I said, laughing. 

It was another hour before we got out of there. The tests they ran confirmed Lucia's pregnancy. They set her next appointment. On the way home, I stopped to pick up a parting gift for Lucia; a picture frame, leaving her in the car so she wouldn't know what I'd gotten for her. I intended to have Rhonda take a picture of the four of us, print it out, frame it and give it to her. 

Lisa was still working at Mistress Dark's with Reneé and Janet when we got home. It would be 5:30 before they returned. Janet was riding with Lisa now they'd moved in next door. I helped Lucia pack all her belongings. She informed her Mistress she'd be able to stay and wouldn't have to come back again at the end of the weekend.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"You'll need to tell me how my slave does this weekend, Lucia. I'll ask her myself, but I'll want to hear from you, too. Send me an email."

"Of course."

We prepared supper together, a traditional meal from Lucia's home. They would have to eat before they left. Rhonda arrived first, followed by the other slaves. They all stripped as soon as they arrived, Rhonda donning her collar when she came through the door. Master and Chen came home soon after. I told everyone the doctor confirmed Lucia was pregnant and could go home. Everyone said goodbye to her, hugging her closely. It wasn't just my life she'd saved, but possibly Lisa's, Janet's and Reneé's as well when she sent them all out of the garage.

Rhonda took the picture of Master, still dressed from work with three naked slave girls. I was obviously pregnant. The photo showed clearly what everyone knew. Lucia didn't show. She was still in fighting trim, also carrying Master's child. Lisa had no child for the moment, but she would at some time in the future, Master's child. The three concubines who would bear his children. I printed out an 8x10 photo and put it in the frame. I'd give it to her just before she went home. Chen, Janet and Reneé all left, going to their own respective homes. Master fed Lucia, in honor of her last night. I had Rhonda lick Lucia to orgasm after she sucked Master's cock. I told her she had to leave Lucia's cum on her face until they arrived in LA. 

Rhonda was told to remember what happened this trip and to tell me on Sunday night before she went to work. We all kissed Lucia goodbye, wishing her well before Master packed her bags in Rhonda's car. She was crying before she left. 

"Remember, if you ever need anything, counseling or whatever," Master said, "we're here for you. I'll never be able to thank you enough."

"You gave me a child, Master Scott. I'd given up hope. Words cannot express my gratitude."

"Karma, Lucia. A life earned for lives saved." He hugged her one last time before helping her into the car.

We watched them drive away.

"This is the first time we've been alone since I went to LA for class," Master said, giving our waists a squeeze.

"Let's take advantage, sir," Lisa said saucily. "I hope you're up to it, because I want to fuck until midnight."

Master was up to it, barely. It was so nice all of us sleeping in our new bed together.

******

I stretched lazily as I woke up. The bed was large enough I could do so without waking anyone else. I was ready for another fucking, but didn't want to wake either of them since we decided to sleep in today. It did give me time to think. I don't think Master was ever going to let me be branded, nor did Lisa want one anyway. I tried to think of what kind of tattoo I could get instead. 

There was the obvious, some form of initials of the three of us. Boring, but it would signify our unity. You could always do something like 'Property of' or 'Slave of' to the ass or mons. It would certainly get the message across, but had no finesse or subtlety, and it certainly wouldn't be pretty. Perhaps I should ask Lisa. She had some artistic ability and a sense of style. It would be nice if I could tattoo Rhonda if we decided to make this permanent, but in addition to needing to hide her submissiveness from her employer, I doubted tattoo ink would show well against her skin. I thought the piercings would have to suffice, and gold would look nice.

The baby was demanding more and more food. I was hungry and needed to eat. I slipped out of bed and went into the kitchen. I cooked up some sausage links, eating two and leaving the rest of a covered plate to eat when the others got up. They would reheat nicely in the microwave. I put some cheese and peanut butter on a slice of toast to nibble. I got a piece of paper and pencil and started to jot down ideas for tattoos.

Lisa was the next to get up. Unsurprising, given how hard we worked Master last night. She kissed me on the neck and looked over my shoulder at what I was doing.

"Whatcha doing," she yawned.

"I've given up on the idea Master will allow me to be branded, plus you don't want one. So I'm thinking about tattoos and what we should get to signify our slavery. I was thinking matching tattoos, something pretty we could wear proudly which announced we were Master's slaves, but didn't scream it to the world. It's why I have a problem with something like 'I'm Scott's Slave' or 'Property of Scott'. It says what we are but let's face it; it is just tacky. It's like a tramp stamp or something. I want something with more flair, which hints at our status, but leaves room for denial or is pretty at least."

"What have you got so far?"

I showed her the paper, which was mostly different versions of our initials, a large S for Master, with smaller J's and L's beside it.

"Do you mind if I work on it?"

"Not at all. I was going to ask you anyway. You have more artistic ability than I do anyway." I shoved the paper to the seat next to me and handed her the pencil.

"What's the status of breakfast?" Lisa asked, sitting down.

"I browned some sausage links ready to reheat. I was waiting on eggs until you lazy bones got up, but I had to eat something. Junior is hungry."

"We're not going to name him Junior, are we?" She asked, starting to doodle on the paper. 

"Well, we know he's a boy, so I have been contemplating boys names. I was thinking maybe Daniel after Master's father, but I'm not convinced and Master has a say as well."

"We could honor Lucia, who might have saved his life. What's the masculine equivalent of Lucia?"

"Strictly speaking, probably Luca, but in English, Luke, I think. It's a possibility."

Master got up finally. I had him sit down in one of the new chairs and gave him one of my better blow jobs, taking my time and making him squirm before he gave me my reward, which I eagerly swallowed. After, I got in his lap, my legs on either side of his and leaned my head against his chest.

"What's Lisa doing?" He asked stroking my butt.

"Working on a tattoo for us, sir. I'd run out of ideas and I wasn't happy with any of them. How would you like your eggs this morning?"

"Over easy. A tattoo?"

"Yes, Master. I've given up on the idea you'll allow me to be branded, but I definitely want something signifying my relationship to you and my status as your slave. I don't want something blatant and I'd like something pretty."

"Speaking of our relationship, we need to go over our paperwork and sign it. If anything had happened to me or one of you, our status would have been up in the air. Lisa may not have been protected."

"We can do it today, sir, although I can think of multiple things I'd prefer more than going through a bunch of legal documents."

"Let's do it out by the pool. There's no reason we can't relax and have fun while doing it."

"I'll finish breakfast, sir. If you scan the documents into PDF files, we can read them on our iPads and make notations." 

"Done. I'll get them now. We can send them back to Zoe for corrections or changes this weekend."

"Lisa, how do you want your eggs?" I asked, getting up.

She looked up from her drawing. "Over easy sounded good to me, Julia."

I cracked a half dozen eggs onto a large fry pan and put the links in the microwave for thirty seconds. Five minutes later, we were seated at the table. Master was feeding me and I had my first couple orgasms of the day in his lap, wriggling like the slave I was. When I licked his fingers clean, I tasted sausage links on his fingers in addition to my cum. 

After breakfast, Master scanned all of the legal documents while Lisa and I cleaned the kitchen. We gathered our iPads, went out by the pool and Master sent us the files and we started going over the documents. Each time one of us wanted to make a change, we discussed the change and what we all thought about it before Master made the notation on the prime copy.

We took a break for lunch, leftover chili and lemonade, where Master fed Lisa and she got her first orgasms of the day. Back to the documents which we were getting better at deciphering the legalese. It was after six when we finished. Master sent the finished documents to Zoe with a note saying while there was no rush, some haste would be good. Jack's attack had proved it wasn't good to get complacent. Things could go sideways at any time. 

No one felt like cooking, and we'd wiped out the leftovers at lunch except for maybe enough chili for one person. 

"Delivery?" Master asked. 

"Thai, sir?" I asked hopefully. 

"Do you miss serving the delivery driver, Marcus, slave?"

"No, Master. I miss Thai food. We haven't had any since you decided we wouldn't be fucking other men. If you're concerned I want to fuck Marcus again, ask for someone else to deliver it or lock me in our bedroom. I'm not interested in other men, I'm interested in Thai food."

"I'm not trying to be snarky, I'm merely curious. What was going through your mind when it happened?"

"That I was a slave, doing as my Master directed. That I was glad he was clean and good looking and not some bloated teenager with zits and knew how to fuck so I could get pleasure out of it as well."

"You liked fucking him?"

"Master, I liked fucking all the people I fucked as a sex slave. I am a sex slave who loves being used sexually. That goes from Marcus to Lisa's father, to all the women. I loved fucking all of them. Don't try to single out one I might have liked fucking more. I was and am aroused by all of it. I think about Memorial Day and I want to cum again. If you want to know if I'd like fucking Marcus again, the answer is yes. I'd like repeating everything I ever did, from seducing Gwen in the changing room to sucking your cock under the table at Luigi's. If you told me you wanted me to fuck Marcus again, I'd say give it a week to ensure you're serious and you still want it to happen, then I'll fuck him again. It's not my choice, or my desire or what I need, but I will happily fuck him again, not because he's Marcus, but because I'm a sex slave who loves sex and obeying her Master."

"Lisa, what about you?"

"Like Julia said, Master. I enjoyed all of it. I'm not craving Marcus's cock. I would take it or leave it at your direction, but his wasn't the only fucking I enjoyed. My very best orgasms have been with you and Julia because of the emotional connection I have with both of you. Marcus was a stud and I enjoyed fucking him, but I don't want to run out and have sexual assignations with him, anymore than I do anyone else. I'm happy having sex with anyone you tell me to have sex with, but I won't ever have sex with anyone you don't."

"I guess what I'm trying to ask is if you wish I was confident enough to share you with men again."

"You do share us with others, sir," I replied. "They're all women, but you share. My first responsibility as your slave is to you; your pleasure and your well being. If fucking other men causes you pain, it causes you pain and I don't wish to cause you pain. I don't need to fuck other men to be happy. I don't have to fuck other women to be happy. You and Lisa and now Rhonda, are the only ones I need to fuck to be happy."

"You gained a sex slave yourself," he pointed out.

"Yes, I did. And it's arousing for me to have her, but what made me happiest about owning her was when I gave her to you. Knowing she's a lesbian made me the more likely owner than you, but what gave me the most pleasure was giving her to you. Knowing you found her attractive, but would never do anything about it if she remained a free friend, so I turned her into my slave so you could have her. If she'd wanted to become your slave, I wouldn't have objected. I can make room in my life for someone else if it makes you happy. I would never care for her as much as I do you or Lisa, but I'd accept her. I did accept her for you. That's not to say I don't enjoy her myself. I do. She's a beautiful, sexy, woman and a great cunt licker and I enjoy dominating her."

"It seems unfair to me you're willing to do that, but I can't."

"We're submissives, sir," Lisa said, "and as such, it's our responsibility to serve you, not the other way around. You're still thinking in terms of a husband or lover where there's supposed to be more balance in a relationship. You don't have to do what we need to do. You don't have to lick our cunts every morning like we suck your cock. It's not supposed to be equal. There was a power transfer from us to you. Our pleasure is gained from serving you to our utmost ability, not from fucking around."

"Lisa's right, sir. Nowhere does it say we exist in an equal relationship. We spent the day trying to ensure we're all equally protected by our relationship, but that's different than all being equal in the relationship. You're our Master and we serve you. You don't serve us, except to see we get pleasure when you allow it. But that pleasure takes many forms. Sometimes you fuck us, sometimes you allow us to fuck each other. Sometimes it's punishment for not following your commands. Even orgasm denial, which is the negation of pleasure, can be pleasurable because it teaches us to serve you better, and the first orgasm after the denial, when we've waited so patiently for relief is usually one of the best of the day. 

"I'm not sorry I don't get to fuck other men when you get to fuck other women. I'm a sexual creature now and I get to fuck the same women you do. I enjoy it. There's no distaste or disgust in doing so. It's not like how you might feel if you were forced to have sex with another man. I can take pleasure where I may. I'm happy, the happiest I've ever been. Don't concern yourself if you're unable to give us to other men. It's not important. You don't serve me; I serve you." 

Master was thoughtful. "Order Thai food," he said.

"Thank you, Master," I replied. "Would you like us absent from the room when the food is delivered?"

"No. I don't care if others see my happy naked slaves."

I knelt at his feet. "May I be sucking your cock when the delivery person arrives, Master, and Lisa answers the door?"

"As you wish, slave."

"Thank you, Master."

We ordered Thai food. Master put the tip on the order so his slaves wouldn't have to tip. It wasn't Marcus who delivered tonight; it was some other fellow. But Lisa answered the door naked and accepted the food, and I started my meal with a helping of Master's cum. It was so good.

The sex after our meal was even better.

******

SCOTT

Around three the next afternoon we received the updated documents from Zoe. I printed them all out and we each signed them. I put them a big envelope and mailed the originals back to Zoe so she could administer them if something happened to any one of us. I made her executor of the new will. 

"The paperwork is done," I said. "We can set up our bonding ceremony at Luigi's any time you wish."

Julia looked at Lisa, and it suspiciously looked like they'd been making plans without me.

"Master, if it's all the same to you," Julia said, "we'd like to adjust our plans slightly."

"How slightly?"

"Lisa and I discussed it one day when you were at work. We'd like to hold the bonding ceremony at Brianna's. She invited us to do so as you recall. It just seems that if Master is going to accept two naked slaves in a bondage ceremony, they should be naked. We can't be naked at Luigi's. That's the first alteration."

"I thought it would be too hard for everyone to drive to LA for the ceremony, and you're willing to be naked in front of our parents again?" 

"Individually, it would be, Master. We've considered it, and I was thinking we could hire a couple limos or a party bus to bring everyone to LA the day of the ceremony. We could put them up in a motel that evening so no one would have to go home until the following day. We could bring them all back the same way. No one would need to drive. They could drink and eat on the trip. I doubt anyone would mind going to LA under those conditions. As to being naked, they've all seen us that way before, and I suspect as two serving slaves, will see us so again. We've surrendered our modesty already, and it can't really be recaptured. I say fuck it. What difference does it make now?"

"It sounds doable," I said, "though expensive. I'm assuming we're not going to make anyone pay their own way. It's going to be tough getting it all together on short notice."

"That's the second change, sir," Lisa said. "Julia wants to have the ceremony after she's delivered Luke or Junior or Daniel so she won't be huge and naked. She wants to become the slim, trim slave she started this journey as. This gives us about eight months to plan. Six for her delivery and a couple to work off her baby weight. We can set a date within a month and it gives people plenty of time to set aside the time. Being eight months in the future, it's possible our furniture business could pay for it all or at least, most of it. Kind of like a destination wedding, but not, sir." 

They really seemed to put a lot of thought into this. I didn't see any particular flaws in their plan. It seemed more than doable. 

"We've signed the paperwork, Master," Julia said. "We're all protected now. Lisa need never be concerned for her place in our relationship. The ceremony is merely ceremony; to demonstrate to others what is already established by contract and our own desires and wishes. We are a family of one dominant and two submissives, committed to each other for the rest of our lives."

"What of Rhonda?" I asked. "Where does she fit?"

"I'm not sure, Master," Julia replied. "She's not a member of this family at this time, though she may become a part of it in the future. I, or I should say, we, may just be a transition for her. We'll know more in a month, but even then, it may not establish her full permanence with this group. She may continue for another year or two, then move on. I definitely feel she's more suited to a full time Mistress, but that's up to her. I'll remain her Mistress as long as she wishes or you allow, but that will include serving you and anyone else I choose. The rest his her choice. She'll be told what we plan and her participation in it will be voluntary."

****** 

We ate early and had some great sex after. Around seven, Rhonda returned from LA, entering our bedroom as soon as she stripped off her clothes. She knelt in front of the bed.

"Domina, I need your help?"

"How so?" Julia asked.

"I need to cum, Domina, and need your permission."

"Were you not pleasing to Mistress Brianna slave? I told you to service her well."

"No, Mistress. I did everything she asked to the best of my ability. She seemed pleased at my service to her and the others she designated. I must have served a dozen women while I was there."

"Then why do you need to cum so badly?"

"She said a slave should be kept needy for her real Mistress. So I wasn't allowed to orgasm once."

Julia laughed. "The plight of a slave girl, dependent on her dominant for her pleasure. If you want to cum, you may fuck my Master. He'll make you cum. You'll have to get him hard though and I warn you, we've used him hard so you'll need to work for his cock."

"Thank you, Domina."

She climbed into bed with us and held my limp dick lightly. "With your permission, Master."

"By all means." I said.

She enveloped my cock in her lips and slipped down it, striving to get me hard again. Julia was right, it took awhile. My slaves had made great use of my cock the last two days. The amount of practice Rhonda had since her slavery began was paying off, especially the poker game on Thursday. She had no difficulty taking all of me even as I started growing hard. She was at least ten times better now than the first time she sucked me.

I have to admit the dichotomy of her black lips bobbing up and down over my white prick probably helped. So did knowing she would much prefer a cunt right now to my cock. It took her several minutes, but she soon had an erection to work with.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
"Take her from behind, Master, so we can watch," Lisa said. "I'll put your condom on and help put your prick in her pussy."

"Let me get under her, sir," Julia said. "She can lick my cunt while I watch you fuck her."

Julia got on the bed and Rhonda tried to settle over her in a sixty-nine. 

"No, slave. You lick my cunt, but the only way you get to orgasm is from Master fucking you, so you better enjoy it. You have my permission to cum." 

My condom on, Lisa held my cock and helped insert me in Rhonda's cunt. Christ, she was tight. Rhonda was buried between Julia's legs, licking up a storm. Julia was cumming frequently. I would occasionally feel Julia hold my sack, or circle my prick with her fingers as I plunged into Rhonda's pussy, but she kept her mouth away from our union and let me fuck her slave. Rhonda climaxed soon after I started pumping. She was needy with a slave's want, almost two days without an orgasm. In addition to being drained by my slaves earlier, the condom slowed my climax. Rhonda climaxed thrice more before I lunged hard and squirted whatever I had left into my sleeve. My God, I could hardly wait to fuck this slave bareback.

When I pulled out, Julia licked her slave to another orgasm. Rhonda had pleased me and that pleased Julia. Lisa was next. Rhonda had to satisfy her several times. Her face was covered in their cum when she finished. Julia made her wear it until she sent her away for work.

After she was done with Lisa, we relaxed on the bed, Julia petting her new slave. She said to Rhonda, "I wish to confirm your desire to continue as my sex slave, Rhonda. I know you got involved with us primarily because of Lucia. She's no longer here as a fuck buddy. With her being gone, do you wish to continue as my sex slave?"

"Yes, Domina. For as long as we agreed to. I admit I was surprised to enjoy it as much as I did. I'm so horny, Domina? Is your slavery similar? I want sex all the time."

"Yes. As a slave, I want and need to have sex all the time. It's part of what I enjoy about my slavery. So you intend to remain my slave?"

"Yes, Domina."

"Since you've decided to join us, slave," Julia said. "Let me explain to you your place. You will not receive any more orgasms from me or Lisa until you've first received one or given one to Master. You will please him before anyone else may please you. If he chooses to use your mouth, his orgasm will free your own. You will sleep in your room on your work days. You will sleep in our room and on our bed on your days off or any vacations you take. Except when Master is using your mouth, Lisa or I will be available for you to pleasure while he fucks your cunt or ass as we did tonight. I do this to recognize your sexual preference, to make his fucking slightly easier for you. However, he may use your mouth at any time without our assistance.

"You're expected to swallow every drop of his cum. When you're on birth control, he'll no longer be required to use a condom. One of us will clean your cunt or ass after Master deposits his load in you, or perhaps Master will do it himself. He's not averse to pleasuring a slave after using her. Speaking of birth control, do your have an appointment with your gynecologist yet? If not, expect to be punished for disobedience."

"Yes, Domina. On Tuesday."

"Will you be going on the pill or use an IUD?"

"I will take the doctor's advice, but I'm inclined to use an IUD, Domina."

"An excellent choice, slave. If you get an IUD, get the copper one."

"Yes, Domina."

"What's the difference between birth control methods, Julia?" I asked.

"The copper IUD is effective immediately in preventing pregnancy. The hormonal ones are not. Neither is the pill which is also hormonal. If she starts with the copper IUD, you'll be able to fuck her Tuesday night unwrapped. Otherwise it will be another week or longer."

"Nice," I said.

"Are you taking the night off on Tuesday due to you doctor appointment or were you going to tough it out at work?"

"I was taking the night off, Domina."

"Then you'll share our bed, Tuesday night."

"As you wish, Domina."

"We intend on having a bonding ceremony at Mistress Brianna's in approximately eight months where Lisa and I will pledge ourselves forever to our Master binding him to us and us to him. You may choose to participate or not if you're still with us. If you are and do participate, you will be pledging publicly before others that you are my slave, and subject to my will, and through me, to my Master. Such a pledge need not be permanent on your part. You may choose to leave me at any time afterward. I will not hold you to myself forever. At some future date, if we all choose to become permanently bonded, we will have another ceremony. 

"You may also have to serve others as my slave, both male and female. I recognize your preference for female, but you will not be limited to them. I want a full service slave, mostly to my Master, but whoever I determine. Do you agree to these conditions?"

"Yes, Domina."

"Tell me about your weekend at Mistress Brianna's, slave."

"When we got to Los Angeles, it was late already, Domina. Lucia had texted to tell her what time to expect us. Mistress told Lucia to bring me to her bedroom when we arrived. She was in bed with her wife and two other slaves. I immediately had to pleasure all four of them. When I asked permission to cum myself, Mistress told me I wouldn't be allowed to cum while there, that I'd be sent home to my Mistress eager to cum. She reminded Lucia my cunt was off limits to everyone but anyone could enjoy my services. I spent the night with Luca and Dawn, having to please them both several times.

"On Saturday, we had breakfast, then Lucia led me to the gym where she practiced self defense with Marcia and Chantelle. They were sparring, and several other slaves and Master Sam were watching. Lucia told them she had to lay off martial arts during her pregnancy, but offered me to spar with them, telling them I wasn't allowed to cum. I sparred with each of them individually and then all together in a melee, taking roughly an hour. When they were done, Chantelle and Marcia had sex with each other. That's when I really started to feel the need to cum. Several of the other slaves were aroused by the fighting and sex afterward. Apparently the word had spread I was available to be used, so I spent the next half hour serving three other women, four including Lucia who was horny again. 

"After lunch, we spent the afternoon at the pool. Lucia spread sun screen on me, which ratcheted my need up several notches, but I still wasn't allowed to cum. Marcia and Chantelle were at the pool with their Master, in full slave regalia. Since you instructed me to inspect her piercings and ask for her recommendations, I spent a long time speaking to her about her experiences as a submissive in Law Enforcement. She told me how she got into submission, something about a diet plan for her husband, intended to help him lose weight. It must have worked. I couldn't see an ounce of fat on him anywhere. She said she was only a part-time slave as she still used it to keep weight off him. She told me it would be difficult being a full time submissive while a policewoman. She had a tendency to slip into submission as soon as her collar went on, which was not something she could be as a deputy. I told her you permitted me to go without a collar while working. 

"She asked how I was doing at work since my slavery started. I told her it helped I had no female bosses, as I felt more submissive to women than men due to my sexual orientation. After our discussion, I asked to inspect her jewelry. She asked her Master for permission to cum and after receiving it, said I could inspect it as I pleasured her. Marcia is very beautiful and I greatly enjoyed licking her to two orgasms as I checked her piercings. I loved them, Domina. She said the labial piercing loop was small and discrete, and not a problem for her at work. When she went into slave mode, she added the dangling parts with the badge identifying her as 'Sam's slave'. Her nipple piercings were lovely as well. She said when she wasn't in slave mode, she went with simple posts, but in slave mode, she usually wore something more decorative and indicative of her slavery. That day, she wore ones with tiny manacles dangling from her nipples. Are you going to have me pierced as she is, Domina?"

"If we agree to continue past our thirty day trial. Lisa and I also intend to be pierced for our Master, though for my nipple piercings, I have to wait until I'm no longer breast feeding Junior."

"Are you still going to continue in your slavery after you have a child, Domina?"

"Yes, though we intend to keep our submission from our children. It's one of the reasons Master designed this bed. It is not apparent to anyone it is a device for the training and bondage of slaves. Spankings and Paddling will be more difficult due to the noise they create, but the whip doesn't make much noise comparatively. We aren't afraid to be nude in front of them, nor to show our love for one another. Nudists do it all the time and by most accounts, their children suffer no mental instability from being around nudity. Sex will have to take place behind closed doors after he gets older, but that's what locks are for. Our children will need to choose this lifestyle for themselves when they get older, not because they're indoctrinated in it."

"I noticed Brianna feels the same as you, Domina. No one minds nudity in front of the children, and they're not yet old enough to pay attention to sex, though it's more discrete amongst the older children. The very young ones are kept in the nursery much of the time, the older ones have the play room and there's always someone looking after them."

"Continue with your story, slave."

"Chantelle enjoyed my pleasing of her sister slave so much, she asked for her Master's permission to cum and I had to service her as well. She left after to work on supper. Her meal was magnificent. I doubt I've had finer anywhere."

"It's a wonder Sam and Marcia are so fit," I said. "They eat her cooking all the time, though she seems to take care to make much of it nutritious and non high caloric. A lot of vegetables and salads. Sam thinks the amount of sex helps a lot. He claims you burn off more calories than you expect having sex all the time."

"I am hungry more often, Master," Rhonda responded, "and seem to eat more, though I've not gained any weight."

"You look splendid, slave," Julia said. "It's the reason I give you to my Master. He appreciates a sexy slave such as yourself."

"Thank you, Domina."

"What more, slave?"

"I spent the night with Zoe and Ingrid. Zoe's pregnant like you, Domina. A little farther along. Might I ask who the fathers of the children are?"

"Sam is the father of Zoe's, Mistress Brianna's and Riyuki's for sure," I replied. "He was the only one participating in their conceptions. He may also be the father of some of the others. There was another mystery man involved in the conception of the other women. They wouldn't say who it was. Apparently, he's well known, but both men fucked the other women and so it's possible either is the father. Lucia's will be mine obviously, but all of them will identify Mistress Brianna as their titular parent. She's their provider."

"I had to pleasure both she and Ingrid much of the night. Zoe in particular, was quite aggressive in demanding my services, Domina."

"Zoe is Master's college girlfriend and the one he was in love with in college before she determined she was a lesbian," Julia said. "We have a bit of a competition between us because we both shared a love for Master. I'm sure knowing you were my slave was the reason she craved your touch so much. We like to fuck each other for the same reason. There's something extra kinky for me knowing I'm fucking his previous girlfriend, and for her knowing she's fucking Master's wife. I anticipate she will always want your services when you see her, due to this competition."

"If Domina desires, this slave will fuck Zoe very hard if given permission and a strap-on."

"That would be fun to watch, slave. We shall do what we can to make that happen. Perhaps Zoe can bring Lucia for her next doctor's appointment and spend the night and we can all fuck her."

"She will fuck our Master? You don't mind his ex-girlfriend fucking your husband?"

"Not so much since she is a lesbian. She can fuck him with her Mistress's permission. Usually, I'm required to provide services in kind to her Mistress when Master uses her slave. When Master was in LA for a week for classes before our rape, Zoe and Dawn provided sexual services to him for the week he was there."

"You have a very unusual relationship, Domina."

Julia kissed me. "You're just discovering that now? Not much of a detective, are you, slave."

Julia began stroking Rhonda's cunt and she squirmed, starting to pant.

"I can kind of understand yours and Lisa's relationship to Master, Domina," Rhonda said breathlessly, "but to let him fuck his old love interests seems quite bold. And you allow him to fuck other women as well."

"We've decided Master may fuck any slave available to him. Slaves are available to us as well, so we may fuck the same people as he does. He can't fuck Regina. She's not a slave. I've previously had to service Regina, during poker and on Memorial Day where my services were available to anyone not a family member. That was before we changed the rules and my slavery became permanent. My services are available to other dominants as Master allows, which are only females." 

"What if the slave is a male, Domina?"

"Master won't fuck male slaves. He's disinterested."

"Can you fuck them? There was one being trained at Mistress Dark's while you were there."

"We only know and have interacted with one male slave. If Master had sex with him, theoretically, Lisa and I are allowed to as well. Since I don't expect that to happen, the question is moot."

That made me stop and think. Would I feel better if my slaves had sex with male slaves more than I would if they were having sex with men in general? Theoretically, a male submissive was completely in the control of a dominant and could never have sex with anyone unless given permission. Unlike Lisa and Julia having sex with anyone else, from my friends to complete strangers like Marcus, his ability to have sex would be under my control. Despite what they said; how they'd willingly surrendered power to me and didn't expect quid pro quo for my ability to have sex with other women for sex with men, I still felt somewhat guilty to be the only male they could have sex with. Fortunately, they seemed to enjoy sex with other women, but I felt guilty. I needed to think about this some more. 

I'd missed some of the conversation while deep in my own head, but Rhonda thrashing through an orgasm on her Domina's fingers brought me back to the present. I supposed it was only her day at Brianna's on Sunday before she left. When Rhonda's spasms ended, she was made to serve Julia and Lisa again. Her oral services were offered to me, but I politely declined, having been drained dry.

"You may go shower, slave, clean the cum off your face and prepare for work," Julia said.

"Of course, Domina. Thank you."

I waited until she was gone. "It was nice of you to give her another chance to abandon her slavery now Lucia is gone."

"It was the original reason for her interest. How did you like fucking my slave?"

"She's so tight. I don't know if it's the martial arts, her previous lack of male partners or what, but she can really exert pressure with her cunt. I can hardly wait for her to be on birth control. I want to feel her unwrapped. You're going to make her have sex with me each time before you let her cum?"

"Yes, Master, most of the time. If she's my slave, she's your slave and of little use to you unless she's fucking you. Of course, if she's not fucking you, as she won't most days, as Lisa and I have first dibs on your cum, she'll do without. In order to cum, I expect she'll soon be begging to fuck you. You may grant her relief or not as you choose. You might as well have another cum hungry slut at your disposal."

Another female sex slave for me to fuck. A male slave to share the burden, was sounding better and better. We snuggled close to one another, a slave on either side of me. We kissed goodnight and drifted off to sleep. This bed was great for fucking and multiple bodies sprawled out, but the three of us barely took any space on it as we slept together.

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 41|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-41|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<i>Two new people are hired for the furniture business, one of whom has a problem. This chapter contains anal, oral, lesbian and interracial sex in addition to good old fashioned fucking. It contains a scene of ass to mouth or ATM as well as one of spanking, bondage and whipping. Forewarned is forearmed. Read or not as you wish. As with other chapters, STD's are not a problem in this fantasy world. </i>

<b>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 41 - The Next Couple Months</b>

JULIA

Monday and Tuesday, we were all back at Mistress Dark's. Lisa, Reneé and Janet finished one of the bondage pieces last week, but one more needed to be completed. We managed to knock it out on Tuesday. Mistress Dark had already sold them, only waiting for them to be finished and shipped before she got paid and could pay us. She told us we could start on another three bed frames, two kings and a queen, and two bondage units, having already received inquiries on more. I notified Master and he ordered the materials for delivery Wednesday. MD told us she could probably sell as many as we could crank out. We need not wait for orders to proceed with building them. She would be able to sell it.

Monday night, Rhonda wasn't allowed to cum. She had to watch Master, Lisa and I have sex, but was herself, left high and wet. She'd become a needy slave like us. I wanted her primed when Master fucked her bareback on Tuesday night. I left strict instructions for her preparations before we left Tuesday morning. 

We finished the last unit at four.

"Just let the last coat of varnish dry for a day before taking it apart and shipping it," I said. "Thank you again for letting us stay and work here while we had problems with Jack. It was very kind of you."

"It's been nice having the five of you running around here naked," Mistress Dark said, hugging me. "Don't be a stranger."

"We're anticipating having a bondage ceremony a couple months after I deliver Junior, at Mistress Brianna's estate in LA. We'd like to invite our friends witness our commitment to each other. Would you, Rose, and Penelope like to come?"

"We wouldn't miss it. Give us a time and place and we'll be there."

We all hugged and kissed one another before leaving. Speaking of Brianna, before inviting any more people to Brianna's, I should make sure her offer was still available and if she could accommodate the plans I had. While Lisa drove home, I called her. 

"Hello, Julia. How are you?"

"Fine, Mistress. How's Lucia?"

"Very well. We're glad to have her back."

"When we were there a few weeks ago, you offered the use of your estate for a bondage ceremony between my Master and his slaves. Would that offer still be available?"

"Of course. I thought you wanted to have it in Fresno to be closer to your family and friends?"

"We did, Mistress, but if we're going to bond to our Master as sex slaves, I feel it's appropriate we do so as naked slaves, and at the restaurant where we'd tentatively planned it, we couldn't be naked. I also felt there should be some sex to seal the deal, and that could get us arrested."

Brianna laughed. "When would you like to have this ceremony?"

"I want to do it a few months after I deliver, so I can look like a sex slave again and not a blimp. Then I thought why not around the one year anniversary of when I first became a sex slave. That would put it mid-May of next year. Would that be a problem?"

"No, it provides plenty of time to prepare."

"We'll reimburse you for any expenses you incur, Mistress."

"How many people do you expect to attend and in what proportion of sexes?"

I did some quick thinking. Four of us if Rhonda was still with us;, three from MD's; six parents; seven from the poker group, Gwen and her husband, Sarah and her slave, Ron; perhaps Sharon and her husband, since she'd been involved in our escapades. Perhaps even a couple more. What if Rhonda was still with us. Would she want any of her family to attend?

"It could be anywhere from fifteen to thirty people, Mistress, and I'm guessing a pretty even mixture of men and women. Perhaps slightly in favor of the women, depending on who can attend. You won't have to put anyone up. We'll provide motel rooms for those who attend. We can have food catered for everyone and provide alcohol. We were thinking of a limousine or party bus service to bring everyone down together. If this wouldn't be a problem, I can send an email describing what I'm considering for the ceremony."

"I don't foresee any issues with that. Forget the caterer. We have one of the best chef's in Los Angeles living here. It would be a shame not to take advantage of Chantelle's services. Should we be clothed or unclothed?"

"As to Chantelle, just tell us the amount of the bill on the food she buys and we'll pay it. Since there will be so many males present, I would leave it up to you how you and your slaves would like to dress. It's your home and I think you should be as comfortable as you wish to be. I'm uncertain about my group. They all know of our relationship and have witnessed or even partaken of our slavery. They may choose to remain clothed or may strip depending on their own inclinations. I know for certain the three sex slaves here will be naked. Everything else would be up in the air, but I don't have any idea how many would choose to take off their clothes. I'll send out invitations and ask for a firm commitment and whether they anticipate being naked or not."

"Very well. I guess we've got the beginnings of a plan."

"I have two further requests to ask of you, Mistress."

"What would that be?"

"First, I'd like my Master and sister slave to have jewelry signifying their relationship to me to be given to them at our bonding ceremony. I don't know what, except I'll know it when I see it. Could you have your metalsmiths send me some ideas for Lisa and I to choose from? Secondly, would it be possible for Zoe to bring Lucia for her next doctor's appointment and spend the night? I'd like her to fuck Master while I'm present. Of course, I will pay the penalty for using your slave in such a fashion when we see you next."

"You, Lisa and your new slave, Rhonda, I believe her name was."

"Rhonda will participate if she's still with us, Mistress. It's a trial period for now and I don't know what her status will be next year. Lisa and I will definitely serve as your slaves for the night. It would have to be some other night other than the night of the ceremony. We should be Master's alone that night. We expect to remain in frequent contact due to Master's status as the father of Lucia's child."

"I will agree to that exchange."

"Thank you, Mistress."

"I'll wait to hear more from you."

"I'll keep you informed of how many we expect to attend, Mistress Brianna. My thanks to you."

"And mine to you for helping with Lucia."

"It was our pleasure. She's a wonderful woman."

We disconnected. "You're getting me something for our bonding ceremony?" Lisa asked.

"Of course. I've never been so close to another person before except Master. You're going to be a part of my life until we die, God willing."

She laid a hand on my leg, running it under my dress toward my bald pussy.

"Keep your eye on the road, Lisa. You can fuck her later," Janet said from the back.

Lisa patted my wetness.

"You're looking forward to tonight, aren't you," she said, withdrawing her hand.

"Of course, Master fucking my new slave bareback for the first time. I also had her cleanse her ass after her doctor appointment today. I'm anticipating lots of fun for all of us and our first chance to sleep together tonight, since she's off. She'll be eager to cum since she couldn't last night."

"You know, with Lucia going home and you getting bigger and bigger and the number of new orders coming in, we need to consider hiring more people."

"I know. It would be great getting another woman, someone skilled in carpentry, who wouldn't mind working naked, or at least wouldn't mind us working naked. Janet, do you have any ideas?"

"My sister would probably not mind the work, and might even have no issues about working naked, though her husband might have problems with it, since it's here and your Master lives here. Unfortunately, she knows as much about carpentry as I did, nada."

"Could she pick it up as fast as you did?" Lisa asked. 

"Possibly. I can ask her."

"Is she working now?"

"Making minimum wage at a part-time job."

"Does she know about your submission to Chen?" Following up. "Is she older or younger, and what's her name?"

"We've touched on my submission, but she doesn't know the full extent. Her name is Alice and she's eighteen months older than I am, making her 29."

"Have her call me tomorrow. I'll talk to her about a job."

"I'll call her when she gets off work. I think she's working evenings."

"Speaking of family, Lisa," I said, "Does your brother, Dave, and his wife, know about your submission to Master and are we going to invite them to the bonding ceremony?"

"He knows we're all living together. That was unavoidable. I haven't told him I'm a sex slave, though it's possible my parents have spilled the beans. I wouldn't invite him unless I knew he knows. I can sound him out. What about Master's sister?"

"I haven't a clue what she knows. She lives in North Carolina. We don't see her but once every three or four years."

"Do you think she should be invited?"

"Up to Master. I don't know her that well."

We got home, Janet going to hers and Lisa and I to ours. We stripped and joined Rhonda in the kitchen. She had already started on supper; seasoned pork chops, collard greens, fried diced potatoes, onions and peppers stirred together. 

I kissed my slave and fondled her, enough to make her moan for me. 

"Have you done everything I instructed, slave?"

"Yes, Domina."

"As soon as Lisa and I shower, we'll come help with supper. Master will use all three of your holes tonight. I'm looking forward to you sharing our bed for the first time."

"Me too, Domina."

"Be right back."

Lisa and I showered together. Neither of us had cum yet today. I was wet and ready and so was Lisa. It was all I could do not to cum when she washed me. We dried each other off and Lisa set the table while I helped with the food prep, making a salad to go with the main course. Master got home at six and showered, joining us as we plated the food. Master fed Lisa tonight and she had the first orgasms of anyone since Master's blow job this morning. Rhonda was starting to squirm as she watched Lisa cum. I don't think I'd give Rhonda permission to cum tonight, the first time at least. Master might enjoying heating her ass before he fucked it. I wasn't feeding Rhonda tonight, to keep her on edge longer.

As we ate, we talked, not about the sex. Everyone knew that was happening today. I asked about Master's sister, Cindy.

"Master, I spoke to Mistress Brianna today about holding our bonding ceremony on her estate. She agreed we could hold it there, and Chantelle will prepare the food if we pay for it. I told her to anticipate fifteen to thirty guests. Mistress Dark and her two slaves have already agreed to attend. I was wondering about Cindy and whether we would be inviting her to the ceremony? Does she know you own sex slaves?"

"No, I've never told her and my parents might divulge that information without my permission."

"She's scheduled to come for Christmas. I think she should know. Depending on her reaction, we can decide whether to invite her or not."

"I'm agreeable."

"As you know, Mistress Dark gave us three more orders for bed frames and two more bondage units. She told us today to keep cranking them out and she could probably sell everything we built. With Lucia leaving and me becoming more ungainly daily, we were discussing hiring more people. Janet said her sister might be interested, but she knows no more about carpentry than Janet did. We'd like to continue working naked. Do you have any females working for you, or know of any, who wouldn't mind working naked with us?"

"All of my people get twenty-five an hour, so starting at fifteen would be a pay cut. As to whether they'd work naked, I haven't a clue."

"They wouldn't need to work naked, but at least tolerate it of us. Twenty-five is doable if they don't want profit sharing and they already have skills and don't need to be trained. The rest of them are probably due for pay raises as they're all doing well now and can work without supervision. I was going to offer a straight raise or to stay at fifteen and a percentage of the profits, say two percent."

"If you would approach any of your female crew and ask them if they'd consider a swap to our company, I'll interview them."

"I'll ask around."

"My new slave has prepared for you tonight, Master. Given she's not cum for two days, I'm sure she'll beg for your cock, sir."

"Is that right, slave?" Master asked her.

"Yes, Master. I will happily beg for any form of relief." 

Just like any other slave.

******

SCOTT

I wasn't particularly fond of the idea of giving up any of my workers, but Julia was right about needing more people. They could build maybe two things per week now, and they should probably double that with the orders coming in so fast. 

Rhonda was squirming in her seat as I gave Lisa her orgasms. She looked ready to cum just sitting there. We'd have time tonight to talk. Perhaps I'd ask her about her submission. 

We adjourned to the bedroom after the kitchen was cleaned. I almost regretted buying a new TV to replace the one which got shot up. We rarely watched anymore, although I suppose I should have one available for guests. 

"Lisa, why don't you enjoy Rhonda's tongue while Master fucks her," Julia said.

"Happily," Lisa responded. 

Lisa got in front of Rhonda as she knelt on the bed. A clear streak of fluid was slowly tracing a path down Rhonda's leg. I wanted to push my cock into her tight cunt as soon as I got on the bed behind her. Julia waved me off, so I lay down watching for awhile, my head on my hand, observing Lisa cum twice under Rhonda's tongue.

"Domina, may I please cum now?" Rhonda pleaded after Lisa spasmed the second time.

"I haven't heard you beg for your Master's cock yet, slave."

Rhonda looked at me, her face a mask of desperation. "Master, please put your cock in me and fuck me. I need it so badly."

Playing along with where Julia seemed to be going with this, I said, "I think a needy slave can beg much better than that." Actually, my cock was pretty much demanding I do something soon. 

"I beg of you, Master. Fill my wet cunt right now and fuck me. Fuck me hard, sir. I'm begging to feel you fill my slave cunt and let me cum."

I looked at Julia and she signaled me to begin. I knelt behind Rhonda and slid into her tight twat. There was no resistance at all. It was like fucking warm pudding she was so ready.

Julia stuck her face down by Rhonda's. "Now lick Miss Lisa's cunt again, and by the way, you don't have permission to cum."

Rhonda wailed, the wail of a lost soul. "Domina!"

"You heard me, slave. No cumming."

Rhonda began licking and I started a slow fucking, enjoying the sensation of riding her without a condom. In a couple minutes, she began squirming, feeling her release cumming and not able to have it. I always believed needing to cum without being able to cum was the worst thing which could happen to a slave. At least with the Slave Trainer, it shut itself off. You got no relief, but the stimulation stopped. With this, she was dependent on trying to control her own body, and I don't believe it was possible. You felt the imminent explosion, trying to suppress it, and still it marches on, looming larger and larger in your mind and body. Lisa was cumming and Rhonda was absolutely quivering in her efforts to put off the inevitable. 

She sobbed, "Please, Domina, I'm begging you, please let me cum?"

"Not until your Master cums, slave. Lick that cunt. You'll be punished if you don't get busy."

Rhonda renewed her assault on Lisa's pussy. She went maybe another thirty seconds before her back arched and she drove herself backward on my prick. I felt her convulsing cunt squeezing down on me, moaning and sighing. 

In the event Julia didn't recognize the signals, I said, "Your slave just orgasmed."

Rhonda whimpered. 

"I recognized the signs of a climaxing slave, Master. I will let you punish her. You can spank her far harder than I can. Will you behave now, slave, or should we go for double the punishment?"

"Domina, there's another orgasm on its way. Please let your slave cum?"

"If I let you cum tonight. You won't be able to cum again until Friday. Three days without cumming. Is that what you want?"

"Please, Domina. I don't think I can hold off until Master cums unless he cums now."

"Very well, slave. You may cum as much as you like tonight, but no more until Friday."

As soon as Julia gave her permission, Rhonda climaxed once more, then again. She was cumming a fourth time before I emptied myself in her womb, our contractions combining to make an exquisite experience for me.

"Clean your Master, slave. You've coated his cock in your cum," Julia ordered when I pulled out. "Get him hard again so he can fuck your ass."

She wasn't wrong. It was white in our combined fluids. Rhonda dutifully cleaned my cock, keeping me hard in the process. Lisa was cleaning the exterior of Rhonda's pussy. Rhonda was still whimpering from aftershocks as Lisa cleaned her.

Lisa done and my prick slick with nothing but saliva, Julia lay down in front of Rhonda's mouth.

"Master, please start giving my slave her punishment for cumming without permission," Julia said. "If she loses concentration on her Domina's pleasure as she's punished. You may add another ten."

Julia was well on her way to her first orgasm when I started spanking Rhonda. I whacked her hard the first time, but other than whimpering after, Julia didn't appear to be neglected at all. I loved, Rhonda's bottom. To me, it was one of the most perfect asses I'd ever seen, let alone spanked. Firm, muscular, shapely, and totally hot. I moderated the next dozen to something less than the first one, but started increasing the severity slightly from then on, seeing if Rhonda would break. Towards the end, Rhonda started patting Julia's tummy.

"I told you you had permission to cum the rest of the night, slave," Julia said. 

I could see the contractions of Rhonda's cunt and ass as she shivered through another orgasm. Cumming from her spanking, how slave like. With her spanking done, I wet my cock in her pussy, then pushed into her ass, feeling the heat emanating from her buttocks. She moaned again, tightening against my invasion, increasing my pleasure. I started fucking her hard. 

"Whack the slave's ass, Master. She's losing focus on my pleasure," Julia said, and I smacked her buttocks a couple times to enforce her attention.

"That's better, slave," Julia moaned, cumming quickly, drenching her slave's face with her fluids. 

Five minutes later, Rhonda was cumming herself, clasping my cock in the tight embrace of her rectum as she spasmed, surrendering to her pleasure. Other than her moaning, she continued to lick her Mistress, concentrating on her pleasure. Both of them climaxed a couple more times before I grunted and felt my balls expel their load in ropy streams into her bottom. 

"You're not done yet, slave. Clean your Master's cock and suck the cum from his balls once more. After, Lisa and I will spend some time pleasuring you for the pleasure you provided our Master."

I lay back and Rhonda cleaned my cock, slowly sucking me back to life as Julia cleaned her bottom. It took some time since I'd already cum twice, but Rhonda diligently worked my cock over until I sent one more blast down her throat. Since she'd earned the reward promised by Julia, my two other slaves spent over thirty minutes pleasuring Rhonda. She climaxed multiple times under their tongues. I admit it was arousing watching the three of them have sex, thought not quite enough to get another erection. Everyone took a break and settled back to rest. Julia leaning back against a pile of pillows while lightly stroking her slave. I was doing the same with Lisa.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"Rhonda," I asked, "did you realize you were submissive before you met us?"

"No, Master, though I knew something wasn't quite right with me. I felt like I did when I was first learning my sexual orientation. Then, though I thought I should be loving boys, I had no interest in them. I enjoyed sex with women, but it was empty and meaningless. I couldn't form connections with them. Lucia was the first woman I felt I could love. She was so strong and capable. Then I saw what happened to Janet and it was as if a veil was lifted from my eyes. I felt I could find my way through submission as they did." 

"Your Domina believes you may have wished to surrender, but couldn't because it you would feel weak instead of strong and competent. It was Lucia who allowed you to realize submission did not make you weak. You could still be powerful, proficient and skilled. Surrendering to a Mistress did not mean you were less than you believe yourself to be."

"Domina may be right, Master. I did not see how I could still be Sergeant Meadows and a submissive. Lucia was both strong and submissive. I go to work now and realize nothing has changed there. I'm still who I always was. Here, I may let down my guard and let someone else be in charge, to surrender control. Never have I felt so free even though I now find myself a sex slave." 

"My pet, did you enjoy fucking your Master?" Julia asked.

"Yes, Domina, though I enjoyed the fucking more because you were with me. Pleasing your Master pleases you, which gives me happiness."

"There may be some times when a woman is unavailable to assist you to fuck Master and you will still need to fuck him. I expect the same level of service to him as if I were here. Is that clearly understood?"

"Yes, Domina."

"I still want Master to fuck me tonight. It will be your job to get him hard again so he can. I want you to put his cock into your Domina's cunt and suck his balls as he fucks me."

"Yes, Domina."

"Then get him hard. He's rested enough."

Rhonda left her Domina's arms and began sucking my cock once more. She really had to work hard this time, but she did an excellent job and eventually, I had an instrument I could be proud of. Julia knelt on the bed and Rhonda guided my cock to its first home. For the rest of the fucking, my sack was licked and sucked as I plowed my wife. She was able to cum several times during her lengthy fucking.

"Lisa, in front of me," Julia gasped, "let me lick you."

Lisa lay in front of her and for the balance of her fucking, pleasured her sister slave. Eventually, I climaxed again, probably the last time tonight. Rhonda cleaned my cock and her Mistress, though she found far more of her cum than mine inside of her. I was whipped.

We settled into bed, curled up in one incredible tangle of limbs. Everyone was asleep in minutes.

******

JULIA

Janet's sister, Alice, called the next morning around 10 AM.

"My sister said you wanted to talk to me about a job."

"Yes, you'd be doing the same thing as Janet does, making furniture. I'd like to speak to you about it."

"I don't know anything about making furniture or carpentry."

"Neither did Janet. You'll be trained. You start with simple things like sanding, staining and varnishing, then, as you become good at those things, we'll start you on the other skills you need, one at a time. The pay is pretty good and it's my intent as you get better for your pay to increase. You can go to a higher hourly wage, or receive a share of the profits. If you're interested, I'd like to interview you some evening this week. Janet will be there."

"I'm off on Thursday or Friday evening," she replied. 

"There's a poker game on Thursday at my house. Will Friday be okay or do you have plans with your husband?"

"No plans. Friday's good."

"Why don't you come over after supper, say 7:30."

"What's your address?" 

"I'm right next door to Janet. Have you been there yet?"

"No."

"I'll text my address. I'm sure Janet would like you to see her home when we're done. I'll see you then."

I texted her the address to her phone number.

"I suspect Alice will soon find out everything about your submission to Chen," I told Janet. "I'd like you to be there when I interview her. Why don't you and Master Chen come for drinks at the pool that evening after supper?"

"Yes, Domina. I'll speak to Master. I'm sure he'd have no objections."

"You'll need to dress in something for the interview. I don't wish her to be scared off by our nudity right off the bat. We'll strip afterward."

"Makes sense, Domina. We still haven't had an opportunity to do hot wax yet. Perhaps we can try it after the interview?" Janet asked hopefully.

"You're such a slave, Janet."

"Yes, Domina. I am."

Surprisingly enough, I got another call after lunch, from a woman named Shasta Williams.

"May I speak to Julia Rivers, please."

"I'm Julia."

"My name is Shasta Williams. Scott Rivers gave me your name and number and told me to call about a job."

"Yes. Do you work for Scott?"

"I did until I had a car accident three months ago. The doctor just gave me clearance for light duty. Scott told me he doesn't have any light duty at the moment but referred me to you."

"You have experience in carpentry?" I asked.

"Five years before my accident."

"How limited is your light duty?"

"No lifting over twenty pounds, at least 30 minutes every hour off my feet."

"We can work with that. Might I be able to interview you this Friday around 7:30 at my house. This is where I run my business from. You may stay afterward for some snacks or drinks if you wish."

"I can be there. I'll need to get a sitter for my boy, but my mom can look after him for the evening."

"I'll text you the address. I look forward to meeting you, Shasta."

After hanging up, I told the others, "Two more possible workers to interview on Friday evening. This one's been a carpenter for Master for five years. She's on light duty after a car accident, but she shouldn't have any problem doing our work."

"Great," Lisa said. "We've certainly got the work."

"Since you're co-owner, I suppose you need to sit in on the interviews. As long as it was just Alice, I thought Janet would do nicely to discuss the nuances of the job, but if it's two, you should be there."

"Whatever we need to do," Lisa said, kissing me. "It's all good."

******

The poker game was held at our house on Thursday. The players were served by naked slaves once again, though only food and drink, no sex. When asked why my slave couldn't be used by the players again, they were told my slave was being punished and not allowed to have sex. Regina seemed the most upset by the news. 

"Just because she's being punished is no reason we should suffer," Regina said.

"You had a slave, Regina," I said. "One who would have done anything you asked. You didn't want a slave. You sent him away. My slave is mine and not available to be your fuck toy every time you desire it."

"Perhaps I'm rethinking my position, but maybe I'd like a female slave instead of a male."

"Then you may find your own. This one is mine and will do as I say, not you."

"Can't you talk some sense into her, Scott?"

"Not regarding her property," Master said. "She is attempting to make allowances for the slaves sexual preferences, which are female."

"Don't tell me you're not fucking this prime piece of slave? And why was she serving last week?"

"Master is allowed to fuck her," I said. "As my slave, she's subject to my Master. Last week, she was still being trained to suck cock. She doesn't need further training."

"I don't have a cock," Regina protested.

"And you're not the only one who wins."

"Let it go, Regina," Edward said. "They don't have to provide sex toys for us."

"Fine." 

"You can always find your own slave," I said.

"How the hell do I do that?"

"Put an ad in the personal section of the newspaper. Check out online BDSM groups. It may take awhile, but I'm sure one could be found."

"How about if I buy yours?"

"She's not mine to sell. She's submissive to me of her own free will, not property to be bartered."

Regina finally gave up. 

******

On Friday after our meal, I asked Master and Master Chen to please stay dressed as I'd be interviewing two women for a job and didn't want to throw naked people at them to start. They agreed and went out by the pool with Rhonda, who also wore a swimsuit during the time of the interview. Rhonda hadn't been allowed to cum since Tuesday and her nipples were obvious bumps under her suit. If she hadn't gotten in the pool and wet her entire suit, I'm sure the bottoms would have shown her arousal. She was hoping to be allowed to fuck again today. Lisa, Janet and I were wearing simple skirts, waiting for the two women to show up.

Janet's sister, Alice was the first to arrive. I asked her to wait as another woman was arriving shortly and I wanted to discuss the employment with both of them.

"We're both competing for the same opening?" Alice asked.

"Actually, we have more than one position we'd like to fill. I'm hoping both of you would be willing to take jobs."

Alice relaxed a little and she and Janet greeted each other and chatted. Shasta arrived a few minutes later. She had some fresh looking scars on her face, from the car accident, I assumed. She was African-American, and sturdy looking.

"I'm not late, am I?" Shasta asked, seeing Alice and Janet chatting.

"No, not at all. Come in. I want to discuss the job with both of you. We have at least two openings at present. Alice, why don't you have a seat on the sofa with Shasta while we discuss the job we want you both for."

They both sat on the sofa, Janet sitting beside Alice. Lisa and I took seats in the loungers. 

"Lisa and I own our own business, currently under my husband's company umbrella, though we're hoping to break out of his company shortly. We build bondage furniture. We currently have two other employees; Janet, sitting here with us, and Reneé, another woman."

"What's bondage furniture?" Alice asked.

"Furniture designed to allow Dominants to tie or confine their submissives for whatever purposes they deem fit. We have a piece in this home we'll show you in a moment," Lisa replied.

"You mean for people to get tied up and whipped and shit," Shasta said. 

"That would be a true statement," I answered. "Suffice it to say, for whatever reason, business is good and we need more people to build them than we have. We're building five pieces now and our distributor said she can sell as many as we can make. We can't make them fast enough. This furniture sells for anywhere from $5000 to $10000 apiece. So we're talking about roughly $35,000 in orders with much more to follow."

"Why would anyone allow themselves to be tied up and whipped?" Alice asked.

"Because they enjoy it," I said. I pointed to the collars and cuffs on Lisa, Janet and myself. "All three of us are submissives, sex slaves to our Masters. Reneé is also submissive. We enjoy being subservient to our Masters. Normally, we'd all be naked, waiting on our Dominants hand and foot, doing whatever they required us to do. We're only dressed because we're speaking to you and don't believe it would be appropriate to interview you in the nude."

Alice was looking at Janet. "You're a sex slave? To Chen? He's so nice."

"Willingly, yes, and he is nice. Very nice. I'm going to marry him, you know." Janet showed her the engagement ring. "I've discovered I'm a submissive and Chen agreed to be my Master, though he was reluctant to do so. He did not want to lose me to another Dominant, so he became my Master."

"Being someone else's bitch isn't a requirement of the job, is it?" Shasta asked, "cause if it is, I'm out of here."

"No, it's not. It's more an accident and coincidence all four employees are to this point. We were looking to expand and chose our friends first. You don't have to be someone else's 'bitch', as you said, to work here. The only way our subservience impinges on the job at all, is we're all used to being naked. We enjoy being nude. We work in the nude. It's not a requirement that you be naked on the job, but it would help if you weren't offended if we were, as we don't want to wear clothes if we can help it. If we take deliveries of lumber and supplies here, we're clothed to greet the delivery person, but everything is built here and we have plenty of privacy and we like to be naked. You can wear what you like and you don't have to be naked, just not get upset we are," I said.

"How much are you paying?" Shasta asked.

"Since you have no carpentry skills, Alice, we will pay you $15.00 an hour to start, with a two dollar an hour raise when you become competent in all phases of the construction. Shasta, Master said you were making $25.00 an hour on his crew. As you have five years experience, we can pay you the same amount if you wish, but what I'd like to offer you is $20 an hour and two percent of the net profits. At our current level of business, we're at around 40,000 per month, half of which is our net except labor costs which we don't include as expenses to us. Supplies, shipping and handling of our distributor, and administrative fees and insurance, currently covered by Scott's construction company come out of the other half. So, 2% of $20K is $400 a month in profit sharing. I realize this is only the equivalent of $2.50 more per hour in a 160 hour work month, but we expect the business to grow to much more than $40K a month, which means you can make much more than you'd lose at the higher pay. The choice is yours.

"Alice the same applies to you. We'd like all of our employees to share in our success. When you get up to snuff, you can choose the higher rate of pay or a share of the profits. We're about to offer the same to both of our current employees who are both capable of working independently. Janet, that means you. You've caught on pretty quick, starting with your next pay period, you can expect to start making the two percent bonus or $17 an hour, your choice."

"And neither of us needs to work buck naked nor serve as anyone's sex toy?" Shasta asked.

"No. Master is not a rapist and he respects the wishes of our guests, which you'd be, working here. He won't undress in your presence, and he's usually home after you'll have left for the day anyway. We don't work on holidays and weekends. Hours would be from eight to five with an hour for lunch. We can use the help now. You're welcome to start Monday morning, or if you need to give notice at your current job, whenever you're free."

"I admit he's been a good boss to work for. Let me see this shit you're building," Shasta said.

"Of course. It's in the bedroom." 

I led them into the bedroom, and showed them the bed frame.

"This is our premiere piece, and at this size, which is for an Alaskan King size mattress, goes for $10,000 dollars."

"Ten grand!" Shasta said. "It's a goddamn bed frame."

"It's supposed to look like a simple bed frame," Lisa replied. "Not everyone wants to advertise what they do behind closed doors." 

Lisa then showed them how it all worked, pulling out the St. Andrews cross from under the bed, the suspension points, the tie downs, the hidden stocks. They were surprised at all it did.

"You do all this? Let someone tie you?" Alice asked Janet quietly.

"Yes. My friend, Reneé, who you've met, became a sex slave before I did. She encouraged me to date Chen when I broke up with my ex. At first I thought submission would be the same as being with my ex, just abusive. Then I met everyone and they seemed so nice. It didn't seem to be the same at all, despite the submission. Then I witnessed Reneé get punished and she orgasmed as she was punished. I decided to experiment with submission myself, learning I am one. At first, Julia was my Domina, teaching me submission. I didn't want to do it with Chen because he wasn't sure if he wanted to possess a sex slave; that he wanted a girlfriend instead. Eventually, he chose to become my Dominant so he wouldn't lose me to another. I'm going to undergo hot wax tonight. You're welcome to stay and watch. I want you to know what I am Alice. This is my life now."

Alice didn't respond. 

"I'll watch, if it's okay," Shasta said. 

"Back to the matter at hand," I said briskly. "If you were to check bondage and discipline furniture websites, you'll see the furniture is very expensive, going for $5-6 thousand for king size beds which do these things. But they look like bondage pieces and anyone who sees it, will know what it's for. Our frames go for a premium because they look like regular bed frames and not bondage furniture. We do make bondage pieces that go for less, but they look like what they are, bondage furniture. You can't buy this stuff at a 'Rooms 2 Go' store. You have to get it online. It's not mass produced and it's made to order; hence the cost. Obviously, it's for a richer clientele. Our distributer is currently shipping around the world."

Next, we led everyone down to the basement where we were making two of the non-bed bondage pieces. They were in various stages of construction, one of them far enough along to see what it was.

"This is where we make them," Lisa said. "The supplies are kept in a large shed in the back protected by a security fence. We bring them down here to make them. They come apart for shipping. As soon as they're made, they're picked up or delivered to our distributer. It's the reason we can work naked. Once the supplies are delivered, we never have to be in public. A few of our tools are in the garage where we cut things to size, but the garage door remains down, so essentially, we're in the house all the time."

"That's it," I said. "That's us, our business. As you can see, I'm pregnant. The more pregnant I become, the less physical labor I can do. Essentially, we'd like to have two crews, one of which would be headed by you, Shasta, as you have more experience than anyone else. One would be headed by me, then Lisa, as I get more and more incapable of the physical labor. As I mentioned, we're thinking of doing everything ourselves, forming our own website instead of selling on someone else's. If we do, our profits should increase as we currently lose 30% under the current arrangement, and breaking off from my husband's business umbrella. If we do, I might have more administrative tasks, like payroll, taxes and insurance, though I plan to remain involved in manufacture as much as possible."

"Let me think on it over the weekend," Shasta said. "I'll give you my answer on Sunday night. If it's a yes, I'll be here Monday morning."

"I don't know," Alice said. "I'm not sure how my husband would feel about my working here in this environment. This is so different from what we're used to. I'm almost afraid to work here." 

"I understand," I said. "Most people may not be accustomed to the whole concept of Dominance and submission. It can be scary if you don't understand it. I won't pressure you, but we would welcome you to join our team. Before you go, why don't you have a glass of wine and observe us in our natural habitat, so's to speak. Perhaps you'll see we're not scary monsters who should be avoided at all costs. I'm sure Janet would love you to learn more about the lifestyle she's chosen for herself, even though it might bother you."

"Yes, please Alice. I know this might not be for you, but if you see how loving everyone is, perhaps you won't be so scared for me," Janet pleaded.

Alice thought for a moment. "Okay. I can stay for a little while." 

"Everyone else is out by the pool. We can introduce you to them. Lisa, why don't you introduce them to everyone. Janet and I will bring out the wine and some snacks." 

Lisa led them up to the pool. Janet and I went to the kitchen and popped the cork on a bottle of wine. I got some crackers and an assortment of cheeses and put it on a platter. Janet was quietly crying, tears rolling down her cheeks.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"Why are you crying?" I asked, pulling her into an embrace. 

"I don't think Alice will ever understand my relationship to Chen, Domina," she said, starting to openly sob. "I'm afraid she won't accept him and me together."

I patted her back. "She can't accept what she doesn't know, pet. Perhaps she needs to see for herself. It's only through knowledge you begin to understand others and accept them."

"How? How will she ever know what it's like for us if she never witnesses the love that exists in this relationship and how happy it makes me?"

"Show her. Show her right now. Take off your clothes, and I'll take off mine with you. We'll go out as naked slaves and serve our Masters. Let her see the love which exists between us and our Dominants."

"You don't think she'll just leave?"

"I don't know. Perhaps, in which case you're no worse off than you are now. Or perhaps she'll stay." I kissed her. "Either way, you know don't you?"

Janet nodded. I began to unbutton her dress, the buttons in the front. There was nothing on beneath it. I slipped it from her shoulders and it dropped to the floor, revealing her in her naked glory. I turned and let her unzip the dress I was wearing. She slipped it down over my body. We picked up our dresses and folded them, setting them on the counter. I kissed her, wiping her tears.

"Chin up, pet. Be proud of your slavery. If you're ashamed of it, she'll be ashamed as well for you. You have nothing to be ashamed of. You're happy, loved and cherished, like few others." 

I handed her the tray of glasses while I took the tray of snacks and the bottle of wine. "Serve your Master first. Kneel for him. Offer him yourself in addition to the wine."

"Yes, Domina."

"Let's go. Put a smile on your face. You're happy to be a slave. Show Alice you are."

She nodded and smiled.

We went out to the pool. Master and Chen noticed we were naked immediately. The others took a few seconds longer. I set the snack tray down on a table as we passed it. Janet went to her Master and knelt, holding her tray of glasses out.

"Master, may I offer you a glass for your wine or anything else you may require?"

"A glass is fine for now," Chen said, smiling. 

"Of course, sir. Please help yourself."

Chen took a glass and I poured him a glass. "Master Chen, thank you for joining us tonight," I said as I poured.

"You're welcome. You're looking lovely tonight, Julia."

"Thank you, Master Chen. Help yourself to cheese and crackers if you wish."

"I will."

Janet rose to her feet and approached my Master, kneeling once again. "Master Scott, a glass for your wine."

Master smiled at her. "What, you're not going to offer me anything else I require?" He teased.

"Not without my Master's permission," Janet said, laughing. 

I knelt down beside her. "I'm happy to offer anything else Master requires," I said, pouring his wine.

He glanced significantly at our guests. "Anything?"

"Yes, Master. Both of our guests might have questions about what goes on in our home. Perhaps those questions should be answered for them."

"Why don't you serve the rest of our guests first."

"Yes, sir."

When I stood, I said, "Perhaps the other slaves would feel more comfortable in their natural state." 

Lisa and Rhonda both stood up and took off their clothes. Shasta looked on in surprise as Rhonda removed her clothes.

"You just told me you were a fucking cop!" Shasta protested.

"I am," Rhonda said, folding her clothes, "and I'm a sex slave."

"What a fucking cliche," Shasta said, "a black woman slave to a white man."

"Only half a cliche," Rhonda replied. "I'm sex slave to a white woman." She knelt at my feet. "Do you desire anything, Domina?"

"Not right now, slave. Relax and enjoy yourself. Have a glass of wine and snacks."

Shasta was looking on in amazement. Rhonda said, "I'm a lesbian. I was unlikely to submit to a man of any color."

"She a slave to him," Shasta pointed to Master. "What the fuck!"

"I am submissive to my Master," I said, "but I like to dominate women. Rhonda has agreed to a one month trial as my slave. At the end of that time, any one of us can end it."

"Who are you slave to?" Shasta asked Lisa.

"I'm a slave to Master Scott. Julia and I are sister slaves."

"Un fucking believable," Shasta said.

Alice said nothing. She was clearly confused by everything. Janet and I gave a glass of wine to everyone and invited them to partake of snacks. After everyone was served, Janet sat with her Master, Lisa sat with ours and I sat with mine. As I sat with Rhonda, I played with her naked body, kissing her occasionally. She was quickly aroused by my attentions. She hadn't cum since Tuesday and she was panting for release in no time.

"Domina, may I please cum?" Rhonda pleaded, thrusting her sex against my hand.

"Yes you may, slave," I said, bringing her off. Her back arched and she moaned, twisting to kiss me as she released.

"Un fucking believable," Shasta muttered again. "Are you bisexual?"

"I suppose I must be, though I was never with a woman before my slavery started. I was trained to satisfy a woman as my Master found it easier to see me have sex with women than men, and he initially thought I was doing this so I could have sex with others. Then Lisa joined us and sex with her became a regular part of my existence. I love her as I love Master. I regularly have sex with women now, primarily Lisa and Rhonda, though I've had sex with others."

Alice asked Janet, "Have you had sex with women as well?"

"When Domina was training me, I was trained to satisfy her," Janet admitted. "I've had sex with other slaves as well, but I view myself as heterosexual. I much prefer sex with my Master than sex with other women."

"Alice, it's important to understand that as sex slaves, we crave sex all the time," I said. "Our sexuality belongs to our Dominant and when and where we have sex is up to them. Rhonda hasn't had sex since Tuesday, no matter how badly nor how much she wanted it. It's why she was so desperate to orgasm now. You will crave release from anyone. Despite Rhonda being a lesbian, she will beg to be fucked by my Master to get the sex she needs. Our Dominants see to it our needs are met for the most part, but if I'm not having a dozen orgasms a day, it's hard for me."

"You have a dozen orgasms a day?" Shasta asked, astounded.

"More most days," I replied. "The number is often up to my Master, but if permitted, I cum easily and often, even while being punished."

"I call bullshit," Shasta said.

"You might lose that bet," Rhonda said. "I made that bet and I ended up Domina's slave for a day, which I asked to make permanent when the day was over."

"We're in a constant state of arousal," Janet said. "It's not that hard to cum. It was witnessing Reneé cum while whipped which made me decide to explore my submission. If you were to check any of us slaves right now, you'd find out we're aroused. I'm wet all the time. I don't require foreplay to become ready for Master to use me. I'm always ready to fuck." Janet actually put her fingers in her pussy and showed them the dampness on them when she pulled them out. "Three minutes of fucking, and I'm ready to cum."

"You cum if you're whipped and I'll start work for you Monday," Shasta said. "That's the biggest pile of horse shit I've ever heard."

"I'll take that bet," I said. "Pick the slave you want whipped and the Dominant to whip them."

Shasta looked at the various parties around the pool. Rhonda had just cum, so she was eliminated. Janet had already admitted to cumming while whipped. I made the bet, so she was reluctant to pick me. That left Lisa, but to throw it off, she wanted someone else to whip her other than her Master.

"I'll take Lisa as the whipped and Chen to whip her," Shasta said.

"Master," Lisa said. "Do you have an objection to Chen whipping me?"

"No," he said. "I'm sure Chen will look after your needs, slave."

We all went to the bedroom and I removed the St. Andrews cross from under the bed, standing it up. I fastened Lisa to the cross facing outward. I hoped Chen remembered to cut back a little from what he normally used on the back or buttocks when he whipped Janet. I kissed her. I handed the whip to Chen.

"Wait a minute," Shasta said. "How will I know she isn't faking an orgasm?"

"If you stick your fingers in her cunt when she says she's climaxing, do you think you can tell if she's actually cumming?" I asked.

"Yeah, I can tell."

"Then you may test her when she says she's cumming."

Shasta nodded. 

"Go ahead Master Chen. Whip my sister slave."

Chen tested the whip on himself first, like a good Master, finding something he was comfortable with. I was pleased to note he chose to strike her at something less than he'd found for himself. Red stripes appeared on Lisa's stomach. She barely squirmed in her bonds, so I felt comfortable she would enjoy the experience. I stood behind my slave and fondled her body again. She was cumming soon after I started. Shasta noted her squirming in my arms.

Chen whipped Lisa's stomach and thighs first, about five blows to each, then addressed Lisa's breasts, including her nipples, leaving them marked in stripes. Lisa really started wriggling and writhing as her breasts were whipped. She whimpered, though it sounded more like an aroused whimper than a painful one to my attuned ears. Good for Chen. He started moving down her belly again, getting closer to her sex. 

After receiving a smack over her mons, Lisa said, "Master, may I have permission to cum?"

Master said, "You may cum freely for the rest of the night, slave."

"Thank you, sir."

"Prepare to shove your fingers in her cunt, Shasta," I warned. "It won't be long now."

Shasta glanced at me and moved closer to Lisa. Chen struck her twice more, the last one a rather light one over her clit and Lisa shuddered. "I'm cumming," she moaned.

Chen stopped and Shasta moved close to Lisa and stuck two fingers up her pussy and Lisa began cumming harder. It looked like Lisa's orgasm went on for over a minute and Shasta never removed her fingers from Lisa's pussy as she spasmed. Her fingers were inundated with Lisa's cum.

"Fuck!" Shasta said. "If I hadn't seen and felt it for myself, I'd never have believed it. Fine, you got yourself a new employee, but I want 3%, not 2. Un fucking believable."

I nodded, agreeing to her price. I noticed Shasta enjoyed that phrase.

Alice asked, "Did she really cum?" Unable to believe the evidence of her own eyes.

Shasta showed Alice her slime covered fingers. "She climaxed hard. Have you got a towel to wipe my hands off."

"I have something better; a slave. Rhonda, please lick Shasta's hand clean."

Rhonda took Shasta's hand and individually licked each finger, then tongued the palm and back of her hand to clean it all off except for her saliva. I myself cleaned my sister slave, releasing her when she was clean. Janet was kneeling at the feet of her Master sucking him off, finishing him with a flourish when he exploded in her mouth, grunting. She tucked him back in his shorts when she was finished.

"Why don't we go back to the pool again," Master suggested. "Julia you can make good on your previous offer."

"Yes, sir. Come along everyone. Wine and snacks still await."

We all moved back to the pool. Chen and Janet took their wine into the hot tub. Of course, drinking wasn't the only thing they did. Janet's frequent moans attested to their other activities. While I served my Master, Shasta and Rhonda conversed. Alice listened to their conversation, but kept sneaking glances at Chen and Janet. It was obvious they were happy with one another, which seemed to confuse Alice. 

Master soon emptied himself in my mouth and I cleaned up behind myself, tucking him after so I wouldn't offend our guests more than we had. I went around to everyone offering more wine. 

As I poured more for Alice, she asked, "Are you really happy?"

"I'm the happiest I've ever been in my life," I answered honestly. "Master originally offered me my slavery for three weeks to see if the fantasies I read about in my favorite novels was equal to the reality of being a sex slave. I was devastated when it was about to end. I wanted it to continue in the worst way."

"And you believe Janet is happy?"

"Doesn't she look happy? Chen is a very nice man and an excellent Master. You saw how he made Lisa cum when he whipped her. I'm sure Janet enjoys her servitude to him. If he was truly abusive like her previous boyfriend, we would never have recommended she date him. What we do as sex slaves has nothing to do with abuse, though it may seem so to the casual outsider who doesn't understand who we are. She's cherished by her Master, Chen. He offered to marry her after a couple weeks as her Master. He loves her with all of his heart. Of course, I don't know what she was like before. I only met her when she started dating Chen. She loves him as deeply as he does her. Do you know she offered to let her Master fuck Rhonda when her virginities were taken. She wanted him to have the best fucking of his life after he asked her to move in with him. Master and Chen double penetrated Rhonda together, Master in her cunt and Chen in her ass. It was beautiful. Even Rhonda loved it and she's not fond of cock." 

"She did? You don't care if your husband fucks other women?" 

"I'd care if he fucked non-slaves without my knowledge or consent. Slaves are fair game to both of us. The most important thing in my life is my Master's happiness. If I see to his happiness, he sees to mine. He didn't have to let me have my own slave. But if I ensure he's happy, he won't stray. Can you imagine him leaving this for another woman? He has no need to do so. I know this whole situation probably weirds you out. I understand. It's going to be most people's initial reaction. But try to understand for your sister. Your understanding, respect and acceptance of her relationship choices will help seal the loving bond between you. You don't have to want to be a slave yourself, just know it's what she wants and needs."

"I should go soon. My husband will wonder what's happened to me."

I hugged her. She flinched a little at being hugged by a naked woman. 

"I hope you'll decide to work for us. I'm sure Janet would enjoy seeing you more often. If you get paid more, I'm sure your husband will enjoy the extra income. You won't have to work evenings or weekends."

Suddenly, Alice began crying. The tears started and wouldn't stop.

"Please Julia, take me away. Don't let Janet see me crying."

I said loud enough for all to hear me, "I'm going to show Alice the restroom. We'll be back shortly," then I hurried her away.

As soon as I had her in the house, I asked, "What's wrong, Alice?"

"I think my husband is having an affair."

"What makes you think so?"

"Lipstick on his collar, unexplained absences, the scent of an unknown perfume on his clothes."

"What are you going to do?"

"I don't know."

"What do you want to do? Stay with him, figure it out, leave him?"

"I don't know."

"Why don't you want to let Janet know what's going on with your life?"

"It seems stupid. You told me she just let her fiancé fuck that gorgeous black woman out by the pool and I'm bitching about my husband sleeping around."

"Oh, Alice it's not the same thing at all," I said, patting her shoulder, "Chen fucking Rhonda was a gift of love from her to him, done with her knowledge and consent. He wasn't sneaking around behind her back fucking who knows who. I'd divorce my husband if he did the same thing. It might seem stupid to you that I'd let him fuck other people but would leave him if he did so behind my back, but it's vastly different to me. It should be to anyone. It's disrespectful. It means he doesn't give a shit about your feelings at all. Janet knows this. Please, talk to her."

"You think so?"

"Of course. She's your family. Let me get her for you."

"Okay."

I went outside and explained that Alice was having issues and wished to speak to Janet. Janet climbed out of the hot tub and went with me back to the house. She saw Alice crying and rushed to her, hugging her. This time, Alice didn't flinch when a naked person hugged her; it was her sister.

"Alice, what's wrong?" Janet asked.

"Alex is having an affair," she sobbed. "Even tonight, he said he was working late, but he'll come back to the house late, smelling of sex and cheap perfume."

"Oh, Alice. I'm so sorry. What can I do to help? Do you need a place to stay? I'll ask Chen. I'm sure he wouldn't mind letting you stay with us."

"I don't want to impose," Alice said.

"You're not imposing, you're family. It will give you time to decide what you want to do."

"Wait one," I said. "Let me call an attorney. If you decide to leave him, you might want to do certain things to protect yourself."

Alice nodded tearfully and I called Zoe.

"Hello, Julia. To what do I owe this pleasure?"

"Zoe, I'm sorry to disturb you, but Janet's sister believes her husband, Alex, is having an affair and is considering moving out of the house. Could you please talk to her and tell her what she might need to do to protect herself?"

"Sure, hand her the phone." 

I sat Alice down at the dining room table and handed her the phone. Janet stood behind her, rubbing her shoulders while I got her a glass of water, sitting down beside her when I brought it. For the next ten or fifteen minutes, Alice mostly said yes or no to the things Zoe was asking or talking about. Apparently, at one point she was asked about work, because she said 'part time' then after a few more nos or yeses, she said 'Julia offered me a full time job with benefits', then an 'okay' at some point. Then a 'yes, Janet's house', by which I suspected she was being asked if she had a safe place to stay. She could stay here if Chen wasn't agreeable, but I couldn't imagine him saying no.

Eventually, Alice thanked her and handed the phone back to me.

"Listen, Julia. I gave her what advice I could. I'm going to text you the name of a good divorce attorney in Fresno in the event she decides to go that route. The most important thing is having a place to stay if this should somehow become violent. She said she can stay with her sister, so that's good."

"She could stay with me if need be. She could have Lucia's room."

"Good. She still doesn't know what she wants to do. It's a big, life altering, decision, so I don't blame her. I told her to start a diary of things she believes is documentation of an affair. I don't think it's necessary to hire a private detective yet." 

"Perhaps our resident police officer could help."

Zoe laughed. "You've still got your slave then."

"Yes. She seems to be enjoying herself."

"Give her my number in case she has any more questions prior to hiring a divorce attorney."

"Thank you, Zoe."

"You owe me, Julia."

"You know I'm good for it."

Zoe laughed and hung up.

Alice said, "Your friend said California is a community property state and I don't need to worry too much about division of assets, but she suggested before I move out, I get a snapshot of the amount of money in each of our accounts in case Alex tries to move money out and hide it. She also said I should start planning for a future without him, just in case, which means a full time job with benefits. I'll be starting work on Monday."

"We're happy to have you, Alice."

"Janet, if you'll check with Chen, I may need to take you up on your offer of a place to stay, but I'm not going to move out yet. I plan to think about my options for the next week or so and decide what's best for me."

"I'd appreciate it if we don't tell anyone except possibly Chen what's going on."

"Mums the word," I said. Janet mimed zipping her mouth closed.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"Why don't you use my bathroom to fix your make-up, so it doesn't look as though you've been crying. We'll just tell the others you have some women troubles. That's usually enough to make men quit asking questions."

"Thank you."

I showed her the way to the bathroom and then Janet and I went outside. I warned her to speak to Chen in private.

"Alice has decided to take up our offer of employment," I said. "She starts on Monday."

"What was the problem?" Master asked. "You were gone quite a while."

"Woman troubles. You don't want to know, sir" I said.

"No, I probably don't."

"She's finishing up now. It's all good."

Alice came out ten minutes later; said goodbye to everyone and left. She whispered thank you to me as she hugged me. She told Shasta she was looking forward to working with her. Shasta took her leave shortly after, saying she'd see us on Monday. That was the men's cue to remove their clothing. Janet and Chen left thirty minutes later after they helped finish the bottle of wine. They didn't have to drive. 

With everyone else gone, we adjourned to the bedroom where Master first fucked Rhonda as she licked Lisa. After I got him hard again, he fucked me while Lisa and Rhonda played together. Since it was late, we settled into bed for the night.

******

Alice and Shasta both showed up for work on Monday morning. I put Shasta in charge of Janet and Alice. Lisa and Reneé worked with me. Shasta was as good working with wood as Lucia had been, but more accustomed to power tools. She could work off Master's plans as well as I could. She used the other two for any heavy lifting and sat down frequently, to get the doctor recommended rest she was required to take. Since much of our job could be done, sitting or kneeling on the floor, it didn't slow work at all. We really started cranking out our product, those three working on one piece, while the other three worked on another. I put Alice with her so she could learn from a highly experienced carpenter and so she could work with her sister. I kept two more experienced workers because I was definitely slowing down. 

At lunch, Shasta and Alice had both brought a lunch and took them out to eat.

"I'm sorry I didn't tell you earlier, but you're welcome to eat with us if you wish, if you don't mind mostly salads for lunch. You're welcome to heat up food in the microwave if you want hot food or leftovers you bring from home. We mostly eat together unless someone has an errand to run at lunch. Sometimes Janet will go next door for something."

"I'll keep it mind for tomorrow," Shasta said, holding up a sandwich. "This will get dry if I don't eat it today."

Both of the newcomers chose to wear clothes for working. I think they were both wondering about us working nude. I think they wanted to see what we did. When they saw we weren't having sex with each other constantly, nor acting in the slightest bit unprofessional except for our nudity, they relaxed a little, figuring we weren't going to attack them like sex starved lesbians. 

It lasted about two weeks. We kept the house warmer to allow for our nudity. They were hotter than we were due their clothes. By the end of the first week, they were stripping down to their underwear. We let them shower or use the pool for a quick dip before they went home. The second week, both of them came to work wearing bikinis with a cover-up for driving. 

On the second Friday, Shasta said, "Fuck this," and she stripped off her swimsuit. Alice looked at her for about five minutes as Shasta started working bare ass naked, and without another word removed her clothes as well. It made the drive home more comfortable. They could shower or swim for a couple minutes, dry off and go home in dry clothes. From then on, they came to work, got naked like the rest of us, then put their clothes on after a quick shower or dip and headed home. They were always dressed or gone before Master got home.

One month after Rhonda's slavery started, she asked to continue. After conferring, both Lisa and Master agreed she was a welcome addition to our home and we could continue indefinitely. To celebrate, Rhonda got another double penetration fucking, Master in her cunt, and me with the strapless vibrator fucking her ass. The following day, she gave notice she was vacating her apartment and changed to our address at her work as her primary address.

******

We didn't hear any more about Alice's troubles for a month. On a Wednesday night, she asked to speak to Janet and I after work. After Reneé and Shasta went home, we sat around the dining room table while Lisa and Rhonda made supper in the kitchen. 

"I've been writing everything down in a diary which made me suspect Alex was having an affair as Zoe suggested. I confronted Alex with it yesterday. He denied everything despite the evidence I had. I even had pictures of lipstick on his collar. Said it got there when women would lean over in a meeting and whisper something during the meeting. Said it's all in my imagination. I swear he'd deny he was having an affair if I came home and caught him in bed with another woman. I didn't realize how often he was gone in the evenings due to my part time job, but he's gone four nights a week. Says he's working late or out with friends. He's a disgusting liar."

"Have you decided what you want to do?" Janet said. 

"I want a divorce. I've contacted the attorney Zoe recommended and he's going to file a petition. I've made copies of our bank and brokerage statements so I know how much money we have."

"Are you sure you don't want to try counseling, see if you can resolve the problems in your marriage?" I asked.

"If he'd admitted to an affair, I might have tried counseling, but if he won't even come clean with the evidence I have, fuck him. I'm too tired to care anymore. I was wondering if I could move in with you tomorrow, Janet?"

"Master said it would be okay if you live with us, Alice, as long as you understand the rules we follow in our household. Both of us are naked all the time and he frequently fucks me in places other than our bedroom. You don't have to be nude yourself, nor are you expected to have sex with anyone, but be aware it's going to happen and not be shocked by it."

"I've been working nude for two weeks. Hell, I wouldn't even care if Chen fucked me. It would serve that asshole Alex good to know two people can play his fucking games."

"You can't fuck my Master, Alice. Like Julia, we've adopted similar rules. I will allow Master to fuck other slaves, but not anyone else who isn't a slave. I certainly can't have sex with you anyway. You're my sister and it would be incest. I'd feel odd if Master fucked you, because you are my sister. It would be like him fucking our mother or something."

"I'm not saying I want to fuck your fiancé. I merely point out it would serve Alex right for him to be the cuckold for once."

"Do you think you need further evidence of his infidelity for your divorce?" I asked. "I have a slave who could probably help get the goods on him."

"My divorce lawyer says I probably have enough, but I'd like to catch him in the act and find out who he's fucking."

"Rhonda, could you please join us for a minute or two"

She came to the dining room and said, "Yes, Domina."

"Janet strongly believes her husband is cheating on her and would like to find out who he's cheating with. Would you help us catch who it is in your off hours. We don't know anything about surveillance and tailing someone. Lucia was our expert when it came to that."

"Whatever you wish, Domina. I could help. We'd need a long lens camera and it's preferable to use two vehicles at least to tail someone. Three is better."

"My Master has a digital camera with a long lens," Janet said. "Photography is kind of his hobby."

"It would need to be in the evenings, or weekends, Alice. Rhonda needs to sleep during the day and she goes to work at midnight." 

"Alex works during the day, so I suspect most of his bullshit goes on at night or weekends anyway," Alice said.

"Why don't we discuss it with Master tonight, Rhonda," I said. "Do you need to go home, Alice?"

"Fuck no. He's 'working' late tonight." She put her fingers up forming quotation marks when she said working. She started to cry a little again and Janet put her arms around her.

"Stay for dinner then, Alice," I said. "Lisa, do we have enough food tonight for three extra guests?" I asked.

"We can stretch it that far if I add another vegetable and more salad."

"Janet, why don't you and Chen come tonight as well. If we need to use several different vehicles to tail him, we have our car, Master's truck and Chen's truck."

"We can use my car as well, Domina," Rhonda said. "That gives us four different cars to do this with."

Alice sniffed, trying to dry her tears. "Why does Rhonda call you Domina, Julia?"

"You know I'm her Mistress. We didn't feel Mistress was an appropriate title for someone who is herself a slave. Our friend Lucia said the ancient Romans used the title, Domina, to address a slave who trained other slaves. Or Dominus if the slave was male. Thus, she calls me Domina."

Master came through the door by the rear entry. "Honey's, I'm home."

Alice hadn't put her clothes back on before our talk. "Wait there, Master. Alice isn't dressed yet."

"Okay, but hurry. I need to use the bathroom."

"Fuck it. I don't care if he see's me naked. Go ahead, Scott," Alice called out. "It's your house. Come in if you want."

Master stuck his head around the corner, peeking. "Are you sure?"

"My husband is fucking around on me. Serves him right if I sit around in my birthday suit with other adults."

"I'm sorry to hear that," Master said, ducking across the doorway. "Be happy to talk about it when I'm done."

"Feel free to dress comfortably, Scott, since I've been asked to supper," Alice said. "If you want to dress normally, it's fine by me.

Master looked at me. I nodded and said, "Janet and Chen are coming too, sir. Janet's about to go home and tell him. Rhonda is going to discuss how to get the goods on him."

Master nodded and left. Janet left as well to get her Master. When Master joined us, he joined us in all of his splendor, giving each of his slaves a kiss. Chen and Janet came about fifteen minutes later. Seeing everyone else was bare, including his future sister-in-law, Chen stripped too.

I was fed by Master tonight. Alice was a little surprised when I sat in his lap and he fed me pieces of food between bites for himself. She was even more surprised when Master finger fucked me to two quick orgasms at the conclusion of the meal. Alice had previously been exposed to a little of our life when she came over for her interview, but nothing since. She saw how unashamed I was to cum in front of others. When I had Rhonda suck Master off, she was less startled by our behavior by this point, but still amazed we were so open about sex. Rhonda was happy to get Master off, as this was usually her only outlet to receiving orgasms herself. After she cleaned Master off, she took a seat and explained what we would need to do to catch Alex in the act of cheating. It was one of the few times she wasn't totally subservient as she started going into her professional mode.

"It would be best if we tail Alex from home instead of work. It may be most of you are still working yourselves when he leaves work, although as a last resort, I could try tailing him from work, but it's usually better if multiple cars are involved in trying to tail someone. Subconsciously, unless you're totally oblivious to what's going on around you, you tend to notice a car of the same make, model and color following you for a lengthy period of time. It's worse at night where the same headlamp style will really stick out in your rearview mirror.

"If possible, you want to stay two or three cars behind as much as possible, but that's difficult when your suspect turns and you're the only one turning with them. That's where it's beneficial to have another car or truck pick up the tail so you can drop out. Even if someone is driving straight and you're a few cars behind, it's helpful not to continue tailing someone much past two or three miles. When they stop, or pull over, you need to drive past them. Stopping behind someone else is suspicious as hell."

"That's how we were sure someone was following us to LA. Lucia made Master pull over and since he was by himself and had to pull over as well, we knew we were being followed," I said.

"Yes, so it's very important the tailing teams are in constant contact, probably using cell phones since we don't have radios available to us. We let another car know he stopped and where so someone else can pick up the tail. The same applies to stake outs. The same vehicle sitting around with people in it becomes obvious after awhile. Sit low in the vehicle and switch vehicles on occasion so the same car doesn't sit in the same place. Unless you've got a van to set up for surveillance, you almost have to do it that way. And if it's the same type and color van all the time, you will get made. I'd like to make a suggestion to Alice. I heard you planned on moving out. Don't do it yet."

"Why?" Alice asked.

"Once you move out, Alex can do anything he wants. If he wants to sleep with someone else, the court will recognize you're intending to divorce. You want to do it before he knows, so everyone knows he was cheating on you."

"I can barely stand being around him anymore. I haven't had sex with him since I started working here."

"Does she really need to do any of this stuff if this is a community property, no fault divorce state?" Master asked.

"It's only no fault if both parties agree to the divorce. If Alex wants to remain married, the court can prescribe marital counseling for some period of time to ensure the break up is irrevocable. If you want to the divorce to be over quickly, you need to have grounds for divorce. Infidelity works. So does sexual, emotional or physical abuse, drugs or alcoholism. The court doesn't expect you to try repairing a marriage with a cheating spouse," Rhonda said.

"Isn't fucking around with other people emotional abuse?" Alice asked.

"It is if you have proof he's fucking around, hence what we're trying to prove."

Alice went to her purse and got the diary she'd been working on. She showed it to Rhonda.

"This is what I have so far." 

Rhonda paged through the diary, reading sundry entries. "Is Alex salaried or wage earning?"

"Salaried. Why does it make a difference?" Alice asked. 

"All these extra hours worked. If he earns wages, he should get more money for overtime worked. If he's salaried, it wouldn't show up as extra pay."

After reading it, Rhonda closed it. "It's compelling, but not conclusive. If you have the right judge, he'd probably accept Alex is a cheat. The wrong one, not so much."

"So what do I do?" 

"If he tells you he has to work late or leaves in the evening to go drinking with his buddies, you need to tell us as soon as you can. If he's leaving from work, I can try to get there before he leaves. Hopefully, someone else can pick him up before he realizes I'm tailing him. Leaving from your house is better because it's usually later in the evening or on a weekend and we'll all be available to work him."

"And I have to remain with the prick?"

"If you want to claim infidelity, you may have to. Once you've moved out of the house, the court won't care who he fucks. The question becomes does he also want the divorce, or will he fight you on it?"

"I would think if he wanted a divorce, he'd have admitted to his infidelity and we could just part ways. If he's denying it, he must want to remain married for some reason. I don't know why. I'm barely speaking to him."

"Maybe he wants to stash money prior to the divorce so he doesn't lose half of everything?" Rhonda said.

"Zoe suggested he might try. I'm making copies of our accounts once a week so I can see if money disappears."

"Let me and the divorce attorney know if he tries anything like that. I may be able to get his accounts frozen and she can slap him with his divorce papers immediately."

"Okay."

"From here on in, call us if you have any problems. Don't remain with him if he becomes emotionally, physically, or sexually abusive. Move in with Janet and he can be arrested for either of the last two."

"What would constitute sexual abuse?" Alice asked.

"If he forces you. Even married you still have the right to say no. If he does something like spank you preparatory to sex, it can be viewed as abusive."

"That's the same behavior you people engage in on a regular basis," Alice said.

"It's consensual. The law recognizes a lot of things as legal if it's consensual. You can't kill someone as part of your sex play, or maim them, but other than that, there's a lot of latitude. It can be different depending on the jurisdiction, but if no one is complaining, it's generally okay."

Alice nodded. "It would almost be worth the divorce lasting longer if I could move out now."

"That's up to you," Janet said. "You have our support no matter what you decide."

Alice thought for awhile, then said, "Fuck it. I'll tough it out a little longer."

Janet squeezed her hand.

******

We didn't get a call from Alice on Thursday. A good thing as it was Master's and Lisa's poker night and it was at our house. I didn't make Rhonda serve the winners. Instead she was part of the snacks. I tied her tightly to the dining room table, then blindfolded her. Whenever someone folded early or during any breaks they took, Rhonda was available to be licked orally. Like most slaves, being confined really released her to enjoy her sexuality as she had no choice in the matter. For three and a half hours, the players would wander over and lick her. Even the other slaves took an occasional turn. More often than not, she'd orgasm, squirming delightfully as they took turns tasting her delicious cum. I released her at 10:30 to shower and rest before she had to work. She could barely stand when I untied her, being restricted to a single position and the intensity of her orgasms leaving her weak. There was a puddle of her cum under her buttocks when I released her.

"Did you enjoy that, slave?" I asked. "Really makes the tension melt away."

"Fuck yes, Domina."

"I always find being tied and blindfolded makes me cum harder."

"Why?"

"Because we can hold nothing back. We have no choice but to surrender to our sexuality. Being tied down frees me to be the biggest slut I can be, and not knowing who's licking or fucking me makes it more erotic."

I helped her shower and she lay down on the bed for fifteen minutes before she had to get up and dress for work. The poker game was breaking up after she left.

"That was the tastiest snack you put out to eat tonight," Regina said.

Edward and Rob echoed her sentiments.

"I'm glad you enjoyed her. Something different for her." 

"I wouldn't mind if she served as a snack every week," Jerry said. "Nor did Reneé mind dining on her cunt."

"I like to mix things up a little. I don't want her to get used to anything too much, Masters."

I kissed everyone goodbye as they left, then joined Lisa in fucking my Master before he went to sleep. He allowed Lisa and I to fuck as he went to sleep, provided we were quiet. Our cries of pleasure were smothered in each others cunts as Master slept.

******

On Friday, Alice called to say that Alex was going drinking with his buddies at seven. It didn't give us time to eat, so we put the food away. Rhonda and I went in her car, Lisa and Janet went in our car and Master and Chen went in Chen's truck. They stopped to get Subway sandwiches for the rest of us while we started our tail job. Janet knew the way to Alice's house so we followed her to get there before seven. The slaves dressed appropriately for driving out in public, but none of us had underthings on.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
Rhonda initiated a group phone call. "I'm going to start the tail job. Both of the other cars need to park about a block away from Alice's. I'll be as far back as I can be to start the tail since we're in a residential area. If we reach an area with more traffic, I'll try to situate myself two or three cars behind Alex. The next one on the tail stay two or three cars behind me. That puts four to six cars between you and Alex, making you pretty obscure. I want another car on a parallel road running as even as you can to Alex. Being a few cars behind Alex means I could lose him at a traffic light, but hopefully we can catch up at the next one, but if not the parallel car can get behind him and pick up the tail if we can't. They should be on the same traffic light cycle.

"If Alex makes a turn on another street, I'll go past the street reading off the street name he turned on. The car following me will make the turn and we'll turn on the next street running parallel. The previous parallel vehicle needs to get into position to take over as the second trail car. We'll leave the phone call going while we're driving, so make sure you plug your phones in." 

"This is more complicated than I thought," Master said.

"It's a good thing Alex isn't a spy or it would be hard as hell to tail him. Hopefully, he's not expecting anything and is rather oblivious and doesn't try to break our tail. We should be doing enough to stay off his radar."

We were parked a half block away from Alice's house by 6:45 PM. Rhonda cancelled the phone call while we waited, scrunched down in the seat so it wasn't blatantly obvious there were people in the car. I followed her example. She called the police department while we waited.

"Dispatch, this is Sergeant Meadows, badge number 692. I'm running a private surveillance. If you get any phone calls of suspicious vehicles involving my vehicle or a white Kia Cadenza, or tan Ford F150, license plates..." She rattled off our plate numbers, "...please ignore. They are also involved in the surveillance. Please notify Sheriff of same in event we leave Fresno jurisdiction."

"Copy, Sergeant Meadows." He read back the information which Rhonda confirmed. "Purpose of surveillance."

"Friend believes she has a cheating spouse. I'm trying to confirm for her."

"10-4, Sergeant. Good hunting."

After hanging up, Rhonda said, "Hopefully we won't have a police officer giving us away coming to the car to question us."

At 7:05, Alice called and said Alex was leaving. Rhonda sat up and started the car. "Call the others and let them know we're moving." A minute later, a red Mustang pulled out of Alice's driveway. 

"That should be fairly easy to follow," Rhonda said. "Let the others know we're following a red Mustang tonight and heading West on Fedora. The tail lights on Mustangs are very distinctive. It will help."

We continued for a block, the street dead ending on Ezie. Alex turned left.

"We don't need to turn in the opposite direction do we?"

"No, not when there are limited choices. Most of the cars would have to go one way or the other. We're okay turning left. Just don't want to be right on his six."

"Six?" I asked. 

"Right behind him. Master, go right one block on Dayton to Stanford and parallel Ezie going south."

"Check," Master responded. 

We followed to the access road beside Shields, turned right and got on Shields at Stanford going east towards the airport. Master was behind us now. Traffic on Shields was heavy this time of day, so Rhonda slowly let Alex get several cars ahead of us. She kept up a running commentary of what she was doing so everyone knew. 

"Okay, this is the first place we need to be careful. When Alex pulls off, I'm going to keep going straight. Lisa, you'll follow after, Master after you. I'll make the next exit after and circle around to you."

Alex turned north on Clovis, while we went straight Airways, past the airport to where it curved to the North on Peach which was going in the same direction as Clovis. 

"Alex is turning left on Ashlan Avenue," Lisa said. "I'm going straight, Master's got his tail now."

"We can't get on Ashlan off Peach. We need the next left after," Rhonda said.

"Never mind that, he's turning right on Minnewawa," Master said.

"You have to stick with him, Master," Rhonda said. "No one else is in position now. We'll cut right on Gettysburg and try to get behind you. Don't make another turn with him, no matter what. Lisa, come right up Peach and take a right on Santa Ana."

"We might lose him if he makes another turn," I said.

"If we do, we do, Domina. If he's paying attention, another turn by Chen's truck would be a dead giveaway. Hopefully he turns left if he does turn, but he's heading toward residential sections so maybe we can pick him up again."

The second we turned on Minnewawa, Rhonda asked, "Master, where are you now?"

"We're on the traffic light on Shaw. Alex is still going straight."

Rhonda sped up a little, hopefully not enough to draw attention for speeding. A few minutes later, Master said, "He's turning left on Barstow. I'm going straight."

"Shit. Lisa if you haven't passed it yet, turn left on Villa. Get up to Barstow as quick as you can without breaking traffic laws."

"You told me just in time. Turning left on Villa."

It was three minutes before we could turn left on Barstow. Master had turned left on W Tenth and headed back to Barstow on Lind. We didn't see any Mustang tail lights.

"Call Alice, Domina. See if she knows about any friends or drinking buddies who live anywhere near Barstow and Minnewawa."

I called Alice on my phone, putting it on speaker and asked her if she knew of anyone who lived near there. 

"My best friend lives in the Del Parque Apartments right off Barstow."

Rhonda and I looked at each other. "What's the apartment number?" Rhonda asked.

Alice told us and we told the others. "Look around the Del Parque Apartments, find building 203, see if you can find the Red Mustang."

A minute later, Master said, "I found it."

"Park there. The rest of us will swing by and get our subs. I suggest Master get in his own car and Janet get in Chen's. It's more common for a couple to sit in a car than a couple men. Chen and Janet will have first watch since Chen has the camera. I'll give you a small pair of binoculars. In an hour, Domina and I will take over if he's still here. You can kiss and talk while you're sitting in the car; it looks normal. The apartment is 212 which would be the second floor. It should be directly above 112. Take the long lens camera, Chen and shoot the apartment door. Make sure the camera is all dialed in. We want to catch any interactions he has at the door."

"Got it," Master replied. 

We all met at the truck. Master and Janet changed vehicles and we all got our subs. Rhonda parked a couple buildings away. I was starving, so the first thing I did was eat. I had a spicy Italian, and Rhonda had a roast beef. We were done eating in twenty minutes and had time to kill.

I looked at Rhonda. She had a suspicious line under her dress. "You aren't wearing underwear, are you?"

"Yes, Domina."

"Why?"

"Because I left the house, Domina."

"Not to go to work. We left on private business. Give them to me now." Rhonda hesitated. "Do you want to wear the Slave Trainer tonight?"

Rhonda quickly slid them off and handed them to me. No one wants to wear the Slave Trainer.

"The bra, too."

"Domina, I'd have to raise my dress above my tits to remove it."

"You have thirty seconds. I'll not repeat myself."

Rhonda took a quick look around the car. The parking lot was busy, but no one seemed to be paying particular attention to us. As fast as she could, Rhonda raised her dress above her breasts, released the front clasp of her bra, exposing her hard nipples, slipped it off one arm, lowered the dress and pulled the bra out of the sleeve of her other arm. Less than ten seconds, all told, from start to finish. Well done.

"Unless you're going to work or exercise, your cunt is to be bare and available to me or anyone else. We haven't gone out much since you've joined us. Perhaps we need to go to Luigi's and have you suck cock and lick cunt under the tablecloths. You're not a part time slave. You're my slave full time. I only make allowances for your work."

"Yes, Domina."

"I should make you get on the floor of the car and lick my cunt."

"Please, Domina; it's too busy out here."

I suppose there had to be some limits as to what I'd make my police officer slave do in public.

"Fine, but we're going to kiss and I'm going to finger your cunt. You can keep your dress pulled down."

We leaned towards each other and kissed. I slipped a hand between her legs and Rhonda gasped when my fingers penetrated her pussy.

Master said, "The phone lines are still open."

"Enjoy the show, Master."

I gave Rhonda three earth shattering orgasms during the next fifteen minutes, keeping half an eye open for anyone who might be paying too much attention to what was going on in the car. Rhonda was quite vocal during each one, giving the others quite the sound show with her moans and whimpers. I fed her my fingers after the last one.

"Fuck, I'm hard as a rock," Master muttered.

"You have a slave in the car with you, Master," I said. "There's a car throw in the back seat. Lisa can lie in your lap with the throw over her and she'll take care of your problem."

For the next five minutes we enjoyed the slurping sounds of Lisa over Master's cock, his panting breaths, the stifled moan as he released. 

"You need to take our place," Chen said. "We can't do anything while we're watching."

"On our way, Master Chen," Rhonda said, starting the car.

We made our way over and finding a spot with a view of the apartment, and parked. She got the camera and binoculars, and they left. Rhonda took a couple photos of Alex's car and the surroundings. She took another photo of the apartment door to make sure the camera was set up for a fast shot. She handed me the camera. 

"I'll watch with the binoculars, you take the photos when I say, Domina. If you hold the shutter button down, it will take a shitload of pictures, a few of which might be useful."

As we were both on surveillance duty and Rhonda was keeping a constant eye on the apartment door, we couldn't do anything, but we heard both Chen and Janet cum, then Lisa. I still hadn't cum and I was getting horny as hell, listening to the others have sex. 

About halfway into our shift, someone knocked on my car window. I rolled the window down. 

"What are you doing here?"

"Waiting for a friend who get's off work at ten," Rhonda said. "Why is it any of your business?"

"I'm the manager. Why do you need binoculars and a camera?" 

"My friend is interested in buying rental properties. We're checking to see how busy this one is and taking pictures of things which might need improvement."

Getting the idea of where Rhonda was going with this, I said, "For instance, I think by repaving and repainting the parking lot, you could get another dozen parking spaces in here. It could also use an exterior paint job."

"I haven't heard the owner is looking to sell."

"He may not be. My friend hasn't made an offer yet," Rhonda replied. "We still need to work the numbers; see if it's financially viable. We'll be out of here in thirty minutes, though my friend may want to look around himself." 

She sounded so convincing, explaining why we'd be here and why someone else might be here after us.

"Can I get a business card?"

"We don't have one of his cards," I said. "Scott Rivers Construction. Look it up in the phone book, call, leave a message. He can call you back on Monday. If you see him later, you can ask him for one of his cards."

Our phone line was still open, so Master could hear our conversation; if he wasn't getting his cock sucked and paying attention. We could bring him up to speed when we switched out anyway. Satisfied, he went away.

"Very quick thinking, Domina."

"You too, slave."

We finished up our watch and Master and Lisa came to relieve us. We warned him about the apartment manager, the conversation which he'd heard anyway. Rhonda asked if he needed an explanation for how the camera worked and he said Chen showed him earlier. 

"Chances are, Alex will leave during the next hour or it's going to be midnight before he gets home," Rhonda said, "so be alert, sir."

We pulled away. Rhonda found a dark, dimly lit part of the parking lot, "just in case", she said. I smiled at her.

"Oh, yes, you're going to lick my cunt, slave. Activity is dying down, people are inside watching TV or out for the evening. I need to cum."

"We can still hear you," Chen said.

"Don't be jealous," I replied. "I heard you cum already."

I pushed my seat all the way back and pulled up my dress to waist level. "Get over here and take care of your Domina, slave." 

"Yes, Domina."

Rhonda got out of the drivers seat and got on the floor in front of me. Ten seconds after her tongue touched my twat, I was cumming. I orgasmed three more times, the last one particularly good. So good, I held her head against my pussy and ground her face in my cunt as I climaxed, drenching it in my cum. I pulled her up so I could kiss her and lick my cum from her lips. We kissed for several minutes. She was a really good slave.

"Alex is coming out of the apartment now," Master said. We heard the camera clicking in the background. "Holy shit. There are two women in the doorway kissing him goodbye. Are we going to follow him home?"

"No point, sir," Rhonda replied, returning to the drivers seat. "We got what we came for. We'll let Alice know he's on his way home, so to keep her eye out for any further evidence of what he was up to tonight and we'll speak to her on Monday."

Rhonda took a different route home so we wouldn't possibly run into Alex again. He lived on the same side of town, though we lived farther East, in a better, more exclusive section of town. 

When we got home, Master took the digital card from the camera to download the pictures. Chen and Janet went back to their house. From the looks of the bulge in Chen's pants, Janet was going to be fucked again, soon. Master said he'd return the card tomorrow after downloading the pictures onto his laptop. It was late, so after everyone showered, we went to bed, Master fucking all three of us to one orgasm before emptying himself in me. We snuggled together and went to sleep, all satisfied.

******

SCOTT

Saturday morning started with another round of fucking. We were up and making breakfast when there was a knock on the door. Rhonda opened the door and Alice stood there. It looked like she had been crying. Her eyes were red and teary looking. Lisa shrugged and put three more slices of bacon cooking and added two more eggs to the bowl of scrambled eggs and cheese she was preparing. Julia poured another cup of coffee and asked Alice to sit down, handing her the cup.

"What do you need, Alice?" Julia asked.

"I want to see the pictures you took last night."

"Why not wait until Monday?" Julia asked. "You're seeing us then anyway."

"Because if Alex is fucking my best friend, I want to know today, and I'll be moved out of my house before the day is over."

"Why do you think Alex is fucking your best friend?" I asked.

"We asked her who she knew anyone living in the area of Barstow and Minnewawa last night and she told us her best friend lived in the Del Parque Apartments. It's the obvious connection," Rhonda said.

I nodded. "We're going to eat first. We haven't had breakfast yet. Why don't you have some with us?"

"I don't think I can eat anything."

"Try. Lisa's already put some on and I'd hate for it to go to waste."

"Where's Alex now?" Julia asked.

"He said his boss wanted him to work today, and he was going into the office. I called up my friend and asked her if she wanted to go to the movie. She told me she had a date and couldn't go today." Alice started crying again. "A fucking date with my husband, the bitch!"

"Did she say that?" Rhonda asked.

"No, but I know it is. It can't be coincidence they're both busy at the same time."

Julia handed Alice a tissue. "I'm sorry, Alice. Sorry your husband is such a disgusting pig."

"Why do men have to fuck around?" Alice said. "Why can't they be satisfied with what they have at home?"

I didn't know what to tell her. I'd been faithful to Julia before her slavery, but I'd fucked close to a dozen other women since, and I liked it. I liked the variety, short, tall, black, white, soft or muscular, as young as Reneé to as old as Gwen and everything in between. I could have remained faithful, but I had to admit, the alternative was pretty damn nice. Fortunately, I suspected it was more a rhetorical question and not something I had to answer.

When we sat down to eat, Alice started by picking at her food, but soon developed enough of an appetite to finish it all. Nobody really knew what to say, so nothing much was said. Alice was sad and mad and we couldn't really help her. Our very lifestyle was the antithesis of what she wanted. It was loving and close, but involved multiple people.

After breakfast, I cranked up my laptop and downloaded the digital card to my Photos app. There were a number of photos Chen had taken of Janet in various sexual poses. I didn't delete those from his card, but deleted them from my laptop. I didn't need photos of Janet. I saw her naked frequently anyway. Alice and the others were watching over my shoulder and I think Alice appreciated I wasn't keeping naked photos of her sister on my computer. I erased the pictures from last night from the card and took it out. I started going through the other photos we'd taken, deleting the test photos we'd taken and anything which wasn't a quality shot where a better one existed. Whatever remained, I adjusted the exposure, shadows or highlight settings to show the people the best. We started scanning through one at a time.

"That bitch!" Alice exclaimed when we got to the first one of Alex leaving. A woman was visible in the doorway wearing a thin robe. I'd depressed the shutter and let it run, so there were another five or six showing Alex and the same woman beginning to kiss, his hand going to her breast and grabbing it. Then a second woman appeared, her arm going around the other woman's waist. She was also wearing a robe, terrycloth, but it wasn't securely closed and when she leaned up to kiss Alex, the robe opened to show she was naked beneath it. I heard Alice gasp behind me.

"What's the matter?" I asked

"She's another of my close friends," Alice said, crying again. "The bastard doesn't even pick strangers to fuck. He picks my friends instead."

Nothing to say to that.

The second woman then put her hand over Alex's, still on the other woman's breast and squeezed it as she kissed her. We were obviously witnessing the end of a ménage a trois; a threesome involving Alex and two other women, both friends of Alice. It couldn't get much worse for Alice. 

We went to the end of the photos, Alice silent for the rest. I heard a noise behind me and turned and Alice was removing her clothes, stripping down to the skin.

"I want you to fuck me, Scott."

"I can't fuck you. You're not a slave."

"I don't want to be a slave, I want to be fucked. I want pictures of me fucking. I want your cock in my mouth, my pussy and my ass, and I want to show those pictures to Alex, the asshole. I've already got 50% of his assets. I want to hurt him the way he hurt me. I want him to watch me getting fucked."

"I'm sorry, Alice, but if you're not a slave, I can't fuck you."

"Julia, you let him fuck other women. Why can't he fuck me?"

"Because I'm not allowed to fuck non-slaves anymore," Julia replied. "There has to be some balance or we're in an open marriage and neither of us wants that. This way, there's some control of who we have sex with."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 6|
--------------------------------------------
"You want balance? I'll balance it for you. I'll fuck everyone of you slaves, too. I'll fuck everyone in the house. I just want pictures of it all. I'm going to drop those pictures and his pictures in his fucking lap and tell him he's getting served with divorce papers Monday morning. I hope he bawls his eyes out when he sees me take it everywhere. I never let him fuck my ass, but I'll damn sure let you fuck it."

I looked at Julia and Lisa. They were both silent on the issue.

Rhonda spoke up. "I don't have the same rights as everyone else here, as I'm the slave of a slave, but if all three of you fuck her, isn't that enough? You have knowledge and consent of the parties involved. Why not? The asshole deserves a taste of his own medicine. Let Alice have her revenge. The only caution I throw out for you to consider is you only use pictures which only show Alice, with the rest of you with your faces hidden or cropped off. You've already had one madman after your hides. You don't need another one. If he doesn't know who the fuck you are it doesn't matter how he reacts.

I looked at Lisa and Julia again and they were slowly nodding their heads, yes.

"Go ahead, Master," Julia said. "Make her feel good."

"If there's a chance he reacts badly, shouldn't a police officer go with her when she goes to pick up her things? I'd like it to be you, Rhonda, but not if you're in any of the pictures. You can tell us how he takes the news."

"I shouldn't have any naked ass pictures of myself floating around Fresno anyway. I'll fuck her, but I don't need pictures of me fucking her."

"Okay, Alice. I'll fuck you, but you fuck all three slaves first. No one's face appears in any of the pictures, just yours. No pictures of Rhonda at all. This is a one time deal, so you get revenge on your husband. Those are the rules; take it or leave it?"

"It's a shame I can't have pictures of Rhonda, because Alex is a bit of racist and it would really get his goat to see me licking black cunt, but I'll take it."

"Use an iPhone for the pictures," I said. "I'll scrub the metadata off the photos even before printing them. I don't want any chance of this coming back on us."

I sent the three slaves into the bedroom with Alice to start. I finished cleaning up the photos we took last night, waiting to print them out for her while holding for the others. Five of them clear and good enough to give to Alex. An hour later, the three slaves came out.

"She's waiting for you, Master," Julia said.

"How did she do?" I asked.

"She did everything we wanted, and then some. I've no quibbles. She was inexperienced but wanted to perform for the camera, so she showed eagerness and enthusiasm. She even licked my ass."

"I want you to come back to the bedroom. I know how much you like putting my cock in a new cunt, and someone needs to take the pictures."

Julia kissed me. "Of course, Master. I'll be happy to introduce you to a new cunt."

We both entered the bedroom. Alice was sprawled out on the bed. Her legs were still parted from whoever she had sex with last. Alice had a full bush and a wide smile on her face. 

"The pièce de résistance," she giggled. "I have to admit the girls were more fun than I expected, but I do love a good cock." Alice crooked her finger, wiggling it, beckoning me to the bed. She seemed almost drunk.

"Julia always loves to put my cock into a fresh cunt for the first time," I said. 

"Well, mine's not too fresh after the fucking today, but other than your three slaves, it's gone unused for the last month."

"Alice, since you want to have pictures of cock in all three of your holes, why don't you start by sucking my Master's cock and get him hard. I'll take a few pictures as soon as he's erect."

"Happily. Come here, Scott. Let's see what you've got. Ooh, I like what I see so far." She grabbed hold of the base of my prick and pulled me towards her open mouth, enveloping it in her mouth. Alice might not have known what to do with a cunt, but she had no problem working her way around a cock. In no time at all, I heard Julia snapping pictures as Alice bobbed up and down my cock. She couldn't quite get it all the way down, but she was a prime cock sucker nonetheless. 

Her saliva dripped off the tip of my cock when she pulled off me and said, "You're bigger than Alex. You're going to go where no man has gone before. Are you ready to put this bad boy in its new home, Julia?"

"Are you ready to take him?"

"I was born ready for a cock like his."

Julia smiled. "Get in whatever position you want to take it."

Alice smiled and got on her back, spreading her legs again. "I'm a firm believer in the missionary position. Feel free to bend my legs back like a pretzel if you need to get deeper." 

"You seem pretty chipper for someone who was on the down side of rock bottom earlier," I said.

"A lot of orgasms will do that for you. It's like an opiate." She sighed and another tear tracked down her cheek. "Plus if I don't laugh, I'm going to cry."

I climbed onto the bed and climbed between Alice's legs. Julia got on the bed with me and she aimed me at my target, a soft wet pussy, dripping with her cum. I slid in all the way.

Alice began speaking a regular litany of utterances. She was apparently quite the talker. I don't know if she was always like this, or nervous from what she was doing. 

"Oh, fuck, Scott. Fuck me, that feels so good. It's almost worth learning my husband is a cheating liar to feel you inside me. You're so big. Take some good pictures, Julia. Cum in me, I want pictures of your cum dripping out of me." And more of the same. 

I didn't mind. Every woman was different, every pussy a new treat. Alice was a little softer, less toned than I was accustomed to, but a delight to plug. As Julia had said, she was enthusiastic and she promoted her level of enthusiasm with every statement and every motion. I did as she first suggested and put an arm under each of her legs, doubling her over.

"You're so fucking deep. I'm cumming. My God, you've got a magnificent cock. If my girlfriends he was fucking only knew what they were missing."

I stopped moving. "You can't tell them, Alice," I said. "I've already had one crazy freak after my women. I don't need another."

"No, no. I won't tell, I promise. Please, keep fucking me."

"Make sure you don't. I know you want revenge, but that's what the pictures are for. He doesn't need to know who we are."

"Honest. I won't tell."

Satisfied somewhat, I continued to slide in and out. She had two more orgasms before I emptied my balls in her. After I pulled out, she squeezed down, and a stream of cum pushed out of her pussy. I heard Julia taking pictures.

"Would you like my slave to clean you off?" I asked.

"No. If possible, I'd like cum to be leaking from both my pussy and my ass for the last shot."

"You need to suck my Master's cock back to hardness, Alice," Julia said. 

Alice immediately started licking and sucking my cum covered cock, Julia snapping several more pictures as it was cleaned, then as I grew again in her voracious mouth. 

Hard again, I asked, "Have you ever been fucked in the ass before?"

"Not once," Alice conceded, "but I'm definitely going for it now."

"We usually try to prepare someone for anal sex with anal plugs," I said. "It may hurt some to be fucked without preparation."

"Not as much as it will hurt him, seeing the pictures of it. I won't squawk about it. Just be careful and go slow."

Julia handed me the lube from the bedside table. I smeared generous amounts on her crinkled star and my cock. 

"Perhaps you should drive the action this time, since it's your first."

"What do you mean?" Alice asked. 

"That I lie down and you ride me. You can go as fast or slow as you like."

"Good idea."

I lay down on the bed, my cock looking like a rocket on the launchpad. "I suppose I should have started with a mini-dick like my husband's for my first ass fucking, but let's do this," Alice said. "Julia, you want to do the honor of introducing your husband's cock to a new ass?"

Julia's hand held my cock as Alice slowly lowered herself over my prong. 

She moaned as it started to part her bunghole. "Holy fuck, Julia. How often do you let your husband fuck your ass?" 

"Once or twice a week," Julia replied. She was still cupping my nuts.

"It hasn't ruined your ass?'

"No," Julia laughed, "my ass is just fine."

I felt the head pop through her ring.

"I feel fuller with him in my ass than my pussy," Alice said.

"Things usually go only one way in your ass," Julia replied. "It's different when something is moving in the opposite direction."

Alice wriggled her buttocks around. She'd managed to get about an inch or two inside.

"I don't know if I'll be able to get the whole thing in," Alice groaned.

"That's why you're driving," I said. "Take as little or as much as you want."

Alice rose up until the head started to exit, then back down, taking more of me this time. She repeated the process five or six times before she felt her buns resting on my hips.

"I'm so fucking full," she moaned, clinging to my cock like a strangler fig.

"You should try having one in your cunt and one in your ass," Julia laughed. "You don't know what full is until you have."

"You've done that?"

"Yes, with another cock slightly thicker than Master as the second cock. I've also had a third cock in my mouth at the same time."

She looked down at me, questioning. She wasn't moving, giving herself time to get used to my prick in her ass. "We don't do other men anymore. Now one of the cocks needs to be a dildo wielded by a woman," I said. "But when we first started, we allowed other men to participate. It was part of our deal for allowing her slavery to continue. I didn't want to share her with men anymore."

"Is that fair?" Alice asked. "You fuck all the women you want, but she can't fuck other men?"

It's the same question I sometimes asked myself. It seemed to me, I got by far the better end of the deal. Julia didn't feel the same way and she said so.

"It's not all the women he wants. Even you are an exception. I'm not as interested in fucking other men as I am in being submissive," Julia said. "If limiting myself to Master and other women is the price I pay for being his sex slave, I'm content. I get plenty of sex, and we have lots of toys. I'm very happy."

I knew that she was, but was she as happy as she could be?

Alice finally started to move; maybe an inch or so at a time. She was very tight, but I was always more sensitive at the end of my cock than the root. It would take a while for me to cum. As she got used to me in her rectum, Alice began to move further up and down each time. Initially, Alice had whimpered and groaned more in pain from my cock in her bottom than any signs of pleasure. As time passed, the sounds she made changed and her pleasure was more apparent. Julia was taking a lot more pictures. We wouldn't need but a few of them, but it would be nice to have a choice later when making sure no faces but Alices's were visible.

Finally, "I think I'm going to cum," Alice said. "I'm starting to see why some people like this so much. It's different. It feels the orgasm will start in a different place." 

A few minutes later, Alice arched her back and released a whimpering sigh as she climaxed, clutching my cock with her sphincter as she spasmed. I was thumbing her nipples, trying to extend and enhance her orgasm.

"Ah, fuck! I'm cumming. Beautiful. I'll have to try this again sometime with someone other than Alex."

She'd fucked me long enough, I wasn't far behind her. A couple minutes later, I grunted and sent my essence deep into her ass.

"I feel your cock throbbing in my ass," she moaned. "Wonderful."

Eventually, my cock shrank and popped out of her ass. Alice leaned forward and said, "Take some pictures of his cum running out of my ass."

I heard Julia clicking away.

Alice turned sideways on the bed and took my slimy cock in her hand, her mouth inches away. "Shoot some more like this," she said. 

Julia started clicking, and before I knew it, Alice's mouth was sucking on my cock. No one had ever done this to me before without being cleansed first. Alice grimaced a little at first, sucking the shit and cum from my cock, but she didn't stop. The camera kept clicking. 

When my cock was sparkling clean, Alice stopped sucking. She grinned at us.

"As soon as I get home, I'm going to kiss Alex with lots of tongue. Then I'm going to show him these pictures, so he knows he was kissing the mouth that just licked my shit from your cock. I hope he appreciates it. It didn't taste all that great, but it was worth it."

I don't know if I'd ever hate anyone enough I'd eat shit to get back at them, even Jack. I wanted him dead, but not this.

"Remind me never to piss you off," I said.

"I doubt you'll need reminding," she laughed. "I'll let Janet know I'm staying with her tonight. Hopefully, she and Chen can come with me to pick up my things."

"Take Rhonda too. She'll wear her uniform so hopefully, he won't give you any trouble," I said. "Do you want to take a shower"

"Mmm. Do I want to look and smell like a skanky whore when I see my husband or nice, fresh and clean. I think skanky whore is the right answer." 

While Alice made preparations with her sister, and Rhonda dressed in her uniform and had a bite to eat, Julia and I downloaded the photos from her iPhone. I had to crop some of the photos to remove heads. Some of the women's photos that looked the best and most convincing couldn't be used because too much of my slave's faces showed as they sixty-nine'd with Alice, but a couple only showed their head of hair, and you could see the women were different, one blonde, the other black haired. Alice's face was very visible lapping at two different cunts. We picked out one of the photos where I was balls deep in Alice doubled up with her feet up by her ears with the companion photo of cum leaking from her cunt. Another where she was smilingly riding my cock in her ass and it was clearly visible it was her ass. The photo of my cum dripping from her ass was added, though not much was visible leaking from her cunt anymore. The last one was of her lips halfway down my shit covered shaft, cleaning my cock. You couldn't see much of the grimace she was making, so it looked like she was enjoying it more than I suspected she was.

We showed the pictures to Alice. "Perfect!" She exclaimed.

I didn't even want our fingerprints anywhere near this, so I had her load the printer with paper, take the 8x11 prints off the printer and slide them into a manilla envelope she took out of the package. This was all her, as far as I was concerned. 

"That's it. I'm going to delete these now."

"Wait," Alice said. "Print one of me fucking each of you for me. I'd like a memento of a very enjoyable morning for me. I'll give them to Janet before we go so you now I won't be showing them to Alex."

I asked the others if that was okay with them. They didn't have a problem with it, so I picked out three more which showed us fucking Alice. I printed them out and gave them to her.

"Thank you for helping me take my revenge." 

"You don't mind if we don't kiss you goodbye, I hope," Julia said.

Alice laughed. "Not at all. This is all for Alex. I'd love to kiss my girlfriends too, but I doubt I'll ever see them again."

Rhonda got into her squad car and followed Alice to Alice's house. Janet and Chen followed her.

******

Around 5:40, we got a call from Rhonda saying they were on the way home. Julia started supper while Lisa and I helped carry most of Alice's possessions into Chen's house. Alice had been crying again, so it hadn't been all fun and games for her. 

She smiled wearily and said, "This is most of it. There are a few larger things I'll need to go back for; a sewing machine, my grandmother's china closet, a grandfather clock belonging to my mother. I'll make arrangements with my attorney to get the rest."

We didn't say or ask anything more. If she wanted to talk about it, she would. We could ask Rhonda what happened later. Everything tucked into one of Chen's spare bedrooms, the three of us went back to our house and sat down to supper.

Julia fed Rhonda and I fed Lisa. We didn't ask questions yet, letting it wait until we weren't all shoveling food in our mouths. After, we went out to the pool and did some laps. Julia was around five months pregnant now and didn't do as many as she usually did, becoming too tired to continue halfway through her normal swimming workout. We started to chat when we got into the hot tub after.

"So," Julia said, sitting in my lap, "what happened between Alex and Alice?"

Lisa and Rhonda were kissing, but Rhonda stopped to answer.

"About as you'd expect. After stopping for some packing boxes and tape, we all went into the house and Alex was clearly surprised to see a police officer with Alice. Before he had a chance to ask about it, Alice laid the biggest, longest lip lock on him you've ever witnessed. After about three minutes of drilling for oil in his throat, Alice released him, saying, 'that's the last kiss you ever get from me.' He started to ask what the hell she was talking about and she pulled out her envelope of photos and took out the ones we took last night and tossed them onto his lap.

"'As you can see, I have the evidence of your infidelity in these photos, you prick. Not only do you cheat on me, but you do so with my friends, ruining not only our marriage, but one of my longest lasting friendships. I've been friends with her,' she pointed at one of the photos, 'since I was in grade school and the other one since college, you fuck. You'll receive our divorce papers on Monday morning. You sign them or these get shown to everyone we know. These people are here to help me get my things without any trouble from you.'

"She pulled out the other photos from this morning and dropped them into his lap. 'Since you didn't give a fuck about our marriage, I decided I didn't give a good goddam about it either, so this is how I spent my morning. You can tell from the dates on them that these follow those of last night, so you can't claim I was the first to cheat.' She pointed at the last photo. 'This is the last thing I did before I came home and kissed your cheating, lying face. That's my shit on that cock, which I just shared with you.'

"You should have seen it. He tossed his cookies immediately, made it to the kitchen sink for the second and subsequent heaves, but he couldn't have had anything left in his stomach when he finished. 'You get to clean that up, since I'm leaving,' Alice said. 'I'm done cleaning up after you.' Janet, Chen and Alice went to start packing up her things. I kept an eye on Mr. Shit in case he wanted to try anything. He was pretty much speechless."

"My God," I said. "Hell hath no fury,"

"Tell me about it," Rhonda said. "It took them about four hours to pack up everything. After a couple hours, he picked the photos off the floor where he'd dropped them when he threw up and looked at them like he was trying to figure out who they were. I was really happy I wasn't in any of them. The rest of them finished up with their packing. They carried the boxes out to the truck. When the truck was loaded, Alice came back to tell me they were done. Alex asked who they were, holding up the pictures from this morning. 'No one you know, you stupid fuck. Strangers who helped me get my revenge on you for cheating on me and stealing my girlfriends.' 'They're equally to blame, you know,' he said. 'They fucked me as much as I fucked them.' 'Which is why I'll never speak another word to them as long as I live. We're done as much as you and I are. I just don't need to divorce them; only you.' She started crying again. I think she was more disappointed in losing her friends as this point as she was her husband."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 7|
--------------------------------------------
"I haven't even known Lisa as long as my Master," Julia said. "I can only imagine her loss. I would be devastated if I lost Lisa."

"He wasn't quite done yet. He tried to say it was Janet and Chen in the photos. He couldn't imagine her knowing three people he didn't recognize. 'You stupid fuck,' Alice said, 'you'd think I'd have incest with my sister to get back at you? How sick are you? This woman is blonde and this one has black hair. And that is not an Asian cock in my cunt and ass, it's white. I only wish it was a black cock fucking me. That's probably the first cock I'm looking for after my divorce. I'll be sure and send you pictures of that one too. Someone with a nice big cock like this one and not a mini-dick like yours. I'm thinking two or three big black cocks at once.' Old Alex was floored by that. His mouth was hanging open like his jaw didn't work anymore. 'We're done here, Officer Meadows. Thanks for your assistance. If you ever want me to lick your cunt, let me know. I'll be happy to.' Of course, Alex boy didn't know I'd already partaken of her sweet cunt, but it shut him up in a hurry and we all left."

"What a shit show," I said. 

"Don't I know it, Master. In more ways than one," Rhonda said.

"One could almost feel sorry for him," Lisa said.

"Not really," I said. "He brought it on himself."

Still, I was left with a bad taste in my mouth. Not as bad as Alice or Alex, but a bad taste nevertheless. We'd chosen sides in their marriage. Chosen rightly, I believed, but chosen. Alice's was only the second married cunt I'd ever fucked. First Gwen, now her. In some ways, the marriages were over or in serious disrepair beforehand, but I felt bad for being a part of it. Gwen and Sherman had managed to work things out. I doubt Alice and Alex ever would. Bridges had been burned and memories looted. Still, it made me want to cuddle my slaves all the more and we soon retired to the bedroom. I fucked all three of them before emptying myself in Rhonda, both Lisa and Julia cleaning us up after.

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 42|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-42|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<i>Shasta shares her secret. Our three slaves go to LA for a weekend. This chapter contains oral sex, interracial sex, lesbian sex, and normal fucking. As with all other chapters, our protagonists don't need to worry about STD's. </i>

<b>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 42 - Slaves Take Trip to LA</b>

JULIA

Things seemed to settle in for awhile. Since we were inviting our parents to our bonding ceremony, we didn't bother putting clothes on anymore when they came over. We got used to their presence when naked. It was awkward at first as I'd fucked Lisa's parents and she'd fucked both Masters and mine. Gradually, the tension went away. 

I was due at the end of January. The more pregnant I became, the more often they wanted to visit, being the first grandchild for both mine and Master's parents, though Lisa's brother had a baby. They all kind of accepted they would all be grandparents to the child as we'd all be parents. 

Lisa's parents took to stripping off when they came over, being used to being nude before other people. My parents, while in an open relationship, still had sex one on one with their partners, so they were more like Master's parents. Other than everyone groping my bare belly to feel Junior kick, we did fine. We didn't have sex in front of them anymore.

It was Autumn, close enough to Christmas when Master's sister would be visiting. To the best of my knowledge, she still didn't know about the sex slavery, though she knew Lisa was now our partner. I'm not sure what she knew about Rhonda. She and I never had a chance to get close, she lived so far away.

Speaking of Rhonda, everyone was surprised and somewhat amused to learn I had my own slave now. She was treated well by everyone. I suspected both of Lisa's parents and my father would have loved to fuck her. She only got to have sex with people I wanted her to have sex with. My parents didn't fit that category. They wanted to know how it all worked and I said Rhonda was a lesbian who'd given up sex solely with women in order to join our group as I wouldn't take a slave who didn't accept Master as well. 

That was another thing they had to get over. We'd pretty much abandoned calling Scott anything other than Master in front of those who knew about our slave status. Since all our parents knew, Master was Master at all times. 

******

Zoe and Lucia came together the first time Lucia needed a checkup. Rhonda and Lucia spent pretty much the whole weekend together. Lucia was starting to show, a tiny baby bump two and half months in. Zoe and I were both pretty fat by then; me about six months and Zoe two or three weeks longer. Master fucked both of us anyway as we licked the other. It was the first time we both got to fuck him together and I enjoyed sharing him with her and Lisa.

Two months after the Alice incident, business was going well. It was a great business, roughly $60,000 a month and selling as much furniture as we could make. All my workers were now trained, and had earned their first raises and liked earning a part of our profits. I'd slowed down. By the end of October, I was six months along and feeling ungainly as hell, I felt I waddled around like a duck. Lisa would go quack, quack once in awhile, accompanied by a kiss, just to tease me. I was actually thinking of adding other people, but finding another person who might like to work in my home with naked people wasn't that easy. 

I'd spoken to a few women, mostly suggested by our friends, but they ran off like their hair was on fire. Hiring men was out of the question. They might like working around naked women, but none of the Masters would be eager to allow their slaves to work with men while we worked naked, nor were Alice and Shasta. They'd both become comfortable at working naked. Who'd have believed it. The Master's didn't mind seeing us slaves naked before each other. They'd all seen everyone else and knew how to behave around other people's slaves. Alice was divorced and dating again. She was dating a black friend of Jerry's. I don't know if she sent pictures to Alex, but I wouldn't be surprised if she did. She still had a lot of animosity. We'd essentially become her next best friends. Hopefully, we wouldn't disappoint her like the the last ones did. Her best friend had tried to make contact and apologize, but Alice wanted none of it.

Alice stayed occasionally after work and worked out, swimming or doing yoga, trying to become more fit after her divorce. She didn't care a fig if the men saw her naked. I think she still pissed at Alex and not caring. Alice tried having sex once more with us before she started dating Jerry's friend, having enjoyed the first time. We politely declined, Master telling her he'd said it was only a one time deal. I think she was surprised he refused sex with her again, assuming he'd fuck anything in sight, but she didn't cause problems when we didn't. Mostly, I felt Alice was dating for sex. She didn't seem eager to have a boyfriend to do things with, somewhat disgusted with men in general at the moment, but still wanting her sexual needs met. Jerry's buddy was taking care of those needs.

Shasta had to go straight home after work most days to get her son from her mother's house. I asked once if she still had contact with the father. She said it hadn't worked out and there was no contact. She was a single mother raising her child on her own. Sometimes, she could stay because her son would stay at a friends. At first, when she stayed, she always dressed, in all of her clothes, before Master arrived. When she saw Master never bothered anyone else, not even when Alice asked for sex, nor pushed her for sex, she started to relax. She began wearing a swimsuit, or sometimes nothing more than her underwear. Everyone, though friendly, ignored her and she grew more comfortable around us. 

I sometimes think she envied the open sex we had and how much we enjoyed it, but she remained aloof, wanting nobody else in her life, though friendly with the rest of us. I wondered what had happened with the father of her child to make her so anti men. She wasn't interested in women either, as far as I could tell. When we had sex around her, she seemed more interested in and aroused by the heterosexual sex than the lesbian sex. Plus, she'd had a child, so I figured she liked men more, but didn't much like men either.

The doctor took Shasta off light duty three weeks after we hired her. Her scars healed better than when we first met her, but they were still visible, and she said they'd always be visible without plastic surgery. It's too bad as she was attractive, though somewhat heavy; she said from all the bed time after the car crash. The ones on her face were particularly damaging to her looks. I wondered if it was the reason she wasn't looking for a boyfriend and father to her son.

My attempts to attract other workers was reaching the point I was considering leasing or buying work space and starting a regular business with clothed people. None of us was particularly eager to abandon the freedom of going without clothes, even Shasta and Alice. One evening, mid November, I spoke to Master about our problems. 

"You're having problems finding new people to work, slave?"

"Yes, some are thrown off by what we work on and who we are, some are thrown off by the fact we want to work naked. Some are thrown off by both, sir."

"Perhaps you need to consider whether or not you need to expand outside the confines of this house and start somewhere else clothed? Even Brianna's slaves had to surrender nudity in order for her business to expand."

"No one wants to wear clothing, Master. Even Shasta and Alice have grown accustomed to the freedom."

"Then you may be limited in size. You're doing a good business now. Do you need to do more?"

"Mistress Dark is asking for more, Master. We're a month behind our orders now, and it's growing. We could add another crew here without problem. We have enough work space in the basement. It's getting difficult for me to move around. Even one more person could be helpful. I don't suppose any of the Masters would consider men working with their naked slaves?"

"Even Alice and Shasta might have problems with men working with them. Have any of the others come up with friends who might want to work here?"

"A couple we interviewed were Shasta's and Reneé's friends, Master. The only two friends Alice had she might have considered for the work were the two she caught sleeping with her ex."

"Ouch. That wouldn't have gone well."

"I know, but I don't want to start working longer hours. It's a pain in the ass for everyone, Master. We will become more efficient the more experienced we are, but I need more people."

"You made a suggestion to Regina to advertise or seek slaves for herself on bondage websites. Why don't you do the same?"

"That's an excellent suggestion, sir. Thank you. I wish to remind you Lucia and Zoe and Dawn are coming on the Friday after next for Lucia's next doctor appointment."

"Why is Dawn coming?" Master asked.

"Lisa, Rhonda and I are going to Los Angeles that weekend, sir. Friday after work. We owe Brianna for the use of her slaves and we need to provide services in kind for services rendered. Dawn will be here for Master's use in our absence as she loves your cock as much as we do. Zoe will also be available for your use, but she's further along than I am and won't be the fucking machine Dawn is. That's the secondary reason. We have a primary reason which you're not allowed to know as it's related to our bonding ceremony and it's a surprise for now, though I expect you'll know some of it before the ceremony itself. It can't be helped. We won't be doing anything you've not agreed to previously." 

"I'm intrigued."

"Yes, Master." I smiled at him. "Please make good use of Dawn, sir. I'm sure your slaves will be kept busy at Brianna's."

"Don't worry, I will." He kissed me. "Thank you for looking after me."

"You're welcome, Master.

So, I ended up putting an ad in a couple locations where the right sort of people might read it. It read, Looking for women able or willing to work full time making bondage furniture. Full benefits, starting at $15.00 per hour with no experience, more for carpentry experience. Profit sharing available after passing probationary period. This is a submissive household where submissives work nude. You're not required to be submissive nor work nude, but need to be comfortable working in a nude environment. No males need apply due to above noted working conditions.

Of course, multiple men ignored the women only request and applied anyway. Their applications went into the trash. Lisa, Shasta and I went through the other applications and picked a half dozen to interview on Monday after our return from LA.

Zoe, Dawn and Lucia arrived around 10 AM for the doctor's appointment. We greeted them all warmly. Zoe and Lucia headed to the doctors. Lisa went back to work in the basement. Dawn had stripped off when she got here and went with her to look around and be introduced to the others before coming back up to work on supper with me. I decided to make a couple trays of lasagna and a large salad. I also pulled out a couple bottles of a nice Italian wine to go with supper, Three of us were pregnant, but five could kill two bottles without problem, and I could drive to LA, so even Rhonda could drink. We'd all eat together before the three of us went to LA. This was one of the days Shasta would be able to stay, so we'd have nine for supper. When Lucia and Zoe got back, the two pregnant women were tired from the long drive and I sent them to our room to take a nap. 

Rhonda got up before five and started helping us with the last minute preparations. Dawn and Rhonda had met when Rhonda took Lucia back to LA and so they spent a few minutes becoming intimately reacquainted, standing in the kitchen, kissing and fingering each other until they climaxed. The food was essentially ready, except for tossing some garlic bread in the oven for browning, so while I let Rhonda work on that, Dawn and I sat, or should I say, lay on the couch to become better acquainted. 

With our faces buried in the cunt of the other, was the way the workers found us when they came upstairs after work, and Zoe and Lucia, when they finished their nap at roughly the same time.

"I should have known I'd find Dawn with her face buried in a cunt, since there wasn't a cock around," Zoe said, laughing.

I looked up at her from between Dawn's legs, her cum gracing my face. "Since Master has had sex with her, and will again, she's open game for Lisa and I, and Lisa's already fucked her. It was my turn." I felt Dawn giggle with her face buried in my pussy and almost climaxed again, instead moaning for the benefit of the others.

Zoe laughed, as did everyone else. I tidied Dawn's pussy up before getting up, wiping my face as I did.

The worker's hit the showers, Reneé and Janet to leave, Alice and Shasta to stay for supper. I was surprised when Shasta didn't put on a swimsuit or even her underthings before Master was due to arrive.

"Shasta, don't you wish to dress before Master gets home?" I asked.

"I'd stand out like a Ku Kluxer in sheets at a black family reunion. Eight naked folks and me. Scott hasn't tried to mess with me or anyone else I can tell who wasn't interested in his affections. I figure I'm safe with the eight of you around, one of you a cop, even if she is a fucking slave to a white woman."

"No," Lucia said, "I wouldn't tolerate any woman being sexually assaulted by anyone."

"Who are you?" Shasta asked. She hadn't met them the last time they came, and she'd only met Dawn today.

Zoe explained who Lucia was and why they were here, including Lucia being the killer of our rapist, which she hadn't known about either as she didn't much pay attention to the news. She heard about Lucia's gang rape and the trouble she'd had conceiving after. It was the first time I ever saw any hint of emotion on Shasta's face. Some tears formed in her eyes. Not enough to spill over before she hastily wiped them away. I'd barely ever seen her crack a smile.

"Shasta, are you okay?" I asked.

"I'm sorry to hear what happened to you, Lucia," she said. "It was horrible."

"It happened a long time ago, Shasta." Lucia said. "It was many years past and I don't think about it. I'm over it with the help of my friends. I'm pregnant now. I'm content and couldn't be better. You need not worry about me."

Shasta started crying now. Full blown sobs and tears so profound, it would seem she lost her child. 

"I just said I'm fine, Shasta. You need not cry for me," Lucia said, pulling her into her arms. "I"m happy. I'm well. There's no need to cry anymore."

"I'm not crying for you now; I'm crying for me." She was all out sobbing and Lucia held her closer, soothing her.

The oven timer went off and Rhonda rushed to turn it off and take the lasagna out of the oven. Master also chose that moment to arrive.

"Hello," he said, "What's up?" 

He saw a naked Shasta being hugged by a naked Lucia and wondered what he was walking into. Shasta had never participated in any activities which could remotely be considered sexual. 

"Master, Shasta was just crying," I said. "We told her about Lucia's troubles and she started sobbing."

He was immediately concerned. "Shasta, are you okay? How can we help?"

She couldn't reply for her sobbing. Master didn't want to hug her. She was naked and might not appreciate his touching her.

"Shasta, we can help you if you tell us why you're crying. Please, tell us what's wrong?"

She was still crying hard, unable to speak. 

"Julia and Lucia, please take Shasta to the bedroom," Master said. "Let her dress if she wants to. Maybe you can find out why she's upset." 

Lucia and I led her into the bathroom, trying to soothe her as much as possible. We asked her if she wished to dress and she just shook her head no, still sobbing. It was fifteen minutes before her crying stopped to the point we could ask her questions.

"Shasta, what's wrong," Lucia asked, drawing her to a seat on the bed. "This doesn't seem to be about me anymore?"

"I was raped five years ago; gang raped like you."

"While you were working for Master?" I asked, horrified.

"No, just before I started. I found out I was pregnant and needed a job. Scott hired me.

"Oh, no, Shasta. I'm so sorry. What happened?" Lucia asked. "We both can sympathize and understand your pain. You can tell us."

"I was on the peripheries of this street gang. Not in it, but I knew what was going on, hanging with this other girl who was in it. I went to a party one night. Because I wasn't attached to any of the members there, they decided I was community property. I was raped by ten of them, some more than once. One of those fuckers knocked me up. Of course, none of those assholes wanted to step up when I was having the baby. They didn't give a fuck about the kid."

"You decided to keep your child even though he was a product of rape?" I asked.

"He was half mine and as far as I was concerned, all mine because those dicks weren't about to help. I didn't want to dump him. It wasn't his fault. Listen, I didn't know about your troubles. Your baby, is it...?"

"It's Scott's child. I was pregnant before I was raped." 

Shasta nodded. "Good on you. I had to get a good paying job to raise my boy by myself. I thanked my stars Scott hired me as a carpenter and was willing to train me. I had nothing else. He was good to me. Kept the other guys from messing with me, kept me on during my pregnancy and delivery. Everything professional. I did okay. Momma helped me by looking after him before he started pre-school. 

"Then, a year ago, the gang leader decides he wants my kid." 

"Why did he want him?" I asked.

"He wanted to raise him to be a gang member. Didn't give a shit about a baby, but you know, kids can be used as delivery boys and to hold drugs. He figured since he'd fucked me the most and cum inside me the most, it was his kid. He offered me money for him; $50,000 dollars. Just walk away from my son. I told him to fuck himself. I had money enough to care for my child. I didn't want him or his money, and I definitely didn't want my son raised as a gang banger."

She paused, "My car accident, that was the asshole trying to run me off the road to kill me so he could take my boy. He died, I didn't."

"They still aren't looking to come after your son are they?" Lucia asked.

"No. None of the rest gave a damn. It was strictly him, the fuck. I'm sorry, Lucia, your story, just dredged up a lot of old nightmares."

"I suspect it's PTSD," Lucia said. "I had it a lot the first few years after my rape, until I got counseling. Have you ever had any counseling?" 

"No. I had no money for counseling. I didn't have money for a pregnancy."

"You have mental health insurance now. You can get help if you need it, Shasta," I said.

"I thought I had it under control. I don't even think about it anymore. I gotta tell you, Julia, I was worried when I came here and started working. Scott was so nice to me, treated me with honor and respect even though I'm a young, single mother, had a kid in my teens. Then you tell me you're all sex slaves to him, and I wonder if he isn't as bad as the fucking gang bangers who raped me. Like it's destroying all these good feelings I have of him after he helped me. 

"But then I see how nicely you treat one another. I'm confused. Nothing seems to fit together. All the love I see you have together, but being sex slaves? Come on! It took me a month or more before I figure this might be legit. This is just your gig and it's all voluntary. 

"I guess Rhonda helped. She tells me she's a cop and she's not arresting you. At first I think she's undercover, trying to get more dope on you or something, but why tell everyone she's a cop if she's undercover? Certainly, she has enough evidence to arrest you by now. I could have evidence by now and I know nothing about police work. No arrests, just lots of fucking. So much fucking. But you're a good boss, as nice as your husband. I'm afraid of losing my job if you both get arrested, but nobody is getting arrested. Everything is all lovey-dovey. I didn't know what to make of it all."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"Shasta, dear, this is a lifestyle choice," I said, "completely and totally voluntary on my part. It started as a three week experiment. I didn't want it to end. You've seen how much I love my Master and how much he loves us. Despite what you've seen, he would never, ever, harm me in a way I don't want him to. I can stop it at any time, from whatever he's doing to me at the time, to the entire slavery. I love him so much, I can deny him nothing. Rhonda, Lisa and I are going to LA today. I arranged for Lucia, Dawn and Zoe to stay with him while we're gone so he gets as much sex as we'd normally provide. In case you didn't know, Lucia is going to have Master's baby. She was worried she could never have children without artificial insemination and Master gave her a child."

"Your husband is her baby's daddy?" Lucia nodded, confirming it.

"Yes. She saved my life and the life of my baby from a crazy man. I would give her anything. I'm glad it was my Master who helped her. This lifestyle is as much about love as it is anything else, even the sex. No one's going to be arrested."

"I've figured that out, at least."

"That's why no one bothers you. You need never worry about yourself here. You could go naked as a Jaybird and no one will molest you or bother you in any way. You have to choose to join. You're as safe here as at your momma's house."

"I've started to work it out. It's why I decided not to dress tonight."

Lucia said, "Perhaps due to the memories we've managed to dredge up for you, you'd prefer to wear clothing, so you feel safer?"

"No. I'd like to try. I can always put them on later if I change my mind, right?"

"Of course you can," I assured her.

"You told us some things of a very personal and private nature, Shasta," Lucia said. "When we join the others, they'll have questions. Do you wish these matters to remain private between us, or do you feel comfortable in sharing? I believe sharing will help you to heal. No one here will think less of you. Three of us have been raped, and the others understand it due to their relationship to us. It wasn't your fault. No one asks to be raped, but we'll do as you desire. We have no wish to cause you more trauma. It's your choice."

Shasta thought about it for a few moments. "I don't know."

"We'll leave it up to you. Neither Julia nor I will say anything. It will be up to you how little or much you care to divulge," Lucia said. "Healing comes at its own pace for everyone. My suggestion to you is to take advantage of your health care to get counseling. It helped me a great deal."

"Did you have counseling, Julia?"

"No, but I would if I needed it. I was mostly unconscious when it happened and it was not nearly as horrific as yours. In some ways, my relationships to Master and Lisa might have helped me, and certainly my friendships to everyone else. I never have to go through anything alone. For Lisa, it was her ex-husband, so I'm guessing not quite as horrible as it might have been with a stranger and we still had each other. I think it might be good for you. I'll be happy to go too, if you want company."

Shasta nodded and we both hugged her. To me there was nothing better than being in a warm, loving hug, especially a naked one. We helped her get presentable again.

"Our food is getting cold. Some nice lasagna should help. Nothing like Italian comfort food to make you feel better," I said.

So we led Shasta out, the others looking at us questioningly. I shook my head in negation to their unspoken questions. We weren't about to talk about it. They were all sharp enough not to ask. It was Shasta's story to tell.

Master hadn't taken his shower. When he passed me, I whispered it would be a good idea for him to remain clothed, so when he returned, he was wearing shorts and a tee.

We'd been gone for quite some time. Lisa had put the lasagna back in the oven to stay warm. She took it out and dished up some for everyone, Rhonda delivering it to the table. For the first time in a long time, no one fed anyone else, still uncertain as to what happened. Lucia did say a nice grace, asking for God's blessings on everyone seated at the table. Then we ate. Dawn kept us entertained by telling us how she met Sam and Marcia working in a sex toy shop. 

Master told us how he met Zoe at college and how he learned she was a lesbian when out of the blue one day, she said she wanted to fuck a girl. 

"I was surprised, of course," Master said. "At first, I thought she wanted to have a threesome, and I was invited. I started salivating. Then, she informed me that no, I wasn't invited. She thought she was gay and needed to find out. She wanted to have sex with a woman to see how she felt about it. I was devastated. I thought my world had ended. First, because she thought she was a lesbian, and second; I couldn't join. Then she broke my heart after she had sex with one and told me she needed to be with women instead of me."

"Were you really that broken hearted?" Zoe asked.

"Yes. I loved you. I just didn't realize that love wasn't returned in the same way."

"You do know I cared for you, don't you?"

"Not the same as I felt about you," Master replied. "Of course, the next six months of my life was ruined. My grades suffered. I almost dropped out of school. It wasn't until I met Julia I recovered my equilibrium."

I was sitting next to Shasta. She leaned over and whispered, "You invited his college sweetheart to fuck him this weekend while you're gone?"

"Yes, dear," I whispered back. "She's a lesbian. I don't need to worry about her."

"If she's lesbian, why she fuck him?"

"Rhonda's a lesbian too. We're sex slaves. We need sex. Dawn will fuck him the most. Lucia and Zoe will mostly enjoy each other."

Zoe was saying, "Well, you've had your threesome with me since. How did you like it?"

"I loved it. Too bad you were pregnant. I felt I had to be gentle with you."

Zoe laughed. "It didn't feel all that gentle."

"You're not used to having sex with men anymore. I could have fucked you much harder."

"I agree," I said. "Master's goes easier on me now I'm pregnant. He used to really plow me hard. I think he's afraid of giving our son brain damage if he fucks me too hard and deep."

Everyone laughed, even Shasta.

******

We had to leave quickly after supper. We were already late. Zoe and Lucia promised to clean up after supper since Dawn helped prepare while they were napping. We didn't have much to pack, some incidentals like toothbrushes and make up. We could wear the same clothes back as we wore going. Slaves weren't allowed clothes on Brianna's estate. Due to the things we had planned for the weekend, Rhonda was taking Monday off as she would need some time to heal after.

I ordered Rhonda to give both Lisa and I orgasms on the drive down. She finger fucked me to two satisfying climaxes before getting into the backseat and licking Lisa to hers. When they finished, she remained in the back.

"As far as I'm concerned, slave; you may cum as often as you wish this weekend. However, Brianna is in charge of all of us and she may countermand my orders just as Master may countermand mine. Since I'm your Domina, she may defer to my wishes, but I won't promise you she will. Try to be pleasing to her and perhaps you'll be allowed to cum."

"Yes, Domina."

"I'm going to have you pierced this weekend with your permission and give you your slave jewelry, denoting your status as my slave."

"Thank you, Domina."

"Lisa will also be getting pierced with you. Unfortunately, I can't be pierced yet. I have to wait, but Lisa and I are both getting tattooed. Lisa designed lovely tattoos to show our slavery to our Master. I'd like to get tattooed for our bonding ceremony, but the tattoos take too long to heal and I want to be fucked at our bonding, so we have to do it before then."

"Will I receive a tattoo, Domina?"

"I'm sorry, slave, but in addition to your skin coloring probably rendering a tattoo moot, I hesitate to do anything which would indicate your status as sex slave to your fellow officers. For what it's worth, my tattoo will show your status to me."

"What does it look like, Domina?"

"You'll see it soon enough. Don't be impatient. I think it's quite lovely. Lisa came up with a beautiful design."

We texted Brianna we were a half hour out so they knew when to expect us. When we arrived, it was already eleven. Monique, a slave named Jade and one named, Ingrid were waiting to greet us when we arrived.

"Lisa, since you've not yet slept with Mistress, you'll be sharing her bed with her, Adele and I tonight. Julia, you'll be spending the night with Jade and Riyuki. Rhonda, you'll be with Ingrid and Dorinda tonight. We've arranged for an excellent tattoo artist to be here at 8:00 tomorrow morning. Expect the tattoos to take two hours each. We'll do the piercings after lunch. The tattoo artist recommends no sun for a week after your tattooing to prevent premature fading, so no pool for the weekend during daylight. You'll be assigned other duties Saturday night."

She took Lisa's hand and led her away. Jade took my hand, leading me towards her bedroom where Riyuki was also waiting. I told my slave to make me proud before we parted.

Both Jade and Riyuki had long, silky, black, pubic hair, though trimmed around their cunts. I was not used to pubic hair. Alice being the only one I'd had sex with having pubes except for Rhonda's short, kinky curls before I shaved her. It wasn't unpleasant licking their cunts. The softness of the hair welcomely different. No restrictions were placed on my ability to cum and that was good for me. We fucked until two, pleasing each other many times, before falling asleep in each other's arms.

******

SCOTT

I was surprised to come home and find Lucia and Shasta hugging, both naked, and Shasta crying. In all the time I'd known her, in five years, I'd never seen her cry, nor for that matter, barely laugh. Always solemn, contained and stoic, she'd had to grow up earlier than most young women due to her child, who she rarely talked about. 

"Hello," I said, "What's up?" 

"Master, Shasta was just crying," Julia replied. "We told her about Lucia's troubles and she started sobbing."

"Shasta, are you okay? How can we help?" I asked, concerned at her distress.

She couldn't stop crying long enough to answer. A crying woman always made me want to hug and protect them and Shasta was no different. I'd known her for several years, yet knowing she was naked and might not appreciate me touching her stayed my arms from encircling her. Lucia could probably protect her better than I could, though Shasta might not realize it.

"Shasta, we can help you if you tell us why you're crying," I said. "Please, tell us what's wrong?"

She couldn't stop, unable to speak. Maybe she couldn't talk about it with all of us hovering around.

"Julia and Lucia, please take Shasta to the bedroom," I said. Realizing she was still naked and it might be part of the reason for her distress, I added, "Let her dress if she needs to. Maybe you can find out why she's upset." 

Lucia, Julia and Shasta disappeared into the bedroom. None of the others could really shed much light on her anguish except it occurred after learning of Lucia's rape.

Dawn, ever more perceptive than you'd give her credit for, asked, "Is it possible Shasta has been raped too?"

None of us had the answer to that question. "I don't know. She's never spoken about it," I said.

After about ten minutes, Lisa said, "I should put the lasagna in the oven to keep it from getting cold. No one likes cold lasagna."

She did so and I kissed and hugged Dawn, and Zoe. 

Dawn whispered to me, "Lucia and Zoe are going to spend the night together so I can have your cock all by myself, sir. I hope you're up to the challenge, big man."

"If it's just you, I'm sure I can use all three of your slave holes."

Dawn shivered. "Just what I needed to hear, sir."

We chatted amongst ourselves for several more minutes. I would have liked to take my shower. Since our fun and games usually started during or after supper, I liked to be clean when we started the festivities. Finally, the three of them emerged from the bedroom. 

All of us were curious at the reason for Shasta's breakdown. Julia shook her head slightly to let us know not to ask questions. Supposedly, we weren't going to discuss it now. I wanted to shower so I headed to the bathroom. As I passed her, Julia whispered to me to wear clothes after my shower. I'd been nude in front of Shasta before. She'd never raised a stink about it, so I wondered if I had something to do with her pain. Perhaps I could learn later. I put on shorts and a t-shirt after a fast shower. 

Lisa took the lasagna out of the oven and dished some on each plate and Rhonda served everyone, Lisa bringing the salad out with her when she came. Not understanding the dynamics of what was going on, I looked to Julia for a clue. Since she didn't choose to feed Rhonda, I didn't feed either of my slaves either. Lucia said grace, asking for God's blessings on everyone seated at the table. To prevent an uncomfortable silence, Dawn entertained everyone by telling us how she met Sam and Marcia while working in a sex toy shop. 

"Before they left for California, Sam and Marcia came into the place I worked as a clerk. Sam was picking out a couple things for Marcia, one for pleasure, one for pain. There was only one other guy in the store when they came in, and he said he wanted to try a couple things on her before deciding which ones to buy."

"In the store with someone else there?" I asked, thinking of Master testing devices on me in a store as someone watched. It made me shiver.

"No. The other fellow left and I locked up after him because there was something about them. I recognized the collar and cuffs she was wearing as being submissive and she also wore this amazing summer dress which was like two scarves over her breasts tied behind her neck and backless with no bra. She had a WeVibe in her cunt which Master Sam was using to give her orgasms while she was in the store. He made her move to the alcove where we had the DVD's and magazines racked. He allowed me to release her top and test an electro-stim device on her breasts and cunt, making her cum. Then he whipped or paddled her with several different whips or crops. He bought The Enforcer, the e-stim device and two vibrators. It was the most interesting sale I ever made. At their going away party, I submitted to Mistress Brianna. Master Sam trained me until we reached California." 

After telling her story, Dawn wanted to know how Zoe and I met. 

"We met in a freshman English class everyone had to take our first year in college. We dated for a couple years, before she expressed her lesbian leanings."

"How did that occur?" Lisa asked.

"On a Thursday night, after we had sex, she told me she wanted to have sex with a girl. Because of the timing of when she asked, I thought she was talking about both of us having sex with one together. She told me no. She was feeling emotional attachments to women and wondered if she was really a lesbian and wanted to have sex with a woman by herself."

"How did you react?" Dawn asked.

"I was surprised, of course," I said. "At first, I thought she wanted to have a threesome, and I was invited. I started salivating. Then, she informed me that no, I wasn't invited. She thought she was gay and needed to find out. She wanted to have sex with a woman to see how she felt about it. I was devastated. I thought my world had ended. First, because she thought she was a lesbian, and second; I couldn't join. Then she broke my heart after she had sex with one and told me she needed to be with women instead of me."

"Were you really that broken hearted?" Zoe asked.

"Yes. I loved you. I just didn't realize that love wasn't returned in the same way."

"You do know I cared for you, don't you?"

"Not the same as I felt about you," I replied. "Of course, the next six months of my life was ruined. My grades suffered. I almost dropped out of school. It wasn't until I met Julia I recovered my equilibrium."

I saw Shasta and Julia whispering with each other, though I had no clue what they were talking about. I wondered if it was related to the reason Shasta was crying earlier. 

"I didn't realize you were so devastated," Zoe said.

"You weren't in the same place emotionally. Plus you were exploring your newfound sexual orientation to the fullest. I'm not surprised you didn't notice."

Zoe quiet for a moment, then said, "Well, you've had your threesome with me since. How did you like it?"

"I loved it. Too bad you were pregnant. I felt I had to be gentle with you."

Zoe laughed. "It didn't feel all that gentle."

"You're not used to having sex with men anymore. I could have fucked you much harder."

"I agree," Julia said. "Master's goes easier on me now I'm pregnant. He used to really plow me hard. I think he's afraid of giving our son brain damage if he fucks me too hard and deep."

Everyone laughed, even Shasta. There was more animation the rest of the meal.

Before my three slaves left, Julia asked me if I needed my cock sucked.

"No, it's late and you need to get going. Dawn told me she wishes to be used hard tonight. She has me all to herself."

"Very well. Have a good time, Master."

"Drive carefully and have a good time this weekend. Thank you, slave."

"We will, sir."

******

After my slaves left and the kitchen was cleaned, Alice announced she had a date with Rodney, Jerry's buddy. 

"They named that man well, because he has a great rod," she laughed. "I expect him to keep me very busy the rest of the night. I might even let him take my ass tonight. At least until I'm more used to it, he's going to need to let me get on top. He usually likes it the other way around. Don't think he likes a woman to be on top. Normally I wouldn't give a shit, but if he's going up my poop chute, I'm driving. Kisses all around."

The rest of us decided to go out by the pool for awhile. I noticed Shasta made no move to go, and was still naked. I told Lucia and Zoe we now kept the hot tub at 100 degrees so it was safe for their babies. They decided to get in and Shasta got in with them. I still didn't know what to do regarding nudity, remembering Julia's whispered comment to dress after Shasta's crying spree, but if I were to use the pool or hot tub, I either needed to put on a swim suit or go nude. 

I decided to take the bull by the horns. "Shasta, I don't want to do anything you're uncomfortable with. Would you object if I was naked?"

"It's your home, Scott. You should do as you please."

Not really a ringing endorsement, but since I was getting in the pool instead of the hot tub, I got naked. I went into the pool and Dawn joined me. We got maybe fifteen laps done before Dawn decided she'd waited long enough and tackled me at the shallow end of the pool and grabbing my cock, began kissing, letting me know in no uncertain terms, it was time for sex. I obliged and setting her on the edge of the pool, dined on her shaved pussy long enough to give her three orgasms. Like the other slaves of my acquaintance, she was always ready and wanting and climaxed easily. Dawn wanted to get in the hot tub after and join the others, and with the other three in, it would be close quarters. 

After engaging in cunnilingus with Alice, my cock was at about three quarter mast and when Dawn sat between Lucia and Zoe, the only spot remaining was next to Shasta, which made the situation touchy in my mind with my meat so obviously present.

"May I get in next to you?" I asked.

Lucia saw the state of my prick and said, "Why don't you take my seat, Master Scott. You can sit next to Dawn."

Shasta said, "Stop trying to protect me, Lucia. I'll be okay."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"Okay, I have to ask," Dawn said. "Protect you from what? Scott won't fuck you. He's going to be too busy fucking me tonight even if his slaves gave him permission to fuck you."

Lucia and Shasta shared another long look. "It's up to you, Shasta," Lucia said, "but I told you I got through my trauma with the help of my friends and there are no more friendly and caring people than those with you now."

Shasta started to cry again and Lucia automatically slid next to her to envelop her in her arms. This left her spot open and with Shasta crying again, my cock was taking a dive. I finally got in, deciding it was better for it to be invisible under the bubbles, than in plain view outside the tub, even flaccid. I knew whatever it was, was bad.

I wondered what it was she didn't even want to talk about. Suddenly, Dawn's previous suggestion burst into my head and like a fool, I blurted it out. "You were raped, weren't you?"

Shasta started crying harder and everyone looked at her and realized it made perfect sense. She'd started crying when Lucia's story came out. Suddenly she was swarmed with women hoping to take her in their arms and take her pain away. I was alone on my side of the pool, feeling like an idiot. Worse yet, I wanted to shelter her in my arms as well, and that would be a horrible idea at the moment.

Surrounded by the three women cooing and comforting, the "there, there"'s, the "let it out, baby," the tears finally eased. Shasta sniffed loudly, rubbing at her eyes, trying to wipe her tears. 

She looked at us and tearfully told the story she'd related to Julia and Lucia earlier; her gang rape, the birth of her son, her struggles as a single mother, the attempt of the gang leader to take her son, and the cause of the car crash which injured and disfigured her. It was a horrifying account and I was filled with so much pity for this young woman and disgust for the bastards who did it to her.

Zoe said, "They could still be prosecuted. There's no statute of limitations on rape in California."

"I don't want to go through a trial. As long as they leave me alone, I don't give a fuck what happens to 'em."

"They're not still after your son?" I asked.

"Only the asshole who died. None of the rest care two shits."

"May I hold your hand for a few minutes, Shasta?" I asked. 

"Yes," she said, cautiously sliding her hand into mine.

"I'm so disgusted for the actions of some of my gender, Shasta. I'd like to apologize for all of them who hurt you. Anything that I, or anyone else in my family can do for you, you only need to ask." I squeezed her hand. "You can get counseling if you wish. We have the insurance for that and I know counseling helped Lucia."

"Julia told me, Scott. Actually, you've already helped me a lot. I pretty much hated men after it happened. Then you hired me, giving me a chance when I had no actual experience, paid me what you paid any other new employee. You made sure everyone else on your crew treated me right. Didn't stop paying me when I needed to have my child, didn't drop me when I had the accident. I admit I had some reservations when I found out you kept sex slaves, including another black woman. It's not until recently I've really begun to understand what that means. You don't really mistreat women. You love and cherish them, just in a different way. It's why I became comfortable enough to go without clothes in your presence today. It was only finding out what happened to Lucia which brought out all my suppressed feelings. It's nothing you or anyone else did today. I can't believe how nice everyone is."

"I happen to believe I have some of the nicest friends in the world." I had a sudden idea. "Would you and your mother and son like to come for grilled hamburgers tomorrow?"

The rest of the women quickly echoed my request. "Please, I'm sure your son would enjoy swimming in the pool," Zoe said.

"I don't think I should expose my boy to naked women at this point in his life."

"We don't have to be naked, Shasta. We choose to be naked and we can choose not to be for guests," I replied. "Eventually, we'll have to do the same for my own children. My son's due in seven weeks. I suppose we can go naked the first couple years of his life, but eventually, we will have to put on clothes."

"You don't have to do this just because I was raped years ago by people you don't even know."

"No, I suppose not, but wouldn't it be enjoyable for everyone involved? Don't think of this as me atoning for other assholes. Think of this as doing something pleasant with a friend and her family. Please, it would mean a lot to me."

She looked around at all of our faces. "I'll ask momma, but I suspect she'd love to come."

"What would your family like to eat and drink?" I asked.

"Cheeseburgers and chips or potato salad would be good for all of us to eat. Cedric, that's my son, likes orange soda. Momma likes a cold beer now and then. I'll have whatever everyone else is having."

"What brand of beer?"

"She mostly can only afford the cheap stuff, but I know she has a Corona with lime when she wants to splurge a little."

"What does Cedric like to do? Since there aren't other kids here, he'll have to play with adults. Any games, like catch or something?"

"He's a little young for catch. He likes the board game Chutes and Ladders. He'll love swimming."

"Good. Can I ask you one more, very personal question?"

"You can ask."

"Have you ever been with anyone since this happened?"

She got a little fire in her eyes, glaring at me. "No! Are you offering?"

"Of course not, Shasta. That would be insulting. Insulting to you, my wife, Lisa and Rhonda. No. Not offering myself at all. You probably need lots of counseling and when it finally happens, it should be with someone you care for. I feel guilty for having sex in front of you now I know what happened, but when we have, you seemed more interested in the girl/guy thing than the girl/girl. I'm assuming from that you're not interested in sex with girls, and I'm guessing you can't trust men, so you don't have sex at all."

"You're probably right about the motivations, except it's not no sex, just no sex with people."

The girls laughed, Dawn saying, "Sometimes a vibrator is a girl's best friend."

Shasta smiled.

"You might think you've managed this long on your own, and except for a little slip today when you heard about Lucia, you've gotten along just fine and don't need help from anyone. I just feel it's sad, is all. Not even so much for the sex, as for the closeness of being with someone else, feeling their breath against your neck as you fall asleep, their arm around you. It's a miserable way to live your life, which is why I encourage you to start counseling and not continue the same as you have, no matter how well you're coping. The right person in your life is like a soothing balm, comfort when you ache. No one should have to live their life without those things in them."

"My son is those things for me, Scott."

"Children grow up, Shasta. They leave the nest. Someday you'll be alone and I would hate for that to happen to you. You deserve as much happiness as anyone else."

"Master Scott is right," Lucia said. "There's no shame in getting help when you need it. It doesn't make you weak. Don't you think Cedric should see and experience you having a loving relationship with someone. It will be how he learns to have one himself."

"I'll think about it, okay. I won't make promises, but I'll think about it."

"Good," I squeezed her hand one last time, then released it. "Feel free to stay as long as you like, Shasta, but Dawn told me she wanted to wear me out tonight and I'd better get started or I won't get any sleep. I feel awkward sitting in here with you and me not having anything on. Doesn't seem right, now I know."

I got out of the tub and helped Dawn out. Resting my hand on her ass, I guided her towards the house, leaving the rest of them soaking in the tub. Dawn had her wish granted. I used all three of her holes, starting with her mouth and ending with her ass. She went to sleep with a huge smile on her face. I thought about Shasta awhile before I fell asleep, wishing I could do more to help her. At least, I might be able to provide a positive male influence to her son.

******

JULIA

Jade and Riyuki woke me up at six-thirty, going muff diving to start the day. 

"Why so early?" I moaned, Jade's tongue dipping deep in my sheath.

Riyuki sat on my face, smothering further protest. 

"It's your duty to serve us, and you need to shower and eat before you get tattooed."

Since I couldn't protest further, I ceased trying. We tried a number of different positions enjoying all the ways three women could lap at liquid folds for forty-five minutes before they allowed me to shower. They rushed me through breakfast and brought me to the room they frequently used for piercing. It had a comfortable dentist type chair. Monique was waiting for me along with a tattoo artist, hired from the outside; a woman who was not surprised at all to see us nude.

Monique said, "Have a seat in the chair. I'm going to secure you to it so you can't move. Since you're being tattooed near your cunt, it will be painful and we don't want you to move. We do the same thing for piercings, to get an ideal piercing. We've used this artist before. She's very good. Give her the design you wish to have done."

I handed her the design Lisa had come up with. It showed two slave slave shackles with Lisa's and my initials in it, with chains extending to a handle, with Master's name. Another chain extended from my shackle to another one with Rhonda Meadows initials in it. What made it pretty, to me, was the flower garlands intertwined in the chains, which made it less severe and prettier. She began transferring the design to tracing paper. 

I sat down and the chair was lowered to a position comfortable for the artist. Monique secured me to the chair, all of my limbs close to my torso, then my waist itself. I could barely squirm.

"It's my job to give you orgasms to ease the pain of being tattooed. I'll give you one about every half hour until she's done. I can use my tongue which I discourage due to mouth bacteria so close to the tattoo location or a vibrator, the recommended method this morning."

"I'll take the vibrator, please." Made sense to me.

Monique produced a vibrator and gave me a fast orgasm, almost all orgasms fast for a needy slave like me. Then the artist started the tattoo. It was painful, but other things I experienced as a slave had prepared me for pain. Spankings, nipple clamps, being confined in positions for long times; even orgasm denial was a type of pain. She worked for a couple minutes, wiped blood away with a clean cloth to clear the field, then go again. I let myself go into sub space, the needle becoming an annoying throbbing as much as it was painful. 

True to her word, Monique gave me another orgasm every thirty minutes. While I was cumming, the artist was changing needles or dye, drinking water, or whatever else she had to keep herself busy until my climax was over, then start again. As I was immobile and could barely move, the work went quickly. About two hours later, she was finished. Lisa was now in the room, waiting for her own turn. She inspected the work while the artist held up a mirror to show me. It was exactly as I'd envisioned it. The tattoo proclaimed my slavery and submission to my Master, right by my cunt so he'd see it every time he fucked me.

The tattoo artist did a final wipe down, applied an anti-bacterial spray, blotted dry, then spread a thin layer of petroleum jelly and a bandage over the tattoo.

"Here's a list of instructions for caring for your tattoo," the artist said after I'd been released from the chair, handing me a sheet of paper. "Please follow them closely as they help ensure the tattoo doesn't get infected and it stays beautiful for a long time. I have two other instructions due to the location next to your pussy. You can't shave your pubes for at least a week, or until there's no more scabbing. You won't be able to see the tattoo as well as your hair grows back, but it will look fine when you shave again. You just can't have razors scraping the area until it's fully healed." 

I guess we'd all have to get a little used to cunt hair again. 

"The second one is no licking the area of the tattoo. I'd tell you to give it a week before someone licks down there, but I'm sure you won't listen to me anyway, but give it three days at least, then wash it afterward. You can lick your Mistress's pussy all you want, but no one can lick you."

"I have a Master," I said automatically. Not that it made a difference. Two other slaves normally licked me.

"Well he can't lick you either, but you can suck all the cock you want." Master would be happy about that anyway.

"Thank you," I said.

I glanced at the instructions as Lisa was strapped to the chair. 1. Remove the bandage after 24 hours. Gently wash the tattoo with antimicrobial soap and water and pat dry. 2. Apply a layer of antibacterial ointment twice a day, but don't put on another bandage. 3. Gently wash your tattoo area several times a day with soap and water and gently pat dry. 4. Keep applying a moisturizer or ointment after you clean it to keep it moist. A little harder to do with my pubic hair growing back.

The rest was general care and not as specific. Repeat this process for 2 to 4 weeks. Try not to wear clothes that will stick to your tattoo. Not really a problem for naked slaves. Avoid swimming and the sun for about 2 weeks. That would be a pain. Take cool showers. Another pain. We usually showered with Master and he liked hot water. So did I, for that matter. If your tattoo scabs a bit or develops hard layers, don't worry, but never pick, scratch, or peel it. You could get an infection or remove the color. If you think your tattoo is infected, or isn't healing properly, go see your doctor.

The rest of the aftercare: always put sunscreen on it. Not a problem; nothing worse than sunburn on my cunt. And moisturize it daily, especially if it's on an area of your body, such as your hands, where it can fade quickly. Did saliva count as moisturizer?

A couple tricky things, but nothing I couldn't live with. 

"Where to now?" I asked.

"Sam's slaves are receiving payment for services rendered to Mistress," Monique replied. "You will go to his house with your slave and provide said payment."

"Where might I find my slave?"

"Don't worry. She's already being sent there."

I headed towards Sam's carrying my sheet of instructions, the tattoo a dull ache on my mons. On the way, I met Rhonda going to the same place.

"How was your night?" I asked her.

"Exhausting," Rhonda replied. "Ingrid in particular was insatiable. I think she liked the contrast of my skin to her pale skin. It was until three o'clock last night and again, starting at seven this morning. How is your tattoo, Domina?"

"Beautiful, but sore. I'd show it to you, but I have to keep the bandage on until this time tomorrow."

We arrived at Sam's house. The three of them were there. It appeared Sam had just fucked Marcia. Fresh, white cream running from her cunt. Chantelle was cleaning her Master's cock. She stopped as we knelt in the presence of a Master.

"Good morning, slaves," Sam said, "were you informed of your purpose in being here this morning?"

Rhonda shook her head 'no'. I replied I was told we were supplying payment for services rendered. 

"Exactly," Sam said. "You and Rhonda will take turns satisfying my two slaves, a half hour on one, before swapping over to the other. In an hour, Chantelle has to assist with lunch preparations. Marcia will take you to a display room where you may inspect the jewelry you wish placed in your piercings this afternoon. You'll eat at noon and the piercings take place afterward. You'll be sleeping here tonight in our guest room as no one will be able to use your cunts tonight, though you'll be satisfying mine again before you retire."

"Will you be watching us service your slaves, Master Sam?" I asked. 

"Of course," he replied. "In fact, I anticipate having to use one of them during the process. I enjoy watching women with other women."

I was assigned to clean Marcia's cleft, then give her orgasms for a half hour. Rhonda started with Chantelle, midnight black on coffee with cream. Master Sam watched us, idly stroking his cock which grew quickly as he watched us. When the half hour was up, Rhonda started on Marcia. Before I was allowed to start on Chantelle, Sam fucked her, saying, "he'd yet to fuck her this morning, so it's her turn." Because he'd been stroking his cock as he watched us, it only took him five minutes to cum, and I ended up licking his cum out of Chantelle as well. It was a good thing I enjoyed the taste and texture of cum now, as I got a double dose of his, second hand.

Both of Sam's slaves greatly enjoyed our talents, each of them cumming multiple times. Our faces were well smeared in girl cum and mine also had some of Sam's seed around it from when Chantelle had ground my face against her pussy during her first climax after her fucking. Sam told us to wear our cum until lunch. Chantelle went to help with lunch. 

Marcia took us to the jewelry displays. I loved the way the slave badge dangled between her legs, chiming as she walked. I would get something similar for my own slave, and for me when I could finally be pierced. Lisa would be in charge of her own piercings, and I don't know what she wanted. Both Lisa and Rhonda were getting pierced today. I had to wait until after I delivered Junior before my cunt was pierced, and until after he was weaned before my nipples could be pierced. It was the only thing I regretted about my pregnancy other than how fat and graceless I felt. 

I allowed Rhonda to pick out the temporary posts and rings she would be wearing post piercing. I picked out the things she would be wearing when she bonded to me. I also picked out some other jewelry she would be receiving from her Domina for Christmas and later. I also saw some other things I'd like to get for all of my other employees. I could order them from the catalog, however and get them shipped.

Master sent me a text telling me he'd invited Shasta and her family over for hamburgers for lunch and she'd told everyone what happened to her, so I no longer needed to keep it secret from Lisa or Rhonda. I was happy she'd offered to share because I had an idea of what I'd like to give her for Christmas, but I probably needed Lisa's help to make it work. 

We went to lunch and before I was allowed to eat, Mistress Brianna made me pleasure her under the table. Monique was pleasured by Rhonda and Adele by Lisa, fresh from her tattooing. 

After she moaned her climax, Brianna handed me a napkin so I could finally clean my face. "I hope you're being kept busy, slave. You owe me a lot for providing Dawn, Zoe and Lucia for the weekend for your Master." Brianna stroked my hair and cheek, providing some measure of comfort for a poor slave without her Master.

"Yes, Mistress, very busy," I replied, dabbing at the cum around my mouth.

"Good. After the piercings, the aftercare won't allow you much sleep because they need to be treated every three hours. We'll let you doze as you can after nine so you're not too tired for your drive tomorrow, but there's nothing to prevent each of you from using your mouths, so expect to be used frequently until then."

"Yes, Mistress."

"How does your tattoo area feel?"

"It throbs, Mistress."

"The lack of orgasms to you will keep it aching more than you expect. You may use Tylenol for the pain, but no aspirin or ibuprofen as they're blood thinners. After the piercings, we'll provide analgesic and anti-bacterial creams. You may use them on your tattoo after the bandage comes off."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"Yes, Mistress."

"Go ahead and eat. You should keep your strength up."

"Thank you, Mistress."

I crawled out from under the table and took a seat with my fellow slaves. The meal was excellent as was most things in which Chantelle was involved.

At one-thirty, all three of us were led to the same room I'd received my tattoo. Since I wasn't getting pierced, I wondered why I was going, unless it was to observe the process for my own piercing at some later date. Lisa was the first one to go. She went into the chair and was strapped down as she was before. I saw for the first time how the legs of the chair could be parted, almost like a gynecological table. 

"How badly does this hurt?" Lisa asked, unable to move the slightest after she was strapped in. 

"No more than being whipped on your nipples and cunt," Monique replied. "We don't like you moving so we get the piercings perfectly aligned and in the exact location you want. Do you want horizontal or vertical piercings in your nipples." 

"Horizontal," Lisa said.

Monique took out a medical looking contraption which adjusted and she fiddled with it until it fit over Lisa's breasts and nipples perfectly. "This does both of them at once. It has spring loaded needles, so it's very fast and precise."

She washed her hands and put on surgical gloves. She thoroughly washed Lisa's nipples with an antiseptic agent. She gave me Listerine mouthwash to gargle with. 

"Why am I gargling with mouthwash?" I asked.

"To kill most of the germs in your mouth. You need to suck on Lisa's nipples to get them big and hard for the piercing. After you do so, we'll put them in this device after washing them with the antiseptic again." She pointed to a vibrator on a tray by the chair. "You will use that on Lisa until she orgasms. At the moment of climax, we'll do the piercing. Then we'll clean her cunt and do the piercing there while her body is still flooded with endorphins."

My purpose in the process now clear, I thoroughly rinsed my mouth with the Listerine, swishing for over two minutes. I then sucked on my sister slave's nipples until they were as taut as I could make them. Taking the vibrator, I started fucking Lisa with it. While I was engaged in pleasing her, Monique washed her breasts again and positioned the device on her nipples. At the moment of climax, Monique pulled a trigger and the needles pierced her flesh accompanied by Lisa's groan. There was very little bleeding, considering how flushed they'd been.

Monique removed the device, wiped her breasts with the antiseptic again and pulled her studs from an antiseptic bath and quickly inserted both of them. She replaced the two needles with new ones, taken from sterile packages. The process was treated almost like a doctors office, except for the use of my mouth to stimulate her. On the echo, Monique was washing Lisa's pussy with the same antiseptic, then used a long, curved needle to pierce her outer labia. Lisa flinched substantially. Monique re-swabbed the piercing and inserted the hoop Lisa had chosen for herself, also soaking in antiseptic. It locked into place. They held up a mirror so Lisa could see the piercings in her nipples and especially, the one in her labia. It looked lovely. If it weren't so sore right now and the risk of infection so great, I would have greatly loved licking my sister slave to an orgasm. Lisa was released from the chair and it was Rhonda's turn.

"Are you still sure you wish to do this, slave?" I asked.

"Yes, Domina." 

I kissed her and she got in the chair and was strapped down. Her ornaments were placed beside the chair, soaking in antiseptic solution. 

"Since Rhonda doesn't have a tattoo, you may use either the vibrator or your tongue to give her an orgasm."

I loved the tangy sweetness of my slave's cunt, so the answer was easy. "My tongue."

While they washed the areas to receive the piercings, Monique made me use the Listerine mouthwash once more. My slave's nipples were naturally erect and pouty, but they were still teased to tautness and blood infused fullness as the contraption was adjusted for her breasts and nipples. After washing them again, it was locked into place and I began giving my slave an orgasm. She couldn't wriggle and squirm, being bound so tightly to the chair, but her moans were music as her release grew closer. At the first sign of her orgasm, Monique pulled the trigger and both nipples were perforated with a wide gauge needle. The device was removed, both breasts washed again and her two jeweled studs inserted in the puckered buds. 

I stepped back and Rhonda's pussy was swabbed with antiseptic once more, dabbed dry with a clean cotton towel. Monique pinched the outer labia in the fingers of one hand and made the insertion, Rhonda groaning slightly. She wiped it again, then inserted the hoop, gold because it looked so marvelous on her dark skin. They held a mirror up for Rhonda so she could look at her new slave jewelry. 

"I love the look, slave," I said. "You look splendid."

"Thank you, Domina."

Monique handed us four tubes of ointment. "This is an analgesic/antiseptic salve. It helps prevent infection while the piercings heal, as well as deaden the normal ache. You need to put it on the piercings every three hours for the next three days. Put it on the tattoos when the bandages are removed tomorrow and every three hours. It's why I gave you four tubes. I want you to set a timer on your watch, starting now, so you do it without fail. We've never had a case of infection when people follow the instructions." I set my watch timer. "If you shower, put it on immediately after the shower to replace what washed off. If the analgesic in the cream is not sufficient to tame the pain, you can use Tylenol." She handed us a small bottle. "Do not use aspirin nor ibuprofen, both of which are blood thinners. We want to keep bleeding to a minimum. Don't remove the jewelry we inserted for at least a week. We want the wounds to heal nicely before you start replacing jewelry. Don't hang anything on the hoop in your cunts for at least two weeks, then you may hang something light from it. You won't be wearing any clothes until you leave, and then only outer garments. The more air they receive, the quicker they will heal. No oral attentions to the piercings for those three days. The salve doesn't taste good anyway. Any questions?"

We all said no. Neither Lisa nor Rhonda would be getting any oral sex for the next three days, which wasn't good in a place filled with lesbians. 

"You may lie down at Sam's until supper to give yourself some time for the pain to dissipate. After supper, you'll be back on cunt licking duty until nine. Since you need to get up every three hours to apply the salve, you won't get much rest, which is why you may go to bed earlier. You'll be awakened at 7:30 tomorrow morning to resume your duties after breakfast. After lunch, you may depart for Fresno."

"Thank you, Monique."

"You're welcome." She kissed each of us and sent us on our way. We made our way back to Sam's and lay down. We didn't snuggle, mostly lying on our back attempting to remain still as much as possible.

As we lay there, staring up at the ceiling, I told them of Shasta's gang rape and the accident caused by the gang leader attempting to take Shasta's son.

Rhonda was pissed. "Is she going to prosecute the sons of bitches who did this, Domina?"

"The gang leader is dead. He died in the same crash that injured her. He's the only one who wanted her child. I don't believe she wants the others arrested for rape. Not only doesn't she want to have to testify in court, which might bring more danger to herself or her family, I suspect she doesn't want her child to know how he was conceived."

"Fuck! I know some of those bastards. We've had run-ins with them before. Even if we don't arrest the assholes, maybe I can make their lives hell for other reasons."

"That's up to you, but I wanted to do something else, and I might need your help in doing it, Lisa."

"What do you want to do?"

"Our health insurance doesn't provide for cosmetic surgery. For Christmas, I'd like to pay to have some of her scars repaired, particularly on her face. I'm not sure how much it would cost and although we've banked a lot of money, I may not have enough to do it myself."

"I'll go in for half," Lisa said.

"No you won't," Rhonda said, "as I'm going in for a third."

I squeezed both of their hands. "Thank you. Is it any wonder I love you both as much as I do. I'm so happy."

******

SCOTT

I woke up to Dawn sucking my cock, already half hard. As soon as she realized I was awake, she mounted me, riding me hard. Not as hard as I wanted given she woke me up, so I flipped her off me and plunged into her from behind, driving forcefully into her liquid heat.

"Fuck!" She groaned as I plumbed her depths, "I love it when you manhandle me that way. Women just don't do that."

I slammed into her again. "Like this?" Again, harder. She moaned. "Like this?" Battering her pussy with my pelvic bone. "Wake me up this fucking early, will you?"

"Oh, shit, I'm cumming, you bastard. Fuck me!"

Never one to disappoint a lady, particularly when she was following my own agenda, I fucked her. After I orgasmed, spewing a night's worth of cream into her sodden pussy, I made her suck me hard, then fucked her again, going longer this time. I made her scream that time. When we finished the second time, we both lay sprawled across the bed, exhausted. My cum was dribbling out of her cunt.

I decided to tidy up after myself, since there was no one else to do it. I started lapping Dawn's cunt.

"Be gentle. It's very tender right now," Dawn moaned. 

I finished up, then said, "Not as tender as it's going to be."

"Sir?"

"That's the first time you've addressed me properly this morning. Not 'fuck me, you bastard, sir'. Not 'fuck me, you bastard, Master'. Not a 'women don't do that, sir'. Pretty much ignoring my honorifics all morning. Apparently, you feel it's okay to slack off when you're getting fucked and your Mistress is not around. I'm here to tell you, you're very much mistaken."

As I spoke, the nature of her infraction dawned on her and a panicked look replaced the look of post coital bliss.

"I'm sorry, Master Scott."

"That's the first time I've heard it spoken this morning." I yelled loudly, "Lucia, I require your assistance, please."

In two minutes, Lucia was in the room, her eyes darting around to see if there were danger anywhere. None for me, perhaps, but lots for Dawn.

"Good morning, Master Scott. Do you require my assistance?" She asked, puzzled.

"Yes, slave, I do. It seems this slave," I pointed to Dawn, "doesn't feel it's necessary to address a Master as Master or Sir when she's being fucked. Bastard flies right off her tongue though. I think I need to address this failing on her part. What punishment do slaves receive on Mistress Brianna's estate if a slave does not address her properly?"

"Twenty swats with a paddle, sir." Lucia smiled. "How many times did she fail to address you properly?"

"Three times," I replied. "There was an 'I love the way you manhandle me,' a 'fuck me, you bastard,' and a 'be gentle, I'm very tender right now'. That's sixty, yes?"

Zoe had shown up finally to see what the fuss was about, standing in the doorway.

"Sixty for sure, Master Scott," she said.

"Well, this slave needs to be punished."

I dragged her out of bed. She didn't try and fight me. She knew the punishment was earned. I pulled the suspension point out from the bed frame and hooked her on it until she was standing on her tiptoes, her slim body taut. I took out The Enforcer, the only paddle I owned. Dawn recognized it, her time in the sex toy shop not totally wasted. 

"Not The Enforcer, sir," she begged.

"It's the only paddle I own, slave."

I decided to give her a break, putting spreader bars on her ankles, then lowering her slightly until she was on tiptoes again. I'd fuck her with the handle halfway through and give her another orgasm to go with those she'd had already this morning. 

"How hard?" I asked. 

Zoe replied, "Depends on who's giving them. Mistress usually goes the lightest of all. When she delegates it to Adele, it's usually harder. Sometimes, she delegates it to Sam, who's the hardest of all, as Marcia and Chantelle like sound spankings every so often."

"Has Dawn ever been spanked by Sam?" I asked.

"He trained her," Zoe laughed. "It's who Dawn started with, sir."

As she was getting sixty, I decided something less than the normal amount of force. Within five strokes, she was dancing. By fifteen, she was groaning. By thirty, she was crying, her entire ass flame red. I flipped the Enforcer around and fucked her with the handle until she was dancing for an entirely separate reason. When she'd had two more orgasms, I continued the spanking. She was fairly limp when I finished even though I'd taken some off the last thirty strokes.

"Lucia," I said. "I know you and Dawn are close friends. Perhaps you'd like to lick her to two more orgasms to soothe her while she's hanging here before you release her?"

"Yes, Master Scott."

Lucia knelt in front of Dawn. When her hands gripped Dawn's bottom to steady her, Dawn flinched and Lucia moved her hands to her hips instead. Dawn was quickly moaning in lust.

"Zoe, perhaps you'd like to assist with breakfast?"

"Of course, sir."

Before we got started, I had to kiss and fondle her for a few minutes, giving her an orgasm to start off her day. We started breakfast.

"We may have a bit of a problem, Master Scott," Zoe said, putting bread in the toaster.

"What kind of problems?" I asked.

"We didn't travel with swimsuits to your house as we knew nudity was acceptable to you. You told Shasta we wouldn't be nude today."

I stopped stirring the eggs for a second, thinking.

"Dawn might be able to get into one of Julia's old suits, though she's slimmer in the hips. Lucia might fit in one of Lisa's. I don't know what to do about you though."

"I'd say I could wear one of my maternity smocks, but none of them is terribly long. We don't usually carry a large selection of clothes unless we're staying with vanillas. I'm afraid I might be flashing our guests."

"Perhaps you could wear one of Julia's things, although I believe she wore the longest of them to Brianna's. Maybe one of her old nightshirts or my oversized football or hockey jerseys?"

Lucia and Dawn joined us in the kitchen. Dawn began setting the table. Lucia took over for Zoe so she could sit down as the more pregnant of the two. 

"We're going to need groceries for today," I said. 

"I'm familiar with the area," Lucia said. "I can go shopping."

"Go to Target or WalMart, please. Pick up a Chutes and Ladders and maybe a couple other kid's games from the same age group; a large rubber or plastic ball which will float in the pool, kids water wings or noodles. Make sure to get orange soda, Coronas and limes, mild cheddar and American cheese slices for the burgers. I have potato chips, but get some pre-made potato salad and Cole slaw, more eggs for tomorrow and whatever Dawn would like to drink."

"I'll have Coronas, Master Scott," Dawn said.

"Coronas sound good to me, too. Get a case and a half dozen limes. Zoe mentioned you didn't bring swim suits. You could pick up something for yourselves, my treat. Zoe, why don't you go with so you get something that fits. Dawn, what size are you?"

"34C bra, small bottoms, sir."

"Much better, slave." I smiled at her. "Would you like to sit down?"

"No, sir." Dawn gave me a saucy grin. "I'm perfectly comfortable standing."

"When our guests arrive, you may desist calling me Master or sir while thy are here."

"Yes, sir."

We all sat down for breakfast, Dawn the only one who remained standing. "Not yet, sir," she said when I invited her to sit down. After breakfast, Lucia and Zoe left to do the shopping. Dawn and it cleaned up after breakfast, then tidied up the house and patio, putting my bed back together. Dawn vacuumed the house and I wiped down all the tables and chairs outside and prepared the grill. By the time Zoe and Lucia returned, the place was looking pretty spiffy.

At 10:30, we all showered and put on swimsuits. At 11:00 my doorbell rang and I opened the door to let Shasta, her mother, and Cedric into the house. Her mother was a sturdy, firm woman in her mid-forties. Cedric stood quietly clinging to Shasta's leg as she introduced us.

"Scott, this is my mother, Bernice, and my son, Cedric." She patted his head affectionately. "My pride and joy. Momma, this is Scott, Zoe, Lucia, and Dawn."

Bernice took my hand in her firm grip and shook it. "Pleased, Scott. Which of these ladies is your wife? Shasta tells me she's pretty far along. Is it this lovely lady?" Taking Zoe's hand.

Apparently, she knew something about our household, knowing there were three women here, but not necessarily their names.

"I'm sorry, Bernice, but my wife and other companions are in Los Angeles this weekend. These are other friends visiting for the weekend. It's a long story which we can share later if you wish. In the meantime, I have something here I thought Cedric might like." 

I reached behind me and Dawn placed a big red ball in my hand and I held it out for Cedric. "We thought you might like to play with this today."

He stared at the ball with a gleam in his eye, then looked up at his mother.

"It's okay, Cedric. You can take the ball. He's not a stranger to me."

He held out his hands and I put the ball in it.

"What do you say, Cedric?" Shasta asked.

"Thank you, sir."

"You're welcome, Cedric. Why don't you go out to the pool with these three ladies. They have some other things for you out there." 

He looked at his mother again. "It's okay. I'll be out in a minute."

Shasta waited until my three ladies led him out to the patio, then said. "You didn't have to do that. What other things did you get for him?"

"Some water wings for his arms, and a couple of noodle things to help keep him above water, a couple of age appropriate games including Chutes and Ladders. The women are all used to keeping any eye on children around water. He'll be fine."

"Thank you."

"You're welcome. May I?" I held my arms open for her and she stepped into them and I gave her a brief hug, then did the same for Bernice. "I'm so glad you could join us today. Would you like a Corona with lime?" I asked Bernice.

"My baby told you what I like?" 

"She did. Several of the rest of us are drinking them today too."

"Thank you."

"Shasta, same for you?"

"Fine."

I opened up four bottles of Corona, put them in cold cubbies and added slices of lime to each. I also poured an orange soda into a plastic cup with a couple ice cubes and two glasses of ice water. I handed Shasta the orange soda and one of the beers. I handed Bernice two of the other beers and put the rest of it on a tray to carry out. We went out onto the porch and Lucia was sitting on the ground rolling the ball back and forth with Cedric. He looked up when we came out.

"Look momma. I'm playing catch."

"I see that. Very nice."

Dawn and Zoe had blown up the water wings for Cedric and were relaxing on a couple of the noodles in the pool. I handed Dawn her beer, Zoe a water and placed the other water on a table next to Lucia. 

Shasta set the orange soda next to Lucia's water, saying, "Here's an orange pop for you to drink when you're done playing catch, Cedric."

"Thank you, Momma." 

The three of us sat down on the edge of the pool and dangled our feet in the water.

"Did you bring a suit, Bernice?" I asked.

"It's under my dress."

"I don't know what Shasta has told you about our situation here, Bernice, but my wife and I live with another woman in a marital type relationship. I think you should judge me and mine by what we are, not what you might have heard."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
"She said. Also said there's another woman here. A police officer, black woman, though I thought I misunderstood when I come in." Bernice looked at Shasta.

"No, she's black. Perhaps Shasta didn't feel it was her part to tell you too much about us or perhaps she was concerned you would worry for her if she told you, but are you familiar with Dominant/submissive relationships?"

"Like that 'Fifty Shades of Gray' movie?"

"Yes, very similar to that."

"My daughter work here with that?"

"Well, kind of. I work during the day and usually Shasta is gone before I get home. My women like to work without clothes as they're used to being naked, so she's exposed to that. Before realizing what happened to her, we were kind of careless about what happened while she was around. We'll be more careful now."

"You work naked too, girl? Don't lie to me."

"Yes, Momma. I usually have my clothes on before Scott gets home. I didn't put them on for the first time yesterday."

"Is that why you invite us today, see her naked again, maybe me too?"

"No. We just found out yesterday what happened to Shasta a few years ago, how she had Cedric. We didn't know. Shasta doesn't speak a great deal about herself. We thought we should be better friends, someone she's comfortable in confiding in, asking for help if she needs it. That's why we invited you. I have no ulterior motives."

"You don't make her do any of that shit do you? You not trying to turn her into one of your slave women."

"I would never make Shasta do anything she doesn't want to do, and in her case, I believe she should receive counseling before doing anything even remotely like that. Even before she should get a regular boyfriend. I don't think it would be good for her. The other woman who lives here, the black woman, is in a submissive relationship to my wife."

She looked surprised at that.

Cedric had gotten into the pool with his little water wings and was lying on a noodle. "Look at me, Momma! I'm swimming. You see. I'm swimming." He was splashing. Both Dawn and Zoe were keeping a close eye on him.

"I see you, baby. Good job."

"Who are these other women?" Bernice asked.

"My women went to LA for some unknown reason that's supposed to be a surprise to me. I have my suspicions, but I don't know. As they were going to be gone for the entire weekend, they arranged for Dawn and Zoe to come and keep me company. Lucia came to see her primary baby doctor on Friday, so she came with them."

Lucia came and sat down with us, still keeping an eye on the youngster in the pool. 

"Are they submissives?"

"They are, but not to me. All of them are submissive to a woman Mistress in LA."

Shasta spoke for the first time except when her mother asked her a question. "Lucia was raped like me, Momma, years ago. She had injuries, couldn't have children. She was seeing a baby doctor here in Fresno. She's carrying Scott's child now." Bernice looked sharply at Lucia. "Zoe is his college girlfriend. Dawn came because she's bisexual and likes both men and women, but doesn't get to fuck men much. Scott is someone her Mistress allows her to have sex with."

"Your wife lets you fuck other women?"

"As does she."

"Is that baby yours too?" Pointing to the very pregnant Zoe.

"No, ma'am. Not mine. I tell you all of this because I want to be a better friend to your daughter and her family. I don't want you to worry about her. I will look after her like you would. Both my wife and our lover were raped by her ex-husband. Lucia was horribly hurt, and now I know Shasta was too."

"I see something about that on TV, don't I?"

"Probably, it was in the news quite a bit when it happened."

"Somebody shoot that no good bastard. Should happen to all rapers."

"That was Lucia, Momma," Shasta said. 

Bernice look sharply at Lucia, tiny and now pregnant. Lucia smiled warmly at her and said, "Shasta speaks truth, Bernice. Women should never be mistreated like that. When I came to this country, I learned self defense so I could protect myself if anyone ever tried to rape me again. I was lucky enough to be in a position to help when it was needed."

"Yet you slave to some woman?"

"That word probably means something different to you than it means to me. I'm a slave by choice. It's as much a relationship about love as it is anything else. I surrendered some of my power to my Mistress, but she cares a great deal for me and takes good care of me. I haven't lost anything I didn't willingly give."

"I can't say I understand. Maybe I just need to see myself."

"That's all I ask, Bernice. Try not to judge us until you see for yourself," I said. "It's why I'm not trying to hide anything from you. Can I get you another beer?"

She handed me her empty. "Sure." Shasta still had a half bottle left. Dawn's was almost full. She'd only had a couple sips while in the water.

"Dawn, could you help me with the food?"

"Yes, Master Scott."

"I told you to tone that down while we had guests," I groused.

"You told her, sir. No point in keeping it secret now. I need to practice so I don't get another spanking," Dawn replied saucily.

Bernice flinched when she heard it, but Dawn went over to the side of the pool and patted her knee. "Don't mind us. I actually kind of enjoyed it. As Lucia said, I'm in this voluntarily. I've had a real good time this weekend. Having to wear clothes is worse than the spanking." She smiled brightly and got out of the pool.

We went into the house and I prepared another Corona and lime, sending Dawn out with the drink with orders to return. While she was gone, I stirred some Lipton onion mix and a little A1 sauce in with the hamburger meat, then molded it into patties. I figured ten to twelve burgers for the seven of us, as they were big patties and extras would last for a few days in the fridge. I stacked them on a platter with a clean platter beneath, and put a dozen slices of cheese on a plate, all put on a tray. I added salt and pepper to the tray, tongs for turning the burgers and napkins and silverware. Dawn put the potato salad in a bowl of ice and grabbed the chips. We went back out. I cranked up the grill and started cooking the burgers. Dawn went back inside for plates.

Lucia, Zoe, and Shasta had gotten Cedric out of the pool and dried him off and were starting a game of Chutes and Ladders with him. While I cooked the burgers, Bernice wanted to ask me more questions. 

"Can I ask you how this works between you and the three women you're with normally?"

"Go ahead. I'll answer as honestly as I can."

"Do you all share the same bed or do they take turns having sex with you?"

"The police woman works nights Sunday through Friday, so normally it's only the three of us, but Friday and Saturday nights, she joins us. The rest of us all sleep together."

"You must have a big bed if four of you sleep on it."

I heard Shasta groan when she hit a chute and got sent way back. Cedric was laughing with her.

"The largest made; an Alaskan King, nine feet by nine feet. I can show it to you later if you're really interested."

"All of you have sex together, the women too."

"Yes, the women have sex too. The police woman is nominally a lesbian. She prefers sex with women and only has sex with me because my wife insists. In fact, they have more sex with each other than they have with me, since there are three of them than only one of me. It would be impossible to have sex as often as they wish to have it if they had to depend on me."

"How often do they want to fuck?"

I was flipping the burgers now. "They like to have ten or more orgasms a day usually. If I'm lucky, I'm responsible for half of them. The rest come from each other."

"Ten times a day? Bullshit!"

"Dawn, how many times a day do you cum?"

"At least seven or eight. I wish it was more," Dawn answered, sipping on her beer. "Last night was great. You made me cum a dozen times at least."

Bernice was speechless.

"All sex slaves are highly sexed," I explained. "Their Masters or Mistresses expect them to have sex at a moments notice. They go naked all the time or without underclothes so they are always ready for sex. They can fuck without foreplay and cum easily and often. The greatest punishment I can give my slaves is not letting them cum. They would much prefer being spanked with a paddle then denied their orgasms. If I were to finger Dawn now, she'd probably cum within three or four minutes. All of them agree the sex they have as a slave is superior to anything they experienced before they became slaves."

Bernice looked to Dawn for confirmation and she nodded it was true. "No question."

In the background, Lucia was saying, "I win, I win." I laughed to hear it. Soon she'd have her own child to play with.

"Were you always this way?"

"A Dominant? No. It started about eight or nine months ago. My wife, Julia, was always reading these books about women taken in sexual slavery, some of it science fiction, abducted by aliens or the like. I read a couple of her books and asked her if she'd like to experience it for real. I'd become her dominant and she'd be my slave, just as an experiment for three weeks. At the end of it, she didn't want it to end. She wanted to remain my slave."

"How did the others get involved?" 

Another game had started, but Shasta came over to listen to us, wondering what we were talking about. Dawn offered to get her another Corona and Shasta accepted.

"Lisa was our next door neighbor and Julia's best friend. When she saw how much Julia was enjoying herself, she asked to become one too."

"Were they fucking before?"

"No, neither of them had sex with women before Julia's slavery started. Rhonda was helping us when we were having the rapist problems. She knew we were all together and they were submissive. She didn't believe a slave could have an orgasm while they were whipped. Julia bet her a day in slavery to her she could make Rhonda cum whipping her. Rhonda lost and became a slave for a day. She didn't want to stop either. She agreed to become Julia's slave even if it meant having sex with me."

"I don't believe it," Bernice said. "A woman cum while being whipped."

"I've seen it, Momma," Shasta said. "Scott is being truthful." 

Bernice looked at us in wonder.

"Are all white folks this strange?"

I was flipping the burgers the second time and adding the cheese.

"Well, I don't think it's exclusive to whites. Rhonda is black. Dawn's Mistress has Indian, Japanese, Chinese, Swedish and Hispanic slaves. I know of another black slave, bonded to a Master. Zoe is a lawyer, Rhonda and another woman are police officer's, and they know of an FBI agent. I believe it cuts across all cultural lines, economic classes, and occupations. I don't think it's for everyone. Might be like sexual orientation. Maybe you're born one way or the other. Maybe you never know until you try it. I didn't know I'd like it until I tried it."

"Are you fucking these women?" Bernice asked Shasta.

"I have even less desire to fuck a woman than a man," Shasta replied. "None of them has made any improper moves on me. They are what they are and not trying to force themselves on anyone else. You think I'd invite you and Cedric if I thought they were?"

"Burgers are up," I said. "Medium. If you want them cooked more, let me know."

"Stop your game, Cedric. You can leave the board there," Shasta said, "and finish the game after you eat."

"'Kay, Momma." He leaped to his feet and came over, hugging Shasta around her legs. "I'm having a great time. Are you?"

"I'm having a wonderful time. Here's a burger. Do you want potato chips or potato salad with it?"

"Can I have both?"

"A little of both, but just a little. Eat what you have, then you can have more."

"'Kay. Lucie, you sit with me?"

"Of course, little man. I'd love to sit with you. Let me get my food."

Zoe lifted him onto a chair and he started eating. 

"I'm so glad you get to have your own kids, Lucia," I said. "You love them."

"I do. This is good practice, isn't it. Thanks for sharing him, Shasta."

Lucia sat down with Cedric and he was soon chattering away on any number of topics, Lucia listening with the greatest of interest to every one. I gave cheeseburgers to everyone else and they helped themselves to the rest of the food. I wanted another Corona with my burger. 

Seeing Dawn's bottle was empty, I asked, "You want another beer, Dawn?"

"Yes, please, Maassster," just this side of impertinent. 

I laughed, "Anyone else?" 

"I'll have another please, Scott," Shasta said, finishing the last bit in her bottle.

I took the empties with me for the recycle. I got three beers, added more lime and brought them out, sitting beside Zoe. I gave her a quick peck. 

"Are you having fun?"

"Very much, sir. This is nice. Everyone seems to be enjoying themselves. Are you?"

"I am. It's a taste of what it's going to be like with my own son."

Everyone ate. Zoe and I had two cheeseburgers apiece. Shasta and Lucia shared their second, Lucia eating the lions share. After eating, Cedric finished the game he started before lunch. After it was over, everyone wanted to play one game. 

"We only have four pieces," Cedric said.

"We can make our own, Cedric," Lucia said, taking a penny, nickel and dime from her purse. "I'll be the penny, you be the dime, your Momma can be the nickel, and everyone else can take a piece."

So all seven of us played Chutes and Ladders and it got quite raucous. I thought I was going to win until I hit that last slide that took me back nearly to the beginning. Bernice ended up winning. We all ended up in the pool and I showed Cedric how the ball floated and we could play catch in the pool. He played hard with several of us for an hour, then he started to get tired.

"We should go," Shasta said. "Cedric needs a nap."

"You don't need to go," I said. "We can put him down in my bed. When he gets up, we can order a couple pizzas. He's having a good time. No point in ending it early."

"Momma," Shasta asked, "is it okay with you?"

"I got no place to go, Shasta. You want to stay, we can stay."

We put Cedric in the middle of my bed. Lucia and Zoe decided to take a nap too, laying down on either side of him and Cedric was happy to have his new buddies with him. Bernice saw how large it was. 

"No wonder four people can sleep in this bed. This the biggest bed I ever saw." 

"We love it."

The rest of us got more beers and went into the hot tub. Dawn snuggled up next to me.

"Thank you for inviting us, Scott," Shasta said, leaning back. "I've had more fun today than I remember in a long time."

"You're welcome. It's been our pleasure. Cedric is a great young man. You've done well by him."

"I had a lot of help from Momma," Shasta said, squeezing her hand. "She raised him more than I did with me having to work all the time."

We chatted about a number of things, learning more about Bernice, and Shasta's father. He was a tank driver, dying in the second Gulf War which deposed Saddam when Shasta was only five years old. Bernice had essentially been a single mother ever since, taking care of first Shasta, then Cedric when Shasta was raped at age eighteen. At five-thirty, Cedric woke up and Lucia brought him out to the pool. We ordered pizza and soda. By eight, Cedric was worn out and the three of them got ready to go. I told Cedric to take the ball with him, but we'd keep the rest of the things here so he'd have something to play with the next time he came to visit.

"Can we come back, Momma?" He begged.

"If we're invited, we'll come back, I promise. Thank Mr. Rivers for inviting us so he'll want to invite us again."

"Thank you, Mr. Rivers."

"You're welcome, Cedric. I was very pleased to make your acquaintance." 

"Promise me something, Mr. Rivers," Bernice said, lingering as the others left. "Don't you ever hurt my baby girl."

"That's an easy promise to make. I will never intentionally hurt your daughter, nor will anyone else if I have any say in the matter."

"I can't say I understand your life in the slightest, but you seem like nice enough folks."

"Coming from you, Bernice, I would consider your words to be high praise. Thank you for coming." 

She nodded and ducked out. The rest of us retired to my bedroom and found ways to entertain ourselves until we went to sleep.

******

JULIA

Our alarm had gone off once and I applied the salve to Lisa's and Rhonda's piercings. We then dozed again until Marcia woke us up for supper. As we had done for lunch, we had to do for supper, more or less singing for our supper, save we did the licking and those licked did the singing. I was doing Adele, Lisa was doing Dorinda, and Rhonda was taking care of Jade. I don't know how they determined who we'd pleasure, whether it was totally random or there was some unknown plan. We were allowed to eat after pleasing our assigned woman. When everyone had eaten, all three of us were tied down to Mistress Brianna's bed, the two on the outside with their heads near the headboard. Rhonda, in the middle, tied down with her feet near our heads and her head at the bottom of the bed. 

I wondered at the arrangement until women started coming in and riding our faces. Having us alternated kept them from getting in the way of each other. For two and a half hours, we lay there, confined, as woman after woman took advantage of our positions and helplessness to seek their pleasure on our tongues, often multiple times. Even Master Sam's slaves used us for their release. We, on the other hand, could not cum, so our need rose exponentially as we satisfied our partners. 

When our three hour alarm went off, whoever was in the room with us applied the salve to the piercings. No one bothered to wipe our faces, so I could see Lisa's face glazed in a mask from the cum of countless women. I imagine mine looked as bad. I know I licked every woman living on the estate save the three sharing Master's bed currently. 

Mistress Brianna was the last one to use me before our scheduled stop time at nine. She moaned and writhed on my lips as she climaxed, going a second time after, she enjoyed the first so much. Adele and Monique were using the other two.

"You're a much better cunt licker than when your slavery first started," Brianna moaned. "You've done well, slaves, repaying us for the use of mine. One more session tomorrow morning and I'll consider your debt paid. I hope your husband is using my slave's well. You may clean up before retiring." 

She climbed off me and patted my head. "You seem pensive, slave. Why so thoughtful?"

"We just learned yesterday a friend of ours was gang raped when she was eighteen, traumatizing her, Mistress. She had a child as a result. The leader of the street gang who did the raping tried to take her son. He was attempting to run her off the road so he could claim the child for the gang and she was in a bad car accident and disfigured as a result. My sister slaves and I have decided to finance plastic surgery as a Christmas gift to have the scars on her face taken care of. I was wondering at the cost of the surgery and if we'd have enough to take care of the scars elsewhere on her body. As far as I can tell, she doesn't have sex with anyone. I'm sure partly due to the trauma, but perhaps she no longer feels pretty anymore."

"What's your friend's name and is she a slave?" Brianna asked.

"Shasta, Mistress. She's not a slave. She works for my company. I doubt any responsible owner would accept her slavery until she's had counseling. She broke down when Lucia was describing her experiences. Our health insurance doesn't pay for elective cosmetic surgery. It's not bad enough to be necessary, merely bad enough to be disfiguring."

"Monique, put out an email to all staff asking them if they'd like to contribute. Include Sam and his slaves."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 6|
--------------------------------------------
"Yes, Mistress." Monique, who was still riding Rhonda's face, climbed off, picked up her phone and addressed one to everyone.

"You don't have to do that, Mistress," I said. "It's not the reason I told you."

"Nobody's being forced to donate. They'll do it of their own will if they're willing. I suspect most will, simply because they understand the nature of what happened to Lucia. It's a horrific thing to happen to any young woman." 

In three minutes Monique started receiving responses.

"Sam will write you a check tomorrow for the amounts people chose to donate. He's in charge of our personal finances."

I knelt at Brianna's feet and hugged her legs. "Thank you, Mistress. This means a great deal to me, and I'm sure it will to Shasta as well."

Rhonda and Lisa followed suit. It seemed we might have more to assist Shasta than I could have believed possible. We hugged each other, then returned to Sam's place, retiring to sleep. A three hour alarm set to wake us whenever we needed to apply ointment.

******

SCOTT

We were taking a break in our activities. Dawn had just been fucked again and Zoe and Lucia were cleaning us off. Suddenly, all three slaves received a text at the same time. They each responded quickly, then resumed doing whatever they'd been doing prior to getting the text, which in this case was Zoe, licking my cock.

"What's that all about?" I asked. 

Zoe looked up at me from between my legs. "You'll see, Master Scott. It's nothing to concern you at the moment."

"It isn't about my slaves, is it?"

Dawn was arching her hips into Lucia's mouth as she orgasmed, again. She'd cum six times already. When they were done, Dawn and I would have to return the favor, both women more than willing to accept oral favors from anyone, even me.

"No," Dawn moaned. "Nothing about any slaves at all, sir."

Mollified, I let Zoe complete her task, then switched places with her, going between her legs and dining on her liquid heat until she squealed in delight.

"You didn't used to be so talented with your mouth, Master Scott. You've gotten much better since you have to satisfy three slaves."

I paused. "Granted, I'm probably better than I was eleven years ago, Zoe, but you weren't a slave at the time either. It doesn't take any time to get a slave off. It's harder to keep them from cumming."

"Touché, sir. I'm a much bigger slut than I used to be."

I gave her a couple more before stopping for the night. Lucia and Dawn were winding up too, Dawn pleasing Lucia in return for her pleasure. I slept with my arms abound Zoe, feeling the baby moving within her as I liked to feel it move in Julia.

******

JULIA

After a night of interrupted sleep, Chantelle woke us early. 

"I need to cum before I start in the kitchen," she said. "Sam and Marcia are still sleeping."

I dined on her pussy while Rhonda and Lisa sucked on her beautiful breasts. We gave her two orgasms before she left. I looked at the timer on my watch. 

"We might as well get up. There's only fifteen minutes before the alarm goes off again."

Lisa and I took sponge baths so as not to dampen the bandages on our mons. Rhonda took a shower, then I put more cream on the holes in her nipples and labia. 

Rhonda moaned in frustration as I smoothed the cream over her pussy piercing. "I'm so desperate to cum, Domina. I'm not sure how much longer I can last."

"You'll last as long as you need to, slave. I'm not getting any sex either."

"I didn't realize how little we could fuck when we decided to get these," Lisa said.

"It's only two more days. At least you're not wearing a Slave Trainer."

"Two more days," Rhonda moaned. "I haven't gone without cumming for three days since my slavery started. What makes it worse for me is all these delicious cunts I need to satisfy."

"I can make it three more days if you continue to bitch," I offered.

Rhonda quickly grew panicked. "I'm sorry, Domina." Nothing worse to a slave than being unable to cum.

We went to breakfast. I essentially started the new day sexually, the same way I'd ended the previous one; licking Brianna to an orgasm, as did Rhonda and Lisa, pleasuring one of Brianna's slaves under the table. I'd had so much cunt lately, Sam's cock was looking mighty fine to me when I was allowed to sit and take my meal. Some nice salty, thick cum sounded so good to me right now. I laughed, thinking of how much I'd changed since my slavery began. Not wanting or liking the texture of Master's semen to craving a cock to suck and a salty load as a refreshing change of pace. 

Marcia, sitting next to me, wanted to know why I laughed. "Before my slavery, I had a difficult time swallowing cum. It wasn't so much the taste as the texture, the thickness of it. I quickly learned to love the taste and texture of Master's cum. It was how I earned my clothes each day and was allowed the pleasure of cumming myself. After a weekend here and all the cunt I've had, I was thinking how much I'd love to suck your Master's cock and feel his cum spurt down my throat."

She laughed. "It was the same for me except it was the taste. I'd happily suck his cock, but when it was time for him to cum, it needed to go someplace other than my mouth. And I wouldn't let him fuck me in the ass. Now, it's hard to imagine Master not using all three of my holes. That was probably the major change in my life when I became a slave, other than the fact I now fuck women; my makeover to a three hole slut. I'd happily offer his cock to suck if I knew your Master was okay with it."

"I'd happily accept, if my Master was okay with it." 

"Are you talking about my cock?" Sam asked.

"Yes, Master. Poor Julia is bemoaning her lack of cock the last couple days. She's becoming tired of cunt all the time. She was wishing she could have a load of cream."

Sam laughed as well. "You know," he said, thoughtfully, "it's only the method of delivery her Master would have a problem with. She can always take it from you."

Marcia giggled, then pushed some dishes out of the way and bent over the table. "Take care of it, Master."

Sam stroked his cock a couple times, already becoming hard. He pushed into Marcia's pussy. She climaxed almost immediately, a needy slave like myself. Sam fucked her hard for ten minutes, giving her several more until he grunted and we all saw his cock flexing and pulsing as his cum spurted deep into his wife. 

His orgasm over, he pulled out. "There you go, slave. Some hot cum just for you."

As I knelt behind her beautiful ass and sucked the cum out of Marcia's beautiful pussy, Chantelle cleaned his cock for him. I lapped assiduously at her cleft, straining for the last drop of his cum, making Marcia cum some more. It was almost as good as having a cock pulse in my own throat.

"Thank you, Master Sam, Marcia, for allowing me this pleasure," I said, leaning back on my heels, not a drop of his cum to be seen anywhere on her cleft.

Marcia said dreamily, still bent over the table. "I enjoyed it even more than you, slave, I assure you." She sat back on her chair with a sigh. "Always a great way to start my day."

Mistress Brianna spoke. "I was thinking I'd have you serve us all individually this morning, going from room to room, but after that little performance, I doubt we'd be able to wait that long for you to show up, so we'll fasten you down in my bed as you were last night so you can serve more people faster. Monique, Adele, see to it. I get the lesbian slave first."

"Yes, Mistress."

So once again we found ourselves tied to her bed, the same as we were last night, and nearly a dozen women were waiting to take their turns with us. So many, Brianna limited it to one orgasm apiece until every one had their turn, then they could return for seconds. The scene in the dining room where Sam fucked Marcia and I licked his cum from her inspired everyone to the heights of arousal and we were constantly busy until it was nearly time for lunch. If we were covered in cum last night, it was nothing compared to this morning. As far as I could tell, there wasn't an inch of Lisa's face that didn't have some cum on it and I felt some drying all over my face as well, like a skin care masque. 

The women using us saw to our medical needs when my alarm would go off. At ten, the bandage was removed from my tattoo and salve rubbed on it. I nearly climaxed from just that. Close to noon, Lisa's bandage came off. The women present liked our tattoos and would admire them. I hoped Master would like them as much as they did.

Monique was the last to climb off my face.

She started to release us, saying, "Mistress orders you to keep our cum on your faces until you reach home and take a picture with your Master so she knows you obeyed. I imagine some will flake off as it dries, but there should be substantial remaining when your picture gets taken."

"We'll obey," I assured her.

"This mornings scene almost had me craving Sam's cock again," she said. "It was so hot. You've now repaid Mistress for all use of her slaves by Scott. You needn't serve her again unless you require further use of her slaves."

"I imagine someone else will come again when Lucia comes for her next appointment."

"They needn't. Lucia can drive herself. Whatever use you make of Lucia while she's there will not fall under her guidelines. You have special dispensation to use her because Scott is father to her child. I know Dawn would love to visit. She's like you. She begins to miss cock."

"I doubt Brianna needs to worry about losing Dawn as she did Chantelle," Lisa said, stretching. "Dawn seems very happy where she is."

"Chantelle was very happy as well. You never know what will happen."

"Master already has three slaves to service regularly. I doubt he's hoping for another," I said.

"I suppose Mistress would worry more if that weren't true. Most men would be hard pressed if they had four slaves to fuck."

"We're lucky Rhonda is a lesbian. She prefers one of us to Master. Though today, she might fuck a fence post if it allowed her to cum."

"Ugh, splinters, Domina" Rhonda said, "but almost anything else."

"I suspect she'll be begging for Master's cock tomorrow when she can finally have sex," Lisa said. "I know I will."

"It was the worst part of my piercings," Monique laughed, "having to wait for sex. You will be expected to dine with us, then you may leave. Thank you for the pleasure you've given us."

I lightly touched the fluids on my face. "I think I'll have Rhonda fill the car up with gas when we leave. What's the point of having a slave if she doesn't accept the embarrassment of appearing in public with a cum covered face?"

Chantelle laughed as Rhonda protested, "Domina!"

"Someone has to do it, and you're low slave on the totem pole."

******

SCOTT

Dawn woke me up again the next morning before I was ready, eager to fuck again. I obliged her, but told her she couldn't cum until I gave her permission. Needless to say, the little minx failed to wait. Fine by me, I'd give her another spanking later. Both Zoe and Lucia thought it was funny I wouldn't let her cum. After all they had to wake up too when she started squealing about not being allowed to cum.

They, on the other hand, climaxed early and often as they pleasured each other. Dawn tried to suck me to hardness after I orgasmed, wanting to fuck again. 

"Not until I've eaten breakfast," I said. "Then you'll get your punishment and then I'll fuck you again, when your backside is all nice and warm, you insatiable slut."

Dawn giggled. "Too true. I am insatiable and a slut."

We ate and I fed Lucia, feeling I'd neglected her this visit, not that she craved masculine attention, but dominant. When we finished eating, I kissed her and finger fucked her on my lap, until my cock was pressing up against her bottom. We cleaned up and went back to the bedroom. I sat on the edge of the bed and put Dawn over my lap, giving her thirty of the hardest swats I could give by hand. She climaxed once during her spanking and her ass was fiery red when I finished. She begged to be fucked. 

"Wait, Master Scott," Zoe said. "Let the impatient slave suffer. I want you to spank me, then fuck me first. I like the occasional spanking and haven't had a good one since my belly got in the way." 

Dawn protested, but I shushed her. "If you want to cum again this trip, you'll hold your tongue now." Dawn zipped it. "How would you suggest we do this? I don't think I can put you over my lap either."

"How do you punish your own pregnant slave, Master."

"I haven't punished her much in the last couple months. When I do, she's standing."

"You may do similar to me, sir."

I thought about it. "How about stocks?" I asked. "You'll be perfectly positioned for fucking afterward."

"Fine, sir."

I adjusted the bed frame for the stocks.

"I don't think Mistress realized we could do this, Master," she said as I put her head in arms in the holes. She was standing, but bent over, the perfect height for fucking.

"We'll need to demonstrate all of it's capabilities the next time we come to LA."

"Please, sir. If I might ask; since it's of my own volition and not punishment; could you please strike me half as hard as Dawn."

"Of course, Zoe." I started spanking her. Smack, smack, smack. "If I'd ever tried to do this while we were dating, what would you have done?"

"Probably had you arrested and prosecuted, sir. I didn't understand Domination and submission the way I do now, nor understand my own submissiveness. I probably would have been ashamed of my own arousal and blamed you for it." 

"How much have things changed, slave?"

"Very much. Do I have your permission to cum, sir. It won't be long."

"You may cum," I said. 

Within two minutes, she was sighing and her pussy palpitating as she released. I gave her a full thirty, then pushed into her wet, needy cunt. I went easy on her, concerned for the swelling of her belly. She orgasmed again, and once more as I fucked her, bent over, submissive, her bottom red from my hand.

I emptied my balls into her, groaning my release. When I pulled out of her, Lucia started licking her cunt to clean her, Dawn dropping to her knees to do the same to my cock and get me hard enough to fuck her.

When Dawn got me ready, knowing how much she craved being manhandled, and not needing protection for any condition, I picked her up and tossed her on the bed. She landed, limbs akimbo and I dove between her legs to taste her before I fucked her. Lucia and Zoe got on the bed with us and played with each other. Dawn whimpered as she climaxed. I crawled up her body and let her taste herself on my lips as I fucked her like a slave, hard and fast. She screamed this time, her back bowing, her legs clinging to my ass. Not done yet, I picked her off the bed and put her on her hands and knees, plunging into her again, taking her from behind, turning her into a panting puddle of cum. She pushed back against me as energetically as I pumped into her, trying to take me deeper. Her back arched each time she orgasmed, her head bowing upwards. Three more times she climaxed, each seemingly more powerful than the last. I finally climaxed, pumping my seed deep inside her cunt.

"I see what you mean about going gentle with me," Zoe said breathlessly, Lucia between her legs. "You certainly didn't toss me around like a rag doll, nor fuck me so hard."

"Mamas need a gentler hand," I said.

"Your hand wasn't that gentle," she said. "You just didn't throw me around like a pillow. Bring your cock to me and I'll clean it off."

"I spanked Dawn harder," I replied, giving her my cock, which disappeared in her mouth. "You're used to womanly hands."

Zoe's mouth was full, but Dawn answered, "Being spanked with your hand is like a paddling from Adele or Monique. I can usually sit down after they use the paddle on me. I couldn't use my sitter after you spanked me with The Enforcer."

"You tend to get saucy as a slave sometimes," I pointed out.

"My mouth does get me into trouble," she said smiling. "It's a good thing I'm used to it."

Zoe finished with my cock and I kissed her. "Thanks. You did a good job."

"I need another nap," she said. "Do you have a problem with me sleeping here?"

"No. When is your baby due?"

"First week of January. Four weeks about."

"Sounds like three weeks earlier than Julia."

"That's what we guessed. She thought she caught at the end of April."

"Right before her slavery started. She said it was seeing the test result which made her realize she needed to do it right away and got her off the fence. Kind of now or never moment."

They all laughed. Dawn and I left the two of them in the bed, Lucia to rub Zoe's back and the bottoms of her feet before her nap. Dawn and I decided to go swimming before we started lunch.

******

JULIA

Our last meal was the first meal I enjoyed at Brianna's where I didn't have to lick someone under the table. Chantelle had gone all out and it was a feast, prime rib, au gratin potatoes, broccoli florets with a cream sauce, several types of salads. I could probably skip supper without a problem. At the end of the meal, Brianna made the three of us kneel at her feet.

"I wish to thank you for granting us all so much pleasure. We enjoyed your visit immensely. We all wish to give you this." She handed me a check. "This is for your friend, Shasta, for her plastic surgery. Everyone contributed at least $100 dollars. Please give this to her with our blessings. I don't think it's the end of it, but I don't want to say too much." 

I looked at it. "There's over ten thousand dollars here," I said. Lisa and Rhonda both looked over my shoulder at the check, looking for themselves. 

"What can I say," Brianna said. "We all feel quite sympathetic and generous to a woman mistreated the way she was."

"Thank you, Mistress. I don't know what to say. This is incredibly generous. May I stand, please."

"You may."

I stood up and hugged her, then hugged everyone else in the room, Lisa and Rhonda following suit, thanking each one of them for their help, even Sam, naked as we were, got a full body hug. He handed me a folded piece of paper.

"These are the names of everyone who donated, in case Shasta would like to thank them individually."

"Thank you, Sam. I'm sure she will. What's amazing to me is none of you have even met her."

"We live with and love one just like her. She's all women who have suffered from a terrible injustice."

After our thanks and goodbyes, we gathered our purchases and what little we'd brought with us and headed home. I stopped for gas at the busiest service station I could find, making Rhonda get out and gas up the car. Lisa and I laughed like loons watching her duck around the car trying to keep people from seeing her face. She wasn't always completely successful. We saw a couple people staring at her wondering about the substance on her face. It looked like her face was peeling. We stopped once at a roadside rest when my alarm went off and we had to use the cream on our tattoos and piercings, going into the ladies room to do so. 

When we got home, Lucia, Dawn and Zoe had already left, going after lunch as we had. We didn't immediately remove our clothes as we entered. Master threatened us with dire punishments if we did not.

"First Master, take a picture of our faces and send it to Brianna to prove we wore our cum all the way home, then we'll undress after we've washed our faces."

He took the photo of the three of us, then Rhonda took one of Lisa, Master and I. Master sent them off and got a quick response. 

They don't need to be punished since they were so obedient.

After washing the cum off our faces, Lisa said, "Master, we wish you to have a seat in your lounger, and we'll all take off our clothes at once."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 7|
--------------------------------------------
We led him to his chair and stood in front of it. All we had on were simple dresses, though mine was a fat maternity dress. All we had to do was lift them over our heads and we'd be naked. We grabbed the hems and on a signal from Rhonda, lifted them up and off. We went into Display position, our legs spread and cunts visible for our Master. The two tattoos were the most visible off the bat and he noticed those first, but the gold posts in Rhonda's nipples soon caught his eye as well. Then he noticed Lisa was pierced too.

"My, my, my," Master said. "What have we here?" He got up to inspect us more closely, circling each one of us.

"Some of our new slavery items, sir," Rhonda said as he touched her gold nipple post, making her nipple swell. "Lisa and I have pierced labia as well, Master."

This caused him to kneel down and inspect our cunts more closely. I could see him lean in and it looked as though he intended to lick Lisa's pussy.

"I'm sorry, Master, but our slave cunts are off limits for the next day. We can only serve you as white silk slaves until they've had more of an opportunity to heal. We have to be careful of infection, but if Master requires it, we can suck your cock. The other issue is we can't shave our cunts for a week or until the scabbing stops, so you'll have hairier slaves than usual."

"Let's go to the bedroom so I can check more closely, and then I shall probably need my cock sucked, though Dawn did her best to empty my balls today."

He had us lie on the bed side by side where he very closely inspected all of us.

"I'm surprised you didn't get a piercing as well, slave," he said, inspecting me. 

"When I discussed it with Monique the first time, she recommended I don't get a pussy piercing until after my pregnancy. She said jewelry would need to be removed during delivery and a fresh piercing might close fairly easy. Nipple piercings can affect milk flow to the baby. So I had to give up my piercings for now. My pussy will be pierced for our bonding ceremony, so I will be appropriately bedecked, but my breasts will have to wait until I've finished nursing Junior." 

"The tattoos are lovely though."

"Lisa's design, sir. She did a great job, didn't she?"

"Beautiful. I'm impressed with the detail and quality of the work, and it expresses perfectly our relationships."

"Thank you, sir," Lisa said.

"I think I should take pictures of these and send them to Zoe and the others, so they can see what you were up to while you were gone."

Master took close ups of each of our cunts, and Rhonda's and Lisa's nipples and sent them off to the three who were here.

"So how was the rest of your weekend, slaves? It appeared from your faces you spent much of it pleasuring the women." 

"Yes, Master. Several times a day. We spent Friday night in different bedrooms, satisfying two or more women each. It was the last time we were allowed to cum, save during the piercings. Lisa and Rhonda were allowed to cum as their nipples were pierced. We had to serve a woman under the table before we ate each meal. Saturday morning, Lisa and I received our tattoos. Saturday afternoon they were pierced. We spent some time going from bedroom to bedroom after, then were allowed to nap after as we have to apply salve every three hours. Saturday evening, we were tied to Brianna's bed and had to pleasure any woman who wanted us until nine, then allowed to sleep again. It began again this morning, and we were used even more today, having to wear their cum home so you could see."

By this time, Master had an erection and we took turns sucking his cock and licking his balls until Lisa received his reward.

"When we may be used again, Master," Rhonda said, "I'll be begging for your cock, I'm so fucking horny right now."

"We have one other thing to show you, Master," I said. I handed him the check. "The three of us decided to go in together to pay for Shasta to have plastic surgery on the scars on her face. Brianna heard about it and told everyone else and each of them contributed for her surgery. This is their check."

"Holy shit! This is ten thousand, six hundred dollars."

I showed him the list of names. "Even Zoe, Lucia and Dawn gave something. Five hundred apiece."

"That must have been the text they got Saturday night," he mused. "She told us about it Friday after you left."

"Thy all knew how badly it affected Lucia, so they all wanted to give to Shasta," Lisa said. "We were thinking we might have enough now, she could get all her scars fixed. We wanted to give it to her for Christmas. We were hoping to invite her and her family over Christmas Day with our families."

"I had Shasta and her mother, Bernice, and son, Cedric, over on Saturday for cheeseburgers after we learned about it. I think they'd welcome a return visit, though I don't know if Christmas would be the day they'd like coming."

"While you were all naked, Master?" I asked, worried about him prancing around in all his glory after Shasta told what happened to her.

"No," he assured me. "We all kept our clothes on while she was here. I was honest with Bernice about our lifestyle, but I didn't flaunt it in front of them. Bernice wasn't too sure about our lifestyle, but seemed to accept it more after seeing we weren't nazis about it. She warned me never to hurt her daughter."

My alarm chose that moment to go off. 

"Would you like to do the honors, Master?" I asked. "A little bit on the tattoo surface, then both holes from each of the piercings."

He nodded and took the tube I offered him. Of course, he had to make us each squirm a little as he applied it, making us more aroused as he did so. 

"You're taking unfair advantage," Lisa moaned as he spread it around her labia. "We can't be fucked yet."

"I know, and it's so fun."

The bastard.

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 43|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-43|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<i>Scott's sister spends Christmas with our family. This chapter contains scenes of normal sex, oral sex, anal sex, lesbian sex, interracial sex with a whisper of incest. If those topics offend you, please look elsewhere for your reading material. STD's don't exist in this fantasy world. </i>

<b>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 43 - Christmas</b>

JULIA

Lisa, Shasta and I interviewed six women on Monday. The second one we interviewed appeared confused by our requirement we would appreciate it if they would accept our nudity. She started to strip when she came in for the interview. She had her blouse off and skirt unzipped before we could stop her. 

"Wait!" I said, "you don't have to remove your clothes. Put them back on."

She stopped. "I thought it was a requirement of the job."

"It's not a strip club," I said. "You don't have to work naked. It's just that right now, all of us prefer to work naked. We're used to it and enjoy it, but you don't have to. You can work clothed or naked. It's all women, so you don't have to worry about men grabbing you. It's not important to us either way. We're just hoping to find someone who isn't offended by our nudity. Nor are you required to be submissive to anyone, nor to have sex with anyone. Four of us are submissives, but it's not a requirement for the job. Two of us aren't, including Shasta. You don't have to touch us and we won't touch you. The only important qualities to us is can you learn how to work wood, that you work hard when you show up to work and don't slack and show up on time. Please put your clothes back on. We don't want the others to think they have to strip either." 

She put her clothes back on. She looked more relaxed and more focused on the job after she did.

"I don't know why I thought it was a sex job, maybe because of where it was advertised and because it mentioned nudity. I really didn't want a sex job. I just need a better paying job."

"My name is Lisa. This is my partner, Julia, and our lead worker, Shasta. We don't need sex workers, we need wood workers," Lisa said. "Do you have any experience in carpentry?"

"No, but I'm willing to learn."

"It's fifteen dollars to start for inexperienced workers," I said. "After you learn the job, no matter how quickly or slowly you learn, you get a raise. Learning the job consists of being able to do every step in the construction process from when the supplies are delivered to the finished product going out the door. We can either pay you more per hour, or pay you $15 plus a percentage of our profits. We consider our profits at this point to be $30,000 monthly. Your percentage, if you choose to accept it, would be two percent of that or $600 more a month. We think as a company we could do up to another $20,000 more a month total of which 50% is ours provided we have two dedicated and skilled workers, which puts your profit percentage at $800 a month. We think we have that much growth built in because we're five weeks behind in our orders. Choose the bonus or take $17 an hour with future raises to come, your choice. You don't have to decide now. What we want for our business is for our employees to be happy and to be able to share in our growth. Are you interested in the job and do you believe you can learn how to work wood?"

"Hell yes, I'm interested and I can learn anything."

We asked her a number of other questions to which she provided good answers. When she was done, we let her out and discussed her.

"At first, I thought she was a little dim, thinking she had to strip, but maybe the ad wasn't worded as well as I hoped. I liked her."

"I did too," Shasta said. "She's got good attitude and seemed eager to learn, especially after she realized she wouldn't have to fuck anyone."

"Let's see what the rest are like," Lisa said. "Make a decision after we speak to all of them." 

Out of the six applicants, two of them looked good and we hired them both. Neither of them had jobs and could start tomorrow. One of them was our stripper, whose name was Charlotte. The other one's name was Melanie. Charlotte was 33 and a single mother; and Melanie six years younger, single but dating with a boyfriend. Melanie reminded me of Sarah a little; a strong, athletic type, not really thin. Charlotte had a slimmer figure, more like Lisa. 

They both showed up for work on time, and I spent a couple hours going over all the hiring paperwork with them as I was becoming the least valuable worker due to my pregnancy. After it was all filled out, I brought them downstairs and introduced them to the others. I saw their eyebrows go up when they saw everyone else was nude, but didn't say a peep, not even after I stripped off and waddled around. They both chose remained dressed, and we didn't say squat about it, nor did they comment on our lack of attire. We showed them what we built and got them started on sanding, staining and varnishing, none of which was particularly taxing. 

Both of them wore clothing the first week, jeans and tees. Due to the heat at which we kept the house normally to allow for our nudity, Melanie broke first. She took off her t-shirt and jeans and finished the day in her underwear. Alice and Shasta both laughed, but didn't make fun, so she wasn't sure why they laughed.

"You think my body is ugly?" She bristled.

"No honey," Alice replied. "It's nicer than mine, truth be told. We're laughing because we were the same way when we started. Wearing clothes for about the first week, then taking off more and more. Coming to work in a swimsuit, a bikini, usually, the second week. Finally, we just faced the inevitable and took our clothes off. It's a hell of a lot more comfortable."

"How do you stand the temperature in here?" Melanie asked.

"The boss and her partner are both submissive. You know what that means?"

"A little, I guess. I saw where the job was advertised."

"Well," Shasta said, "it mean her husband is her Master," she pointed at me, "and Lisa is her lover-partner, she have the same Master, plus they lovin' up each other. Their Master like them naked in the house, no company comin' over, so he can fuck them any time he here. Those two," she pointed to Reneé and Janet, "got their own Masters and they like them naked too. They get used to bein' naked, get to likin' it. Since they naked all the time, keep the house warm so they don't get cold. Why it's hot in here and Alice and I go naked, we get to like it too, 'cause it's more comfortable. Nobody bother us 'cause we're naked, so it makes no difference. You can wear what you want, but I say, might as well get comfortable. You get to like it too."

Charlotte took off her tee shirt and jeans too, without another word. 

"Their Master don't get home until around six, so you can shower or use the pool to cool off, get dressed after," Shasta said. "He won't bother you either if you're not shy and choose to stay naked."

"I doubt my boyfriend would be pleased if I were naked with another man here," Melanie said. 

"Then get dressed before he comes home," Alice said. "I'm working naked because I choose to, not because I have to."

Inside another week, they were both working naked as well.

******

Before Master left for work one day, while Lisa was still asleep, I asked, "When is your sister, Cindy, scheduled to arrive, Master, and are we picking her up at the airport, or your parents? And where is she staying?" 

"She's scheduled to arrive this Friday before Christmas. I was hoping you and Rhonda could pick her up so I don't miss any work. Rhonda's off that night, so she won't need as much sleep. She's scheduled to stay with my parents. They weren't sure how she'd react to our relationship."

"She does know about us, doesn't she?"

"Knowing and seeing it lived out are entirely different matters. They wanted to be sure how accepting she would be before exposing her to the reality. Essentially, it may mean their own games with D/s come out too." 

"How long is she staying?"

"A little over two weeks. She leaves on a Sunday."

"It's been so long since we've seen her."

"It has. I don't know what she's been up to."

"Why hasn't she ever gotten married?"

"I don't know."

"Would you like your cock sucked now?" I asked.

"Very much, slave."

I gave him his morning blow job until he exploded down my throat. I gratefully swallowed his seed.

******

Later that same day, I pulled Shasta aside.

"Are you and your family doing anything for Christmas?"

"Nothing special, the usual. Just us."

"Master told me how much Cedric and Bernice enjoyed coming for burgers. Our parents and Master's sister, Cindy, are coming on Christmas Day for turkey and ham. Would you like to join us?"

"I don't want to intrude."

"You're not intruding. We're inviting you. Cedric is the only child who would be there and children make Christmas more fun, don't you think. They're always so excited."

"You all won't be naked, will you?"

I laughed. "Well, we have been naked in front of our parents, but we've never been naked in front of his sister, and Lisa's parents are the only ones comfortable being nude, so no, we won't. We're not even sure if Master's sister will accept our lifestyle choices. We'll probably be walking on eggshells around her until we know."

"I'll check with Momma, see what she want, but unless I say no, plan on us coming."

I squeezed her hand. "Thank you. I'm looking forward to it."

Lisa, Rhonda, Master and I all kicked in $2500 apiece, giving us another $10,000. I hoped it would be sufficient for the surgery she required. I was so looking forward to giving it to her. 

******

Cindy's plane was arriving at 3:05 PM. Rhonda and I arranged to be at the airport cell phone lot at 2:55, where we'd wait for her call after she picked up her luggage. As we waited, I had Rhonda caress my pussy while I kept an eye out for anyone who paid more than passing interest in our car. I had three lovely orgasms while we waited. Rhonda had none. Perhaps I'd see to her needs later; perhaps not.

Her plane was actually a couple minutes early and she called around 3:30 as she wasn't flying first class and had to wait to disembark. 

As I drove to the terminal, Rhonda licked her fingers clean. I gave her last minute instructions. 

"You will address Master's sister as 'Miss Cindy', unless otherwise instructed by me or Master. You will defer to her and provide services as she requires."

"You mean fucking, Domina?" Rhonda asked. 

"No sex. I'm talking about food, or something to drink. Just make her comfortable. I'm not sure you should be fucking Master's sister. It seems off somehow. We don't even know how she feels about lesbian sex. We're not sure how she feels about us. It's been four years since we've seen her. She knows about us, but we don't know what she thinks about us."

"Yes, Domina."

We pulled up to the United arrival door and Cindy was waiting at the curb. I got out and gave her a big hug while Rhonda put her bags in the trunk. 

"My goodness," she said, "you look ready to pop."

"I feel the same way," I replied. "I'll be happy to lose all the extra weight when he's born."

We didn't dawdle as there were a number of cars waiting to pick people up at the curb. As soon as we were ready to go, we left, Cindy in the front seat and Rhonda in the back.

Cindy turned to face Rhonda, sitting behind me. "Hi, I'm Cindy Rivers, Scott's sister. Who are you?"

"Hello, Miss Cindy, I'm Rhonda Meadows."

"Oh, yes, Scott and Julia's police officer friend. My parents told me they had a friend staying with them. Please call me, Cindy."

Rhonda looked at me. So much for Dan and Sandra informing her of the situation around our house. No wonder they wanted her staying at their house. If Cindy didn't know who we were and what we did, how could she ever accept us for us?

Might as well let the cat out of the bag. "Rhonda is not our friend," I said. "She's my sex slave, and through me, to your brother. I'm his sex slave."

Cindy laughed, amused apparently. "I'm pretty sure Lincoln freed the slaves with the Emancipation Proclamation, even sex slaves."

"We're not talking about involuntary servitude, Cindy, which still exists and is illegal. We're talking about voluntary slavery where one person agrees voluntarily to serve another of their own free will; Dominance and Submission. Slave, show Cindy your collar."

Rhonda was wearing the metal collar I purchased for her at Brianna's when I was tattooed. It looked like a choker style necklace, except for the words 'Julia's Sex Slave' discretely engraved on it. It's what I allowed her to wear when she left the house, not going to work. She removed the collar and handed it to Cindy who inspected it, including the engraving. She looked back at Rhonda.

"Now show her your cunt, slave," I ordered. 

Rhonda lifted her dress to her waist. The gold hoop puncturing her labia became visible. There was a small golden brass badge suspended from it.

"What does your badge say, slave?"

"Slut Slave, Domina."

"The only reason I'm not wearing a similar device on my cunt, is delivering a child with one might cause tearing. I will get my pussy piercing after I have Junior. You may cover yourself, slave."

"Yes, Domina." Rhonda lowered her dress.

"Why does your slave, excuse me, Rhonda, call you Domina?" Cindy asked.

"I'm her Mistress, but as a slave myself, do not feel I should be addressed as Mistress, so she calls me Domina. The Romans used the term to refer to anyone in positions of authority, including slaves."

"And she's a police officer?" Cindy asked.

"Yes, which is why we know we're not doing anything illegal. When she goes to work, she's allowed to remove symbols of her submission so her identity as a submissive is protected. The rest of the time, she wears the symbols of her slavery."

"Is this why my parents insisted I stay with them?"

"I suspect so. I thought you knew about our situation."

"I knew you, Scott and Lisa were all living together in some kind of ménage a trois," she said. "I didn't know about this slavery shit. How the hell did Scott ever talk you into this?"

"He didn't talk me into it. It's more that I talked him into it."

"What? Wait a minute. You asked for this?"

I explained to Cindy how I read books on sex slavery, women submitting to strong Masters. How Master offered to let me experience it for a period of three weeks. How Lisa joined us; and how neither of us wanted to stop once it was ending and we begged Master to allow us to continue serving as his permanent sex slaves which is when we became a polyamorous throuple. Then I explained how Rhonda became my sex slave, that even though I loved being dominated by Master, I also enjoyed dominating women. By the time we were finished, we'd been sitting outside Dan and Sandy's house for fifteen minutes.

"And my parents know all this?" Cindy asked, still astounded.

"They've witnessed acts of slavery on Lisa's and my parts. Your father administered a spanking to me." 

I'd let someone else explain Memorial Day. It was too much to explain at this point and not just my story to tell to Master's sister and about her parents.

"Take me to your house. I want to stay there, provided you have room for me."

"We have room. Only Rhonda has her own room as she works nights and has to sleep most days. The rest of us sleep in the Master Bedroom together, as does Rhonda when she's not working, like today."

"Great. I'm staying with you. I need to see this. I still don't believe what I'm hearing."

"You'll have to tell Dan and Sandy you're staying with us. They were planning on coming this evening anyway so you could meet everyone."

She pulled out her phone to call them, and I headed to our house. This was going to be an interesting visit.

After the call ended, during which Cindy expressed disappointment she wasn't told any of this, I said, "Dan and Sandy played a little with Dominance and Submission when they were younger."

"What? My Mom was Dad's sex slave?"

"I don't think it went that far. It seemed to only occur when you kids weren't around, but it involved some bondage and discipline. Master didn't know about it either. Dan didn't want their children thinking they could boss their mother around, so it never occurred in front of you. We only learned of it after my slavery started."

Cindy was flabbergasted. She didn't know what to say.

"When we get home, Rhonda and I will strip off our clothes. Sex slaves aren't allowed clothing in the house except when we have guests who are unaware of our status. Since you know, we'll be nude. Don't be shocked." 

She nodded, still speechless. We arrived at the house just as work was ending for the day. All of our workers came up the stairs, all of them naked. Seven bare ass naked ladies, all ending work. Charlotte and Melanie attempted to cover themselves, unsure of who Cindy was and not quite used to the blatant nudity the rest of us were. Rhonda and I were removing our clothes which made them feel slightly better about their own nudity.

"Everyone, this is my Master's sister, Cindy. She's going to be staying with us a couple weeks over Christmas. Cindy, this is Lisa, who you met when she was our next door neighbor. This is Janet, who moved in next door with her Master, Chen. She was the first of our new employees. Reneé, wave your hand. Reneé is the second employee. She lives with her Master, Jerry, who you've met. He works with Master. They're both engaged to and marrying their Masters next year. Alice and Shasta both started at the same time, and Charlotte and Melanie both started a few weeks ago which is why they're so shy and trying to hide their lady bits."

"Are you all slaves?" Cindy asked.

"Honey," Shasta said. "I ain't no mother fuckin' slave to anybody. We're naked cause they keep the house warm for their own nudity and it's too hot for clothes. We got used to the freedom of no clothes. Ain't cause we're slaves. You stay here long, you probably end up naked like the rest of us."

"None of the last four women we hired are slaves," Lisa said, stepping forward. "It's good to see you again Cindy. It's been a long time." 

Lisa enveloped her in a naked hug, which Cindy didn't know quite how to accept. She didn't want to wrap her arms around Lisa's naked body for fear she'd grab something wrong. There is nothing to grab wrong on a slave.

The women all left to shower or take a quick dip in the pool before dressing to leave. I had Rhonda bring Cindy's bags to one of the spare bedrooms. Lisa and I started dinner, Rhonda joining us after delivering the luggage.

"Can I offer you a drink, Miss Cindy?" Rhonda asked.

"Scotch rocks," she replied, "and please just call me Cindy."

"Not without Domina's permission, Miss Cindy." She got down the Scotch and started the drink.

"Could you please tell Rhonda to call me by my name?" 

"As the slave of a slave, I expect Rhonda to use honorifics when speaking to her superiors. She's the lowest of the low. She even addresses Lisa as Miss Lisa."

"I don't wish to be called Miss anything. Tell her to call me Cindy."

"Slave, you may address Miss Cindy as Cindy if she wishes."

"Yes, Domina."

Cindy had a million more questions. We answered them all to the best of our ability.

"I noticed you and Lisa have a tattoo?"

"Yes, identifying us as Master's slaves. You want to look closer. It's right over my cunt."

"Later perhaps. Since you all sleep together, I'm assuming you all have sex with one another?"

"We do," I answered.

"Had you ever had sex with women before you became slaves?"

"Julia and I never had sex with other women before our slavery. Rhonda is a lesbian who never had sex with a man before hers," Lisa responded. "Now we have sex with whoever our Dominant allows. As sex slaves, we are highly sexed creatures who crave sexual gratification. We're happy to receive it from whatever source we may. In Julia's case, it's not just sex. We're married in all but name. It's also an emotional connection, which we're beginning to share with Rhonda as well, since she's chosen to join our group."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"So you consider yourselves bisexual now?"

"I'd say Lisa and I are truly bisexual, because of the emotional connection. Rhonda is still probably more lesbian. She has sex with Master because she must, though she'll beg for his cock if she needs to cum. She'd much prefer fucking women. Lisa and I will fuck anything with equal gusto, though except for each other, we lean more towards cock."

"You're quite graphic in your language, I notice."

"Slave possess cunts, not pussies, though I'll occasionally use pussy if the person I'm speaking to might find cunt offensive. We don't have vaginas. Our Master doesn't have a penis. He has a cock or prick, or sometimes a dick if I'm being polite. We don't have sex, or make love. We fuck. Call a spade a spade if you're a slave, don't fancy it up. We have no more modesty. We're naked slaves now. Polite language is the domain of free society. We're no longer free to those who know us."

"So do you have sex with anyone your Master tells you to?"

"Slaves essentially, or it could be other Masters or Mistresses with his permission, but generally, only those people Master himself can fuck. If he has sex with a non-slave, we consider it to be a violation of our wedding vows as we don't consider ourselves to have an open marriage where we can fuck anyone we want. To have sex with other slaves is not. After all, through me, he's fucking three slaves, which is not a part of our wedding vows. We had to make adjustments to our thinking to allow sex with others."

"So you've had sex with other Masters?" Cindy asked.

"We did at the beginning," Lisa said. "In order to continue our slavery, we surrendered our right to fuck other Masters. Essentially, other than Master, we only fuck women."

"Why essentially?" Cindy asked.

"We are able to fuck any slave Master fucks. If he chose a male slave to fuck; we could fuck him too," I replied. "Since he doesn't have a gay bone in is body, I don't anticipate fucking other men anymore."

"Doesn't that seem patently unfair? He can fuck any female slave he wants, but you can't fuck any man you want?"

"We've surrendered our sexuality to him. We can't cum or even fuck if he doesn't want us to or we'll be punished. Since he's in control, we fuck who he tells us to. He doesn't want us fucking other men or he couldn't be our Master. We'd have to surrender our slavery or find another Master. I don't want another Master. I love him. None of us wants a different Dominant. If we enjoy fucking women and can fuck the same people he does, what difference does it make to us. We're not talking about a marriage anymore where things have to remain fair, equal and balanced for the marriage to survive. We're talking about our submission to him. That's what makes Lisa and I happy. Rhonda's submission to me makes her happy. Why can't we be happy? I'm the most content person I know. I revel in my submission to your brother. I'm having the most and best sex of my life. I've got a sister slave I love as I love him and my own slave to play with. If his fucking other slaves gives him pleasure, I don't care. Giving him pleasure makes me happy, no matter who the source of his pleasure is from."

"That sounds like upside down thinking."

"From the perspective of a free, non-Dominant, non-submissive person, not me; and not anyone else who is as submissive as I am. If I can't imagine greater happiness than what I have, what am I missing? I had a normal marriage to my husband for ten years. It was a good marriage. I would never complain about it. My relationship now is richer and deeper than anything else I've ever experienced in my life. I wouldn't change it for the world. Since you're staying here, you'll see for yourself. We won't hide anything from you."

Cindy had another Scotch. I don't know if the alcohol helped wrap her head around us or if she was thirsty. Master got home at six. Since I told her I wasn't going to hide anything from her, I told Rhonda to give our Master a blow job. Master didn't notice Cindy there until he unloaded down Rhonda's throat.

He started to remove his clothes before he saw her sitting with us in the kitchen, sipping her scotch. 

"Shit!" He said, hastily zipping his pants back up. "I thought you were staying with the parents."

"She changed her mind, Master. She was apparently quite in the dark about our relationship. She knew Lisa was living with us in a polyamorous relationship, but little else. After I explained it to her, she wanted to stay here and see it for herself."

"You could have warned me, slave. I wouldn't have let Rhonda suck my cock in front of her."

"My apologies, Master. I should have warned you, but she doesn't want us hiding our true nature. I told her we wouldn't hide anything from her anymore. Since we aren't hiding anything, I suggest you shower and strip as you usually do."

"My parents are still coming over?"

"Yes, but they won't see anything they haven't already seen except you possibly fucking Rhonda. I don't think they've seen that yet."

"You've had sex in front my parents?" Cindy asked.

"Except for Rhonda, yes," I replied. "We're trying to be very open about our relationship with people who know us. We'll be having a bonding ceremony in front of friends and family in May. I expect to fuck in front of them as part of our ceremony. If they'll see it then, why not now. If they're uncomfortable, they can ask us to stop, but they haven't yet." 

I still didn't think it appropriate to discuss Memorial Day. It wasn't solely my story, it was Master's and his parents. They could share or not as their choice.

"You have quite the harem here, little brother," Cindy said.

"Unlooked for. It's kind of funny as it was Julia who wanted a harem," Master said.

"A harem of women?" She asked.

"No," he replied, "a harem of men, called a reverse harem in the books she used to read."

"Julia, you're far stranger than I ever gave you credit for."

"I'll attempt to explain that to you while Master is getting ready for supper with your parents."

"A hint meant for me, no doubt," Master said.

Master left to shower. I wondered if he'd return naked or be uncomfortable in front of his sister. She looked at me expectantly.

"It's true. Quite a few of the books I used to read were reverse harem novels. One woman having to serve two or more men. They weren't the only type I read, but maybe fifty percent."

"Wasn't my brother enough of a man for you?"

"Master is the most skillful lover I've ever had. The best orgasms of my life have been with him?"

"Would you agree, Lisa?" Cindy asked.

"Definitely. Totally cosmic cums; much better than my former husband."

"The one who raped you both, who got shot? Mom and Dad told me about him."

"That's the one."

"So why did you fantasize about multiple men fucking you?" Cindy asked.

"Haven't you? A cock in your cunt, one in your ass, another in your mouth, all making you cum and cum and cum?" I asked.

"I don't think I've ever thought about it before."

"You should. There's nothing like it to a slave slut like me."

"Wait a minute! You've been triple penetrated?" Cindy asked, shocked.

"During the first three weeks of my slavery, Master allowed me to fuck other men. Due to the books he knew I was reading, he thought I might like to experience some of my fantasies."

"What other things have you done as a slave?"

"Sucked his cock under the table at a restaurant. Seduced a sales clerk in a dressing room at a Department Store. Fucked a food delivery driver. Orally pleasured a bunch of his friends when they won poker pots. Had my sexual services sold at an auction. Walked a part of the Pacific Crest Trail naked, fucking a couple of the strangers we met on the trail. Been spanked, paddled and whipped until cumming. Worn a Slave Trainer until I begged to cum. Fucked countless women, orally and with toys."

With each thing I listed, her mouth opened a little more until you could shove one of the Strong boys cocks in it. I still hadn't mentioned the orgy on Memorial Day. That might have dislocated her jaw.

"You did all those things too, Lisa?"

"Every one."

"What about you, Rhonda?"

"I haven't done everything on that list. Domina tries to protect me from public sex due to my profession. I've only had two men share my body at once, though between the four of us, I've had all three holes filled at once."

"My own family? Who would have believed my own family capable of this?" Cindy wondered aloud.

"My parents are in an open marriage," I said. "They date and have sex with other people, though they have no desire to leave one another. Lisa's parents participate in regular orgies. Your parents played with Bondage and Discipline. We never knew until after we became slaves. People hide a lot of what they do behind closed doors. What's the strangest thing you've ever done sexually?"

"Had sex with two men on the same day, and I felt like such a slut doing it. That wasn't even doing them both at the same time."

The three slaves laughed. "You just thought you were a slut," Lisa said. "We are sluts and loving it."

Master came back, hair damp, smelling of bath gel. Looking good enough to eat.

"Nice junk, brother," Cindy said.

"I don't think my sister should be commenting about my junk," he said.

"Perhaps you would feel more comfortable if you could comment about mine," Cindy said.

She started slowly unbuttoning her blouse, pausing as she undid the last button. If she expected one of us to stop her, she was mistaken. We were naked slaves who'd come to terms with our sexuality. Master didn't stop her either, perhaps curious about his adult sibling. She undid the last button and shrugged her blouse off her shoulders. 

Underneath, she wore a lacy bra, black, and her areolae were faintly visible. She pulled down the zipper on her dress and unbuttoned the waistband, pausing again, waiting to see if we'd stop her. We didn't. She dropped the waistband and the dress dropped to the floor, puddling at her feet. She had on a matching pair of panties, pale pubic hair visible between the lace. She stepped out of the dress and reached behind her for the bra clasp, unhooking it. Waiting momentarily to see if anyone would stop her. The only one who would stop her now would be herself. Master was watching with interest, his cock starting to engorge slightly as blood left his brain and flow to his cock. It was an excellent strip show. Her shoulders shifted forward and the bra slipped down, baring her breasts, nice C cups with a puffy areola and nipples, which seemed to swell under our gaze.

She straightened up, letting her bra drop on her dress. She looked at us. We looked at her. Nobody said a word. She grabbed the waistband of her panties and slowly peeled them down her hips, releasing them when there was nothing holding them up anymore. They dropped to the floor.

"Nice junk," Master said, somewhat breathlessly.

"You look good enough to eat," Rhonda said, and Cindy blushed. 

She was beautiful. I'd eat her in a heartbeat. She was tall, like me, blonde like me, but blonder, more like Master. The sun made my hair lighter, but my pubes, when I had them, were darker. Her bush was blonde, the light hair doing very little to cover her cleft. She kept it trimmed on the top and sides, a nice delta, maybe trimmed shorter, though I'd probably need to run my fingers through it to be sure. She had the natural grace and athleticism of her brother, perhaps a wee bit firmer and wider in the waist than my pre-pregnancy figure. Our faces weren't all that similar except for the blonde hair.

"Her body looks a lot like yours, Julia," Lisa said. "Well she would if you weren't pregnant."

"Did you ever imagine you were fucking your little sister when you fucked me, Master?" I asked.

The question was obvious, given the similarity in our appearance. Master ignored his slave, but Cindy asked too.

"Did you imagine you were fucking me when you fucked Julia, Scott?"

Dan and Sandy rang the doorbell, Master saved from answering for the moment. He went to answer the door. I doubted he'd be able to avoid the question forever.

"Rhonda, please bring Cindy's clothes to her room, unless she'd like to put them back on for her parents." I looked at her questioningly.

"No. I want to see what this is like," she replied.

"Yes, Domina." 

She gathered up Cindy's clothes and took them away. Cindy was blushing. She probably hadn't been naked in front of her mother since she was in her teens and in front of her father for longer. That was about to change in a big way. Scott brought them into the house and they saw their daughter standing there in her altogether.

"Mom, Dad, it's good to see you again."

Sandra immediately went to Cindy and wrapped her in a big, bare, bear hug. Dan was more hesitant, reacting more as he did with me, hesitant to bring me in close for the full squeeze he did when I had clothing on. Cindy wouldn't let him get away with it. She pulled him in tight until his arms went around her back, just above her bare ass. 

"You decided to go naked like the rest of them, Cindy dear?" Sandy asked.

"When in Rome," she replied.

"I wish I looked nice enough to go naked," Sandy said. "It does seem comfortable."

I knew for a fact she didn't look bad for a woman of her age. I kept my mouth shut. She could choose to strip or not. 

"Dinner is ready," I said. "Why don't you all have a seat in the dining room and we'll serve."

******

SCOTT

I hadn't realized Cindy had come over and now planned to stay with us. I expected her to arrive with my parents. When I came in the house, Rhonda gave me the blow job which would free her to cum for the rest of the evening. Her cock sucking was much improved and after a day without sex, it didn't take her long to extract my cum in hot spurts down her throat. I started to remove my clothes and saw Cindy sitting in the kitchen, nearly having a heart attack.

Shit!" I said, re-zipping my pants. "I thought you were staying with the parents."

Julia said, "She changed her mind, Master. She was apparently quite in the dark about our relationship. She knew Lisa was living with us in a polyamorous relationship, but little else. After I explained it to her, she wanted to stay here and see it for herself."

"You could have warned me, slave. I wouldn't have let Rhonda suck my cock in front of her."

"My apologies, Master. I should have warned you, but she doesn't want us hiding our true nature. I told her we wouldn't hide anything from her anymore. Since we aren't hiding anything, I suggest you shower and strip as you usually do."

"My parents are still coming over?"

"Yes, but they won't see anything they haven't already seen except you possibly fucking Rhonda. I don't think they've seen that yet."

"You've had sex in front my parents?" Cindy asked.

"Except for Rhonda, yes," I replied. "We're trying to be very open about our relationship with people who know us. We'll be having a bonding ceremony in front of friends and family in May. I expect to fuck in front of them as part of our ceremony. If they'll see it then, why not now. If they're uncomfortable, they can ask us to stop, but they haven't yet." 

"You have quite the harem here, little brother," my sister said, pointing to the three naked women who served me.

"Unlooked for. It's kind of funny as it was Julia who wanted a harem," I said.

"A harem of women?" Cindy asked.

"No, a harem of men, called a reverse harem in the books she used to read."

"Julia, you're far stranger than I ever gave you credit for."

"I'll attempt to explain that to you while Master is getting ready for supper with your parents."

"A hint meant for me, no doubt," Master said.

I went and took a shower. After drying myself, I wondered what the hell I should do. I knew I was going to be self conscious in front of my sister. Except for one time I'd burst into the bathroom when she was stepping out of the shower when she was seventeen and had her naked image indelibly burned in my brain, I hadn't seen her naked since we were toddlers, sharing a bath together. I doubt she'd seen me nude either. On the other hand, if she was planning on staying here for two weeks, it was nearly unavoidable she wouldn't see me naked and fucking. I liked fucking my slaves and they liked fucking me, and it didn't much matter where in the house we were at the time. One of the reasons I'd purchased our current dining room table was the heaviness of it allowed me to put a slave on it and fuck her. I knew it would hold their weight.

Damn this was going to be awkward. What the hell, fuck it! My parents had seen me naked and fucking; why not my sister. I went out naked. 

"Nice junk, brother," Cindy said.

"I don't think my sister should be commenting about my junk," I retorted.

"Perhaps you would feel more comfortable if you could comment about mine," Cindy said.

Cindy began giving us the most erotic strip tease I'd ever seen, starting with her blouse. Each button lingered over, especially the last, teasing, yet perhaps waiting for someone to stop her. Who here would stop a person from getting naked?

She had a lovely, semi-transparent, lacy black bra beneath her blouse. The shadows of her nipples plain. She reached for the zipper of her dress and lowered it to the bottom. Cindy unbuttoned the waistband, pausing again, waiting to see if we'd speak. My mouth was dry. I'm not sure if I could speak even if I wanted to. She released it and the skirt dropped to the floor, a rumpled mess around her feet. She wore matching pair of panties to the bra, similarly lacy, hinting at her cleft. Fuck! If she took the rest of her clothes off, I don't think I could hide the erection I'd get. Cindy stepped out of her dress and reached behind her for her bra clasp, thrusting her breasts at us. It came undone and she paused. My cock swelled, my beating heart pumping blood to all the wrong places. Julia noticed immediately. She was always paying attention to my cock. Cindy seemed to notice as well. She looked at the floor, shrugging her shoulders and the bra dropped to her waiting hands, exposing her exquisite breasts, her nipples swelling as we watched. I wished I could slap my dick a couple times to get it to behave, but that would draw even more attention to it.

Still looking down, Cindy straightened up, dropping her bra on the dress. She looked at us. We looked back. Nobody said a word. My cock swelled more. I could feel it jutting in front of me. Cindy peeled her panties over her hips, releasing them to drop to her feet. I felt like I was choking.

"Nice junk," I said, returning her quip.

"You look good enough to eat," Rhonda said. Cindy went red. 

"Her body looks a lot like yours, Julia," Lisa said. "Well she would if you weren't pregnant."

She was right. I'd never noticed it as much as I did now. They looked enough alike they could be related. 

"Did you ever imagine you were fucking your little sister when you fucked me, Master?" Julia asked.

What a crazy thing to say; but looking at her now, I couldn't be positive I hadn't been attracted to Julia in the beginning because of the image of my seventeen year old sister getting out of the shower. How fucking twisted was that? I don't recall ever consciously thinking of Cindy while fucking Julia, but shit! I ignored the question.

Cindy wouldn't let the silence ride. "Did you imagine you were fucking me when you fucked Julia, Scott?"

I was saved by my parents arrival. I went to the door to let them in. Their eyes widened as they saw Cindy naked. I didn't blame them. My eyes were pretty wide at the moment.

"Mom, Dad, it's good to see you again," Cindy said.

Mom got over her surprise the quickest and went to hug her daughter, pulling her into a close embrace. Dad was more cautious. He pulled her into a loose embrace, but Cindy hugged him hard, and he gave up and squeezed her. I didn't blame him. I think if I hugged her now, my swollen meat would turn to steely shaft and I didn't want to attempt explaining that away. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"You decided to go naked like the rest of them, Cindy dear?" Mom asked.

"When in Rome," she replied.

"I wish I looked nice enough to go naked," Sandy said. "It does seem comfortable."

Mom looked fine, but I wasn't about to encourage another family member to strip. Dad might be having the same difficulty I was having. Cindy looked real nice naked.

"Dinner is ready," I said. "Why don't you all have a seat in the dining room and we'll serve."

The four family members took a chair. Dad and I sat as far away from Cindy as we could sit and still be at the same table. Mom sat on one side of her, leaving an empty chair beside her. After the food was on the table, Julia sat down and pulled Rhonda into her lap.

"You gave your Master his blow job, which means you can cum, slave. Would you like to cum?"

"Yes, Domina, please. I'd love to cum."

As the rest of us ate, Julia kissed and caressed Rhonda until she was a panting bundle of need, then fingering her cunt until she climaxed. I suspected Julia was attempting to provoke Cindy and test her reactions to such a blatant display of sexuality. I was curious myself. My parents were a little confused. We weren't normally so blatant in front of them. Not since the beginning of Julia's slavery at least. We'd stopped fucking in front of them, though we normally went naked. I think this was the first time they saw what a slave Rhonda was, quickly surrendering to her Mistress. 

Cindy seemed somewhat unsettled, ignoring it for the most part, but having hitches in her conversation as she tried to collect her thoughts. Nor could she seem to get comfortable, shifting often in her seat, although she wasn't alone. Only Julia and Lisa appeared really relaxed. After Rhonda orgasmed, the scent of aroused female was strong in the room and I wasn't sure Rhonda was the only aroused one. Julia pulled her fingers from Rhonda's cunt and let her lick them clean. I was hard as a rock by this time, glad I had slaves to do things so I wouldn't have to stand and embarrass myself. The meal over and it being on the late side, Mom and Dad left. By this time, I wasn't hard enough to embarrass myself so I could let them out and lock up after them while the ladies cleaned up.

After everything was put away, Julia suggested we go out to the pool. Cindy and I got in the hot tub. If I got an erection, at least it would be buried under the bubbles. 

Julia and Lisa lay down on a couple of the chaise lounges and had Rhonda lick them to orgasms. They both climaxed a couple minutes after Rhonda started, they were that aroused.

"Is it always like this?" Cindy asked. "Near continuous sex."

"Pretty much. I'd probably be more involved."

"Why aren't you?"

"Because you're here and I still haven't made up my mind if I should fuck anyone in front of you."

"Fair enough. You didn't answer the question before Mom and Dad got here. What's the answer?"

Shit, couldn't they get past this. 

"Have you ever thought of me when you were fucking Julia?"

I looked deep into her eyes and said, "I've never consciously thought of you. I don't remember putting your head on her body and thinking to myself, I'm fucking my sister. Obviously, there is a lot of similarity between you and I may have been subconsciously drawn to that when I first met her, but there's so much more to a person than how she looks. Julia is uniquely her and I enjoy fucking the person she is."

"So Master finally answered the question." I looked up and Julia, Lisa and Rhonda were standing there, ready to join us.

"He did," Cindy answered. "Is he being honest?"

"Master has always been very honest, I found. You were raised right."

We made room for them to get in and Julia got into my lap, kissing me. She found my cock, almost hard enough to fuck.

"He may not have thought of it before," Julia said, "but he may in the future if his cock is any indication. Lisa, why don't you take care of this for our Master. Perhaps he won't be embarrassed to get out of the hot tub if you drain his balls."

"Gladly," Lisa said. "I'd love to cum again with his fat prick in my cunt." She mounted my cock and started riding me, the water sloshing as she moved.

"You all seem quite determined to make Cindy and I uncomfortable," I said, though I didn't stop fucking her. I needed it so bad after this evening.

"We're not doing anymore than we usually do, sir. Only her presence makes any difference from our normal behavior. Cindy wanted to know what it was like at our house and she's seeing what it's like. A lot of nudity, a lot of fucking, no shame. We're slaves. This is what we're like. Cindy, let me ask you a question. Why haven't you gotten married? I'm not even sure you've been in a relationship for longer than a year. You must have men swarming you. You're gorgeous. Be honest."

"I'm not sure. Sometimes I lose interest almost immediately. They turn out being one or two night stands. Other times it starts off fairly hot, but cools off after a few months. I don't know if I become bored, that the men I find are uninteresting or what, but I lose feeling for them. Tell me what it's like being a slave?"

Lisa was moaning as she climaxed. It hadn't taken her long. I was still going strong, so I kept pumping.

"Can't you tell what it's like to be a slave? You've seen the evidence of it," Julia said. 

"I've seen you like sex, and like to orgasm, but the same could be said of any slut. What's it like to be a slave?"

"Rhonda, do you want to try answering that?" Julia asked.

"It's the surrender of my will to my Domina so profound, I wish to do anything for her, to yield myself totally to her. Whether it's to sit in her lap and get finger fucked to orgasm in front of someone I've never met before or to lick my sister slaves in front of the same person, to accepting Master's cock fucking my face, my cunt or my ass even though I prefer the gentle comforts of a woman. There is nearly nothing I wouldn't do for her."

"Why would you want to surrender so much of yourself?"

"Because it's in my nature," Rhonda said. "It relaxes me. I must always remain in control at work. Focused and in control. I come home from work tense, and tired. Surrendering myself to Domina puts me at rest, relaxes me. I'm no longer in control. She is. I can be a happy slut doing as I'm told and having great sex."

"The concept of slavery and the sense of submission a slave feels is hard to describe. If you're not submissive, it's hard to understand submission. If you're willing to try an experiment, I might be able to give you a hint of what it's like."

"How?"

"A minor surrender."

"What kind of surrender?"

"Masturbate for us."

I couldn't hold out any longer and exploded into Lisa's cunt. Christ, Julia wanted my sister to masturbate for us?

"Where? Here in the water?"

"No. Not hidden, exposed, out of the hot tub. I can assure you it will help you to see what it's like to be a slave."

Cindy thought for maybe three seconds. "Okay, I'll try it."

Fuck! What was Julia up to, and why would Cindy agree.

******

JULIA

"Come into the house where it's warmer. You'll be chilled out of the tub. Everyone, into the house now."

We all went into the house and I had Rhonda, Lisa and Master sit on the couch. I pulled Master's easy chair so it faced the couch in close proximity. They wouldn't have any trouble seeing what she was doing to herself. I left Cindy standing for the moment while I went into the bedroom. I think Cindy stood there wondering what she'd gotten herself into. She'd soon find out. 

I returned and handed Cindy some lube. "One thing about slaves is we're always ready to fuck. I'm wet all the time and don't have any trouble with Master shoving his big cock in my cunt." I touched myself briefly and showed Cindy the evidence of my arousal, licking my finger clean. "I want you to sit down in the chair facing them and put a little of the lube on yourself."

Cindy sat down, and squirted a little lubricant on her mons. "Lean back and close your eyes."

As soon as Cindy followed her instructions, I told her I was going to touch her legs and asked if it would be okay. She whispered yes and I spread each leg over the arm of her chair, fully opening her to the stares of her watchers. Cindy knew it too. She blushed. 

"Go ahead, masturbate for us. I'm going to stay here and eventually, I'll start whispering in your ear, and if it's okay with you, I'll touch your breasts, though I promise not to touch anything else, okay?" She whispered she understood. "I want you to start touching yourself now. As much as possible, forget everyone else in the room. You're all alone, giving yourself some well earned pleasure. All alone."

She didn't even whisper this time, just nodded her head. Two fingers slipped between her cleft and began stroking her lubricated pussy. The others were watching intently as her fingers slid through the humid flesh. As expected, the lubrication I'd provided became superfluous as her own body took over. I monitored her level of arousal through the tautness of her nipples, her sighs, her breathing. Eventually, she moaned softly and climaxed, her body stiffening as she released. 

"That was a normal orgasm," I whispered seductively, "done only for yourself. Keep going. Give yourself another. Keep your eyes closed." I signaled the others to start masturbating themselves. Master was already hard, watching his sister cum. "This time, it's' not your choice. Your Mistress is demanding you perform for others. Their pleasure, their enjoyment is your only goal in life. Your performance is being graded. If you don't perform well, you'll be punished." I put my hands on her breasts, teased her nipples. "You want to cum, you need to cum, but you don't have permission. You must keep masturbating, but you can't cum or your cunt will be whipped, so you must keep yourself on edge, without release."

Again, I was monitoring her responses, watching for signs of her imminent orgasm. I was also watching the others. The two slaves had both cum already. Master was further away. 

"You can't cum yet. Slow down. They're watching you and the show is not yet over." She slowed down, trying to obey. 

As soon as it appeared the immediate need had lessened, I continued. "Your cunt is open and dripping. You need to cum so desperately, but you can't. You know they're watching you; the guests your Mistress invited to witness your show, your capitulation to her will. They want to see you cum, to watch you thrash in your chair as your orgasm explodes through your body, but they want more of a show. She warns you again, 'Don't cum, slave,' and you're in anguish."

Cindy was in anguish. She needed to cum in the worst way, my kneading hands playing with her taut breasts and whispered words leaving her in distress. I was watching Master and he was close.

"Your Mistress tells you to open your eyes, to see the people you are performing for reach their climax as you do. Open your eyes, slave." She opened her eyes and all three of them were masturbating in front of her. "Now cum!" I shouted.

All four of them climaxed, Master's cum spraying three feet in the air, pulsing blast after blast. Cindy screamed and shattered, her body shaking like a leaf. She saw her three witnesses cum with her, her brother's seed spouting in the air for her. Her orgasm lasted for a long time, much longer than the first. "That was a slave climax, Cindy." I released her breasts.

"Holy fuck," she moaned. "I don't think I've ever cum so hard." 

I could believe it. She had liquid all over her upper thighs. Lisa and Rhonda started to clean Master. His cum was everywhere.

"We cum like that all the time. That's our normal state; cum hungry slaves eager to fuck. The act of submission makes us horny all the time, yet we remain under our Dominant's control, under their will, unable to cum until they say so. It's one of the reasons we surrender so much power to our Master."

"It makes more sense to me now."

"It's late, and you must be exhausted. First a day of travel, and now this. Rhonda will show you to your room. Ask her for anything you need."

"It's been an interesting experience."

She hugged each of us good night. None of the women were shy in rubbing our nude bodies against hers. Master was a little more circumspect. They'd just mutually masturbated for each other and I'm sure he was feeling strange at the powerful orgasm he had while his sister spread her legs and masturbated for us. Cindy ignored his reticence and plastered herself against his chest. I wondered more about their relationship in the past.

******

SCOTT

When I saw what Julia was doing, I almost popped my nut right there. Julia put her in the chair facing us, then spread her legs over the arms, exposing her cunt to us. As soon as Cindy started stroking herself, I felt my cock stirring. How could I be so aroused by my sister? We could see Julia whispering to her; what, I hadn't the foggiest. Cindy had a nice orgasm, it appeared like. My prick felt like a poker as she squirmed in the chair.

Julia whispered something more and Cindy continued masturbating, her cleft wetter than it had been before, drips leaking towards her pucker. Julia signaled us to start masturbating ourselves. With Cindy's eyes closed, I didn't mind too much. I don't know how embarrassed I would have been if she could see me choking the chicken while watching her. Julia kept whispering this time, almost a running commentary. Cindy would slow down some, then speed up, so I guessed she was being told she couldn't cum yet. Both Rhonda and Lisa climaxed beside me, as aroused by the show as I was. 

I was getting so close. Suddenly Cindy opened her eyes, watching us, watching me stroke my meat ready to erupt. Julia shouted 'Now, cum,' and each of us climaxed, my dick like a geyser, spurts of cum fountaining in the air. I couldn't help myself. I continued to stroke my cock until every drop of juice was wrung from my nuts, the last few drops dripping down my shrinking shaft. Cindy continued to shiver in her chair for a few minutes, her fingers and thighs soaked in her juices.

"That was a slave climax, Cindy," Julia said.

"Holy fuck," she moaned. "I don't think I've ever cum so hard." 

I didn't cum like that too much myself. Normally, I was kept too drained to have semen spurt that hard out of my cock. 

"We cum like that all the time. That's our normal state," Julia said; "cum hungry slaves eager to fuck. The act of submission makes us horny all the time, yet we remain under our Dominant's control, under their will, unable to cum until they say so. That orgasm is one of the reasons we surrender so much power to our Master."

"It makes more sense to me now."

"It's late, and you must be exhausted. First a day of travel, and now this. Rhonda will show you to your room. Ask her for anything you need."

"It's been an interesting experience." 

I could see her peeking at me, knowing I'd cum for her just as hard as she'd cum for me. This was going to be a bad two weeks if the first day was any indication. Cindy hugged each of the slaves good night. I still had some cum on my chest and belly and didn't want to hug her, knowing I'd smear it on her, but she grabbed me and rubbed herself against me as we hugged, and I knew she was carrying a part of me up to the shower as she left.

After the three of us wiped up some of the spillage we'd created, we went to bed, Rhonda joining us after assisting Cindy.

"That was so hot, Domina. May I please cum again?"

"Lisa, would you like to take care of our needy little slave?" Julia asked.

"Master, may I cum also?" Lisa asked.

"Yes," I answered. "Feel free to cum as much as you need to."

They sank into a sixty-nine and both of them were soon lapping at the folds of the other. Julia got up and got a wet washcloth. She carefully wiped up the remaining evidence of my orgasm. She got up and put the washcloth away and curled into my arms, her big belly bumping up against mine.

"You seemed unusually aroused tonight, Master."

"You noticed?" 

"We don't usually have a fountain in our living room, Master. It's hard to imagine you had that much left in your sack after getting sucked by Rhonda and fucked by Lisa."

"I guess that was pretty obvious."

"Is there something you should be telling us about your relationship with Cindy? Is it the reason we haven't seen her for four years? Some reason she wants to avoid you?"

"No, not on my part. I've never done anything with Cindy I'd be ashamed to tell anyone about. There's only one thing I can think of that's even the slightest bit off."

"What's that, sir."

"When she was seventeen and I was twenty, I came home from college one day. I had to piss like a racehorse and went bursting into our bathroom because the door was unlocked. Cindy was just stepping out of the shower in all her naked glory. I came to a dead halt, surprised to see her there, my bladder bursting. She seemed just as surprised as I was. We stood there looking at each other for maybe three seconds, nervous as hell I'd seen her. Then I rushed out of there like a scalded cat for another bathroom. That's it. There's never been anything more. No peeking in her bedroom or trying to spy on her with her boyfriends. Nothing. I admit it made an impression on me though."

"You were dating Zoe at the time, weren't you?"

"I was."

"Hmm, I wonder what she would think if she learned you were still fucking Zoe?"

"I suppose we could find out."

"Could be fun," Julia said.

She turned around and went to sleep. Both of the others went to sleep soon after, climaxed out. I laid awake thinking of Cindy's fingers squishing through her blonde haired cunt. My cock was hard.

******

JULIA

Both Master and Cindy were late getting up on Saturday. When Cindy got up, joining us, she was naked. Lisa and I were giving Master his morning blow job. One of us would lick his hairy sack while the other swallowed his shaft. We'd occasionally switch off so it was indeterminate who would get his reward. Cindy watched intently as his cock disappeared in our throats. When he climaxed, I was the recipient of his cum. I swallowed most of it, then leaving Lisa to clean up after, I stood up and greeted her with a hug and kiss. When I pushed a little of his seed in her mouth with my tongue, she startled, pulling back. I smiled at her and licked my lips, then she smiled back and licked hers, tasting her brother.

"Good morning, Cindy," I said. "You slept late this morning."

"As tired as I was, I had difficulty falling asleep. Too wound up, I guess."

"Apparently, Master was too. He slept almost as late as you did." They glanced at each other. "Would you like some waffles for breakfast? I defrosted some frozen strawberries to put on them. We've also got bacon and sausage links."

"That sounds good, thank you."

Rhonda set some on a plate and invited her to sit down. Rhonda also set a plate for Master.

"Aren't you going to have any food?" 

"We ate already. I'm so hungry in the morning, I have to eat as soon as I get up. Junior, you know." I patted my bulging belly. "He demands food. Master's cum isn't sufficient nourishment."

Cindy smiled again. "No, I suppose not."

"What are your plans for the next couple days?" I asked.

"I'm going to Mom and Dad's tomorrow for the day. We have a lot to catch up on. Today, I have some last minute Christmas shopping to do. I was hoping to borrow your car. What are your plans?"

"Master was going to prepare some bonus checks for his staff. Lisa and Rhonda are making Christmas cookies. I was going to help them, but I do have some last minute shopping to do as well, mostly groceries for Christmas dinner. I could take you shopping if you don't mind the company. We've never had much of an opportunity to get to know one another well."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"No, I don't mind the company at all."

Master looked at me suspiciously. "I promise to take good care of your sister, Master. I won't break her."

"Fine." He looked like he wanted to say more, but bit his tongue. 

After they ate, I sent her to her room to get dressed while I helped clean up the kitchen. I usually had far fewer clothes to put on than most people. I showered, put on one of my maternity dresses to go out. I still didn't wear panties, but I'd taken to wearing a bra as my breasts were getting larger and needed more support than normal.

We got in the car and headed for the mall.

"What are we doing for Christmas?" Cindy asked.

"Lisa's parents, my parents and your parents are coming over for a feast and to exchange gifts on Christmas Day. In addition to them, one of my employees, Shasta, is coming over with her mother and son."

"Which one was she? I got a little flustered when I saw them since they were all naked."

"They were flustered too. Shasta was the black woman with the scars."

"What happened to her?"

I told her the sordid story of her gang rape and the conception of her son, and the car accident where she'd acquired her scars.

"Our medical insurance doesn't cover elective plastic surgery, so us and some friends have collected money to pay for some surgery to get her prettied up again."

"My goodness, does she know?"

"No, it will be a surprise. A couple of the things I have to buy today are gifts for her mother, Bernice, and son, Cedric. Life's been a bit rough for them."

"Would you mind if I donated something too?"

"Not at all. I figure the more money we collect, the more she can get fixed."

"What about Rhonda's family?"

"She's a bit on the outs with them. None of them particularly accept she's lesbian and that she moved in with us. She's working nights on both Christmas Eve and Christmas night. She'll spend a few hours or so exchanging gifts with them on Christmas Eve before she goes to work. We'll let her sleep as long as she can on Christmas Day, then nap again before she has to go to work."

We chatted about some other things, then I said, "Master told me last night how once when he was in college, he burst into the bathroom as you were getting out of the shower. Must have been quite embarrassing for you to seen like that by your brother?"

"Yes, it was."

"How long did you plan for him to catch you naked?"

"How could you possibly know that?" Cindy asked, startled.

"I didn't know; until now."

"Oh, shit! Are you going to tell Scott?"

"It depends. What are you willing to do to keep it secret?"

Cindy glared at me. I couldn't blame her. Apparently, I was willing to blackmail her into doing something.

"What do you want?"

"What I want is for you to be completely honest with me. If I feel you're anything less than forthcoming, I'll tell him. Otherwise, I'll keep my mouth shut and he'll never know."

She stared at me. "That's it. You want me to be honest with you."

"I want you to bare your soul. How long did you plan on letting him see you naked? Be honest."

"Around six months."

"Why so long?"

"It took me awhile to think of the plan, some time for me to learn when he'd be coming home and I wanted my parents to be gone."

"Did you want your parents to be gone because you were hoping something would happen?"

"Maybe. Possibly. I'm not sure." We were stopped at a red light, so I looked at her. "Fuck! Yes, I was hoping something might happen."

"What?"

"I wanted him to have sex with me."

"You must have been disappointed when he didn't?"

"Yes. I was disappointed." She sounded like she was eating glass.

I was pulling into the parking lot of the mall, so I found a place to park and twisted in my seat to look at her.

"Did you try to see him naked?"

"Yes."

"How many times did you see him naked? I want you to bare your soul, remember."

"Over twenty, I think. I don't remember the exact number."

"Had you seen him masturbate before last night and how many times?"

"Four times before last night." Cindy couldn't look at me.

"Did you ever see him fuck Zoe?"

"How do you know Zoe?"

"I'm asking the questions."

"Yes, three times," Cindy responded guiltily.

"You must have been very sneaky. Were you jealous that Zoe could fuck Scott and you couldn't?"

"Yes," miserably, eyes downcast.

"How many times did you dream of him fucking you?"

"Almost every night for three years. Many times since."

"Did you enjoy baring yourself for your brother last night and masturbating for him?"

"Yes." Tears started forming in her eyes.

"Were you aroused by knowing he masturbated while watching you?"

"Yes." Tears flowing down her cheeks.

"Is the reason you had trouble sleeping last night because you kept thinking of him fucking you?"

"Yes." Starting to choke up now, half sobbing.

"Is Master the reason you haven't been able to form permanent relationships with anyone else? Still carrying the torch for your first love?"

"I don't know." She looked at me. "Fuck, it's possible. There might be other reasons."

"When we were sucking his cock this morning, did you wish it was you?"

"You asshole! Yes. I suppose you think I'm the world's biggest pervert now? Do you want me to go back to my parents house."

I laughed. "No. Why would I want that?"

"Because I want to have incestuous sex with my brother, your husband."

"Far be it from me to call anyone perverted. I think it's somewhat amusing. Why do you think I gave you a taste of his cum this morning? I thought you might like it."

"You did that on purpose?"

"Well after watching the way you masturbated for each other last night, I had my suspicions. I kind of tested my suspicions by sharing his cum. If you were outraged, I might not have suspected you planned for him to see you naked on purpose. Since you weren't outraged, I believed you did. It must have been nice to look at each other naked yesterday."

"You really don't care if I want to have sex with Scott?"

"I wish I could accommodate your desires. I believe Scott wouldn't mind plugging your pretty blonde cunt either."

"But you can't because I'm not a slave?"

"I can't because it's incest, and in the long run, I think you'd both regret it. We live with a police officer. I'm not going to test her devotion to the law against her devotion to me. I don't want to risk either of you being arrested. Even if you weren't arrested, I'm sure the guilt would haunt you. I don't want you disappearing from our lives for another four or more years because you felt guilty you fucked him. Some loves are best left unrequited, and incest is probably one of them."

"How can you not think I'm a sick twisted pervert?"

"When my slavery first started, we had this party at our house with several other slaves and a few others; some friends, family, other dominants, including Jerry and Chen, who became Masters afterward. In fact, Reneé decided to become a slave after the party. My parents were there. During the party, the slaves took turns being bound and blindfolded. They were made available for the non-slaves to make sexual use of them. A woman named Sarah monitored the bound slaves to ensure they weren't mistreated by anyone. Her main purpose in being there was to keep my parents from fucking me or prevent any other incestuous acts to occur. I didn't know that at the time. 

"While it was my turn, Sarah whispered to me that my parents were watching me get fucked. She said my father had an erection and suggested to me that after the person inside me orgasmed, my father might want a turn with me. The mere suggestion my father might fuck my slutty ass, cunt or mouth made me twist up inside and I had some of the most powerful orgasms I've ever had. Was I perverted for having such powerful orgasms thinking my father could fuck me? Possibly. But he didn't and I don't have to live with the guilt, only the memory of what might have occurred if Master hadn't ensured it wouldn't. I don't blame you for loving my Master, any more than I blame Lisa for loving him. I don't want him to live with the guilt of fucking you, but I don't blame him for wanting you. I'd fuck you myself. You're a lovely woman. Just because he can't fuck you, doesn't mean you can't have a little fun with the idea of fucking him."

She was looking at me like I'd sprouted wings. "What do you mean?"

"We could allow more things like what happened last night, or even this morning. Allow your fantasies to run free. What would you think of watching him fuck someone else, then sucking his cum out of her cunt?"

"Yours?"

"That's a little too close to incest, even if not technically incest, even for a sex slave like me. I was thinking of Rhonda. Have you ever been with a woman before?"

"No, but I've wanted to. I'm not sure that isn't the other reason I haven't formed permanent relationships with men. Other than Scott, I find myself more attracted to women than men. It's like if I can't have what I want, no other man measures up."

"I can sympathize. I'm not sure I'd want any Master other than mine, with the possible exception of Jerry. I might accept a Mistress easier than another Master. Why haven't you tried being with a woman before?"

"Afraid. Don't know what to do."

"Well, this is the place to find out. Rhonda is an expert at pleasing a woman and wouldn't mind teaching you to please her."

"I can't believe you don't care about me wanting to fuck Scott?"

"It's not as if I don't care. It's just my Master's desires are paramount to me. Let me tell you another little secret; Master still fucks Zoe. She was here a couple weeks ago while we were getting our tattoos."

"He's cheating on you?" Actual outrage, considering she also wanted to cheat with him.

"It's not cheating if I give her to him. She's a slave, like I am, even farther into a pregnancy, due right after New Year's. Since we were gone the whole weekend, we arranged for three slaves to gratify Master sexually while we were gone. Zoe was one of them, though not the primary one. We picked someone who really craves cock occasionally."

"How do you know Zoe, and isn't she a lesbian? Isn't that why she and Scott broke up."

"Being a lesbian hasn't stopped Rhonda from fucking Master and it hasn't stopped Zoe from fucking him. It's not like she never had sex with him before. She's done legal work for us, including the documents to provide for Lisa's security since we can't marry her, and help set up my business. We're friends with her Mistress. It was kind of a slave swap, the three of us for the three of them. We had to serve Zoe's Mistress and anyone else she wanted us to pleasure, while they satisfied Master."

"You say she's pregnant. It's not Scott's child is it?"

"Not hers. One of the other slaves who came is carrying Scott's child. It's a long story and one which I won't share at the moment, but I'll be happy to share later. We might as well do what we started and go shopping."

We got out of the car and started walking into the Department Store anchor where Gwen worked.

"I mentioned Master made me seduce a sales clerk after my slavery started. She works here. I'll introduce you if she's working today. This close to Christmas, I'm sure most clerks are. He was more comfortable sharing me with women to start, than he was sharing me with other men. Other than the Mistress who trained me to lick cunt, Gwen's was the first woman I was with and the first who wasn't expecting me to lick her cunt."

We went inside the store. I picked out a nice blouse and earrings for Bernice. Cindy picked out things for her parents, Scott, Lisa and Rhonda. I had to let her lose me while she found something for me. When I went to the sales counter, Gwen was working.

She saw Cindy waiting with me, her gifts already paid for. "You don't have another slave who has to seduce someone do you?"

"No," I laughed. "Gwen, this is Cindy, Master's sister. Cindy, this is Gwen, the woman I was telling you about."

"Too bad. I would have let her seduce me. She looks hot," she whispered. "I kind of miss having a talented cunt licker lick me once in awhile. I see you're pregnant?"

"As opposed to gaining a ton of weight?" I laughed. "I actually had a bun in the oven before my slavery started. Kind of pushed me to do it. Like a now or never proposition. How are things going with Sherman?"

"They're going well. Our marriage is as good as it's been for years. Every so often, he comes home with another toy to experiment with. It's good."

"I'm so happy for you, Gwen."

"Thank you. I notice from your collar you're still a slave. I thought it was ending after three weeks."

"It was supposed to. We decided to make it permanent. Lisa is living with us, too. Plus, I've got my own slave."

"No kidding. Man or woman?"

"A woman. Master no longer wants us fucking other men. It was part of our agreement for his remaining our Master. We're having a bonding ceremony in Los Angeles in May, about the time of the anniversary of it starting. Would you and Sherman like to attend?"

"I think I'd like that. Send me the details. Say hi to everyone for me."

"I will."

We also stopped at a game store to buy something for Cedric.

"What do you think for a four year old who likes Chutes and Ladders and a big red rubber ball?" I asked. 

"You could buy a similar game, or he's probably old enough for his first baseball glove, though not the baseball. More like a soft rubber ball to play catch with," Cindy said. "Does he have other kids to play with?"

"Not at home. He might have a few he spends time with, but mostly it is his mother and grandmother."

"Why not consider an iPad. It's important for kids to develop electronic skills anymore. You can get kids and learning games for it. He can watch TV shows on it, read books on it and he wouldn't need to pester his mom or grandma all the time, plus he can develop valuable skills such as photography, graphic arts, typing."

"I don't even know if Shasta has internet access at home."

"Call her up and ask her."

I called her up. "Shasta, this is Julia. Do you have internet access in your house?"

"Why do you need to know?"

"I'm thinking of a Christmas gift for Cedric and it works better if you have internet."

"You don't need to buy him a gift. He hardly knows you."

"There will be other people here opening gifts. He'll feel left out if he doesn't have one to open. It wouldn't be fair."

"You and I both know life ain't fair. He need to learn."

"He'll have a thousand other times to learn life isn't fair. Christmas shouldn't have to be one of them. Please."

"Okay. We have basic internet service."

"With wifi?"

"No wifi."

"Thank you, Shasta. Goodbye."

After hanging up, I said. "She might need a wifi server too."

"Now we're out of my area of expertise," Cindy said.

"Mine, too. Master handles the electronics in the house."

I bought an iPad for Cedric and made a mental note to consult Master about the wifi issue. We next went to the grocery store and bought everything we needed for a big Christmas Dinner for fourteen people. Turkey, ham, all the fixings. 

On the way home, I told Cindy it was up to her, but if she wanted Rhonda to spend the night with her, she could.

"If you don't want to reciprocate for your pleasure, it's okay. Rhonda's a slave and she doesn't always get to cum. If you want, just give her permission to masturbate and she'll be fine."

"I'll think about it."

The house smelled glorious when we got home; sugar and spices and vanilla, all the things that make up cookies scented the air. I stripped immediately. After our conversations today, Cindy was more hesitant. I winked at her, knowing what was probably percolating in her brain. She mentally shrugged and took off her clothes. I noticed Master got a little stiffer than he usually got without physical stimulation. The brain is a powerful sex organ. 

******

SCOTT

After a relatively quiet meal, characterized by some uncommon silences, I was surprised when Julia said, "I believe my Master and his sister have some unresolved sexual feelings for one another."

I looked at my wife and I looked at my sister. What the fuck had they talked about while they were gone shopping. Cindy looked as scared as I felt. Like the hand of doom was about to descend down and wipe us from the face of the earth.

"If it wasn't immediately apparent to everyone when we had Cindy's exploration into what it might be like to be a slave last night, I would like to confirm it's true on her part, and from the stiffy Master has been sporting all evening at supper, I assume it is true on his part too. I believe something should be done about this. Would everyone please come into the living room now."

Julia took my hand, walked me around the table and took Cindy's hand and led us both into the living room. The other two followed after, curious, and perhaps nervous, though definitely not as panicked as I was. Julia was the only serene countenance in the room. At least she wasn't leading us to the bedroom, which might be a thousand times worse. I was not looking forward to what awaited in the living room either. Visions of the end of my marriage, divorce, public shame, humiliation, blazed through my mind like my life flashing before my eyes in a near death experience. Worse yet, I hadn't done anything but look and maybe wonder what it would be like to fuck my sister who looked so much like my wife it wasn't fair. Was that my fault? What the hell did they talk about?

"Please sit down on the couch you two," she pointed. Cindy sat on one end and I sat on the other. "No, closer together. Take your sister's hand and hold it, please Master."

Neither of us the had the willpower to disobey. We just looked at each other, moved close enough to hold hands, and I took it.

"What I now believe to be true is Master wants to fuck his sister, and she wants to fuck him back."

"Domina..." Rhonda started, but Julia held up her hand. "You may speak when I give you leave to speak, slave."

Rhonda shut up.

"In deference to the laws of California, and most other places in the world, they cannot fuck one another. Rhonda would likely feel honor bound to arrest them both if they should consummate their lust for one another. Therefore, they can't fuck. They require a go between. Rhonda, you will be that go between."

"Domina, I'm confused."

"Let me finish. All will be answered."

Good, because I was confused as hell too. This seemed to be going in an entirely different direction than I'd anticipated, though I didn't know what I'd anticipated except it wasn't good.

"They will sit next to one another as they are now, except move a little closer to one another please. You're going to be having virtual sex. You will hold hands and spread your legs slightly so Rhonda can get between them. You will close your eyes. Rhonda will begin by licking Cindy's cunt. She will do so for a couple minutes, then move to Master and suck his cock for a couple minutes. Cindy, it is your responsibility to imagine it is your brother licking your pussy. You may tell him what you wish he would do to you and Rhonda will do it. Master, you must imagine it is Cindy sucking your cock. You will tell her how much you love the way she's sucking you. You may speak and talk to each other as if it is your sibling pleasuring you while you hold hands. Rhonda will keep alternating between the two of you until each of you cums at least once. Does everyone understand their part in this?"

This was nowhere in the ballpark of what I expected when Julia led us in here. Not in the same fucking galaxy. My imagination could never have comprehended what Julia was telling us to do. Cindy squeezed my hand.

"I understand," Cindy said.

"I do too," I said quietly, squeezing back.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
"Slave, I believe this would not violate any laws?"

"No, Domina. No laws would be broken and I understand my part."

"The two primary participants may close their eyes and Rhonda will begin."

Before I closed my eyes, I saw Julia pull Lisa down in my big easy chair to sit in her lap.

In seconds, I felt Rhonda move one of Cindy's legs over my own to give her access to Cindy's cunt, and she nudged my legs a little wider. Cindy squeezed my hand again and I heard the familiar sound of a tongue sliding through wet folds.

"Mmm, Scott, lover. I can't believe how well you lick my pussy," Cindy said. "It's so nice." A quick inhalation of breath as something sensitive was touched.

In a couple minutes, a warm wet mouth descended over my rampant organ, sliding down to the base of my shaft as a feminine hand cupped my balls. Up and down, until her lips caressed the short hairs on my sack.

I got in the mood. "Christ, Cindy, where did you learn to deep throat?" I groaned, and I felt Cindy exert pressure on my hand again. She didn't spoil the illusion by speaking while my cock was embedded in Rhonda's mouth, just moaned as if her mouth was full. Rhonda's mouth left me again and Cindy whispered, "I love how you suck my clit, Scott," so I knew what Rhonda was doing.

This was going better than I expected. With my eyes closed, I could imagine Cindy's blonde head bobbing up and down on my shaft, instead of Rhonda's nappy curls. I was going to pop my rocks even harder than last night. 

"Oh, fuck, Scott, you're licking my asshole, you dirty boy."

"Keep twirling your tongue around the head of my prick."

"Dig your tongue right up my pussy, baby."

"I love the way you cup my nut sack."

I heard Lisa and Julia cumming. They weren't making lots of noise, but they couldn't totally stifle their pleasure either. Cindy heard them too. I think it sparked her own orgasm. 

"I'm cumming! Don't stop, don't stop, don't you fucking stop. Oh, Jesus, that feels good."

Her hand felt like a vise as she climaxed she gripped me so hard.

"You're sucking my balls, Cindy. I love it."

"You're going to make me cum again."

"I'm going to blow soon. You ready to swallow my cum."

"Shove your fingers up my cunt, Scott. Fuck me with them. Faster."

My cock was aching like it wanted to burst at the seams, like it was twice its normal size. So fucking hard, it could cut glass.

Cindy was cumming again, wailing like a banshee, then calling my name over and over. "Scott! Oh, Scott! You make me feel so good." I could almost taste her cum, right in my imagination. Then a finger pushed through my lips and I could taste her for real, tart and tangy, just before the mouth bottomed out over my cock and an insistent vacuum sucked the cum from my balls with a groan. Spurt after thick spurt, spewing forth, every drop disappearing in the hungry maw of a wet, wonderful mouth.

"You did it, Cindy. You made me cum. You're swallowing it all, baby, like the sweetest nectar. Oh, Fuck!" I groaned. 

I swear my orgasm went on for two or three minutes; so long I felt dehydrated. I finally opened my eyes. Lisa and Julia were grinning like crazy. Rhonda was leaning back on her heels, her face full of Cindy's cum, a slight smile gracing her dark face. I looked at Cindy. Her eyes were still closed, and her abdomen still shivered in post orgasmic after shocks.

I leaned over and kissed her and she opened her eyes, smoky and smoldering still.

"Did you like that, sis?" I asked.

She smiled at me like the cat that ate the canary.

"Some of the best sex I ever had," Cindy whispered. "That was special beyond words. Thank you, ever so much for giving me this experience."

Julia laughed. "Good. Your jobs, should you choose to accept it, is to come up with as many ways for our two love birds to have sex as they can, without actually having sex. Put your thinking caps on, boys and girls; our work is cut out for us. Master, if you lick Rhonda's face, you can still taste some of your sister's cum."

Damned if I didn't lick some of the cum off Rhonda's face, trying to taste more of her. 

When I'd finished, I said, "You're a very twisted individual, Julia. You make me so fucking happy."

"Thank you, Master. I live to serve. The thing you did tonight is not exactly what I had in mind when I offered you Rhonda's services, Cindy. But since you've now had your cunt licked by a woman, perhaps you'd welcome the opportunity to enjoy her some more and take her to your bed tonight?"

"Thank you. It's a lovely offer and I can't wait to see what she can do when she's not switching back and forth."

"Let's hope you both sleep better tonight than you did last night," Julia said.

"I'm not sure I want to sleep tonight," Cindy said, taking Rhonda's hand.

"Make my proud, slave," Julia ordered. "Don't disappoint your Master's sister."

"No, Domina. I will make you proud."

Not much slipped by my slave. I don't know how she managed to come up with this, but she was going to get so fucked tonight.

******

Lisa, Julia and I were sitting down having breakfast when Cindy and Rhonda appeared. Cindy was dressed to go to the parents. Both of their faces were clean, but both of their heads were damp as if she'd come from the shower. Faces had probably been washed as well.

"I've got to run," Cindy said. "I'm already late."

"Do you need the car?" I asked.

"I'll get a Lyft," she replied. "It's just there and back."

"Wait, Cindy," Julia said. "You need your present first."

"What present?"

"Master's cum," Julia replied. "Rhonda, you may earn your orgasms today by sucking Master's cock, then kissing Cindy and sharing his gift."

"Yes, Domina."

Cindy sat beside me and watched Rhonda give me my morning blow job. Knowing she was watching so intently, just waiting to accept my sperm from Rhonda spun me right up. It didn't take long before I was blowing my load in Rhonda's mouth. She took every drop of cum, stood up, kissed Cindy open mouthed and dribbled my cum into my sister's mouth. I practically got hard again watching their lewd display. I watched Cindy swallow it all, before she contacted Lyft.

After she left, Julia asked Lisa if she would feel strange fucking Cindy. 

"Some states recognize sexual relationships created by marriage as incestuous. California isn't one of them, and even if it was, you're not married to Master. We recognize you as an equal partner in our relationship, but the State doesn't. Could you fuck Cindy?"

"I fucked her parents on Memorial Day," Lisa said. "I suppose I could."

"At the time, our relationship was considered temporary," Julia said. "It's not anymore. You're permanently attached to us now. I won't ask you to be the surrogate if you would feel squeamish."

"Why can't Rhonda keep doing it?" Lisa asked. "It worked fine last night and this morning." 

"Rhonda starts work tonight and she'll be sleeping most of the day plus she's got family obligations on Christmas Eve. If the urge for sex overcomes them, it would be nice to know someone can step up and take one for the team. I can't, both because I'm not slim enough for Master to imagine himself fucking her and can't take a vigorous dicking anymore, and as Master's wife, I do get squeamish. I couldn't fuck his parents and fucking Cindy feels like I'd be fucking my own sister, if I had one."

Lisa thought about it briefly. "I think I can do it. I could imagine I was fucking you before you got preggers."

"There you go, Master. You have two people you can fuck instead of your sister."

Just talking about it and reimagining last night and this morning, found my cock rock hard. I pulled Julia into my lap and she mounted my shaft and we had another slow screw.

I kept kissing her ear, the side of her neck, nuzzled the juncture of her neck and shoulder as she rode me. Just before I orgasmed, I whispered, "I love you," and kissed her passionately, our tongues entwining as I pumped her full of cum.

"I love you too, Master," she panted. "More than words could ever say."

She'd already proven it without words.

******

JULIA

The rest of the day was pretty lazy. I told Master what I'd gotten Cedric for Christmas and he said he'd make sure they got wifi in their house after Christmas. I rewarded Rhonda for her devotion to her service before lunch, then she went to bed to nap before work. Master fucked Lisa, getting her caught up on her orgasms for the day. Lisa and I wrapped presents, putting them under the tree when we finished.

"You're a perv," Lisa said. "You know that, don't you? I can't believe you're helping Master fuck his sister, even by proxy. Who even thinks of that?"

"A perv sex slave who's utterly devoted to her Master."

"What do you think Dan and Sandy would think if they knew?"

"I don't know. They need never find out. He's not really fucking her and that's the important thing."

"How the hell did you even figure out they had a thing with each other?" Lisa asked.

"You saw the way they climaxed together on Friday night. Have you even seen Master squirt so far after being fucked a couple times previously in the evening? And her scream as she opened her eyes, climaxed, and saw him spew his load was telling. You remember how Master said he'd seen his sister naked accidentally when he came home from school and caught her stepping out of the shower?"

"Yes. So?"

"I know Master often got home from school around seven, normally around the time Cindy would be finishing her evening meal. A strange time to shower unless you've been working out, so I got suspicious of why she was in the shower in the first place. Yesterday, before we went shopping, we sucked Master off and I got his cum. I kissed her afterward and gave her a little of his cum. She wasn't offended by it, even seemed to like it. While we were driving to the mall, after getting her nice and relaxed with meaningless chit chat, I told her Master had seen her naked getting out of the shower and it must have been embarrassing. She said it was and then I asked her how long she'd been plotting to let her brother see her naked. Her response wasn't 'I never planned any such thing'; it was 'How did you know?' Then I said I'd tell Master she'd planned it unless she was honest with me. I asked her how much she'd spied on him; if she'd seen him masturbate, if she'd watched him make love to Zoe. Turns out it was a lot. 

"Then I asked her if it was the reason she'd never formed any permanent relationships with any men, and she admitted it might be part of it. She said other men didn't hold much interest for her if she couldn't have Scott. She's been out of our lives for four years, I suspect because she was ashamed of her feelings for him and seeing me, looking so much like her we could almost be related. Master could never fuck her and give her what she really wanted, but perhaps she didn't need to be so far away if she could have close to what she wanted. I decided to give it to her, and Master as well. He wasn't horribly upset to watch his sister masturbate for us, and he did marry me, so subconsciously at least, might have wanted to fuck his sister."

"The way your mind works sometimes amazes me. Figuring out Rhonda, even Janet a little. I wouldn't have caught on."

"You have artistic talents, mine go more towards other things. I suppose it was why I enjoyed my perv books so much."

She leaned forward and kissed me. "It's worked out, my love."

"It has, hasn't it."

******

When Cindy got back from her parents after supper, she was vibrating with sexual energy. She practically tore her clothes off when she closed the door behind her.

"I want to do it again," she said. "I want to do what you suggested yesterday, Julia."

"What was that again? I don't recall." Well, maybe I did if it was what I was thinking of, but I wanted to hear Cindy say it.

"I want Scott to fuck Rhonda and I want to suck his cum out of her cunt."

It was the same thing.

"Come along to the bedroom," I said. "Lisa and I will want to watch. Besides, you should see all the ways three or even four people can pleasure themselves."

In the bedroom, we put her in the middle of the bed with Rhonda crouched over her. While Rhonda dined on her pussy, Master pushed his steel rod deep in Rhonda's cunt. I swear his cock seemed even larger than usual. Cindy's eyes were glued to her brother's cock as he fucked Rhonda. She was climaxing like crazy, watching his prick piston back and forth, slick with Rhonda's juices as Rhonda expertly pleasured her pussy. I could tell she wanted to grab his balls and fondle them as they dangled over her head, or even lick them, but she was a good girl and restrained herself. Cindy's eyes grew wide as Master grunted and his prick pulsed, flooding Rhonda with his cream. For a couple minutes he strained tight against her ass, pumping, panting, throbbing above her.

His orgasm done, he slowly pulled out and a string of his cum stretched from the tip of his cock to Rhonda's cunt until it snapped and dangled in Cindy's face. Master backed up and I cleaned him off, tasting them, Rhonda lowering herself onto Cindy's mouth. It opened wide, and with a wide sweep of her tongue, collected the cum and juices beginning to leak from her tight sheath. I swear I had a mini orgasm as they ate each other out; her so blonde, Rhonda so dark. Master's cock was hard again before they finished.

I begged him to fuck Lisa so Cindy could have another helping of his cum. We three watched as Master plowed Lisa hard for many minutes, Lisa cumming multiple times under his fucking. He finally shuddered and surrendered another load. On the echo of Master pulling out, Cindy was buried between Lisa's legs, gathering his cum.

After, Rhonda had to shower and go to work. Since Cindy wouldn't have Rhonda as a bed partner tonight, we let her sleep with us, two bodies between them, first Lisa's, then, mine. They held hands over us.

"Thank you, again," Cindy whispered as we drifted off.

"You're welcome," Lisa said, kissing her.

******

Monday was a work day, and we worked until three, at which time I told them they'd be off Christmas Eve and Christmas Day, with pay. Lisa and I gave everyone but Shasta their gifts, telling Shasta she'd get hers on Christmas Day when she came over. Cindy watched for awhile, as naked as everyone else, then she went out by the pool. At five, Rhonda got up and helped with supper. When Master got home, it was Rhonda who sucked him again as she was expected to earn her orgasms each day by taking care of Master first. She shared her reward with Cindy again, waiting like a baby bird with its mouth open, hoping for food. 

During supper, I asked Cindy if she'd ever been fucked in the ass and if she enjoyed it.

"A few times. It was okay, but not great. What have you got in mind for tonight?"

"A good ass fucking, of course."

"How?" 

"You'll see." I calmly continued feeding my slave, an enigmatic smile on my face.

"Of course," I whispered to Rhonda, "a good ass fucking for her means a good ass fucking for you."

"Yes, Domina."

Such a good girl, I finger fucked her to three orgasms before supper was done. She'd earned them.

We cleaned up after supper, and Cindy was so nervous she was bouncing on the balls of her feet, incapable of remaining still. We adjourned to the bedroom once more. Rhonda was given the strapless and told to put it on. We lubricated Cindy's and Rhonda's butt holes; well, Rhonda did Cindy's and I did Rhonda's. Cindy was told to get on the bed and lie on her side. I tied a blindfold around her eyes. Rhonda got on the bed behind Cindy and slowly slid the dildo up her ass, Cindy groaning distinctly as we liked our toys thick.

Master got behind Rhonda and worked his shaft into her bottom. I blindfolded him. I placed his hand on Cindy's hip.

"You must keep your hand only here on Cindy, Master, and not reach for any erogenous zones on her. Rhonda will attempt to duplicate what you do to her. If you fuck into her, she'll fuck into Cindy. If you grab her tits, she'll grab Cindy's. If you pinch her nipples, she'll pinch Cindy's. You can't see again, so you may imagine you're fucking Cindy's ass and Cindy can imagine it's your cock in hers. Rhonda, when you feel Master cumming in your ass, you may turn on the vibration function, but not until then. Is Master's cock hard, slave."

"Like a steel pole in my ass, Domina," Rhonda grunted.

"Begin," I said, reaching for Lisa so we could comfort one another.

Master thrust into Rhonda, grunting. Cindy grunted moments later as Rhonda slammed into her. Master kept his hand on her hip for several minutes, lightly stroking her flank. Eventually, he moved to Rhonda's breasts, not as large as Cindy's but a reasonable substitute. Rhonda moaned, her nipples so sensitive and Cindy moaned with her. He played with Rhonda's breasts as he slowly pumped in and out of Rhonda's magnificent ass. 

"Brother, I'm cumming," Cindy whimpered. It looked like Rhonda was too.

"I'm going to play with your clit now," Master said, reaching for Rhonda's. "I want you to keep cumming for me."

Rhonda's hand reached between Cindy's legs and duplicated everything Master was doing to her, from lightly stroking her clit, to her breasts again and back down. Cindy's orgasm seemed very long and very satisfying.

"I'm going to cum soon," Master said. "I'm going to pump your ass full of my cum."

That's the one thing Rhonda wasn't going to be doing to Cindy.

Master reached for Rhonda's clit and pinched it. "I'm cumming, sis. Cum with me." Master turned into a board, the only thing moving was his cock and balls as he pulsed deep in Rhonda's rear. Rhonda had turned on the vibrator before pinching Cindy's clit. Cindy screamed again, shaking as wave after wave of pleasure washed over her. After a couple minutes, they all slumped, exhausted from the intensity of their orgasms.

I got a washcloth so I could wash Master's cock, lying limp across his stomach, still swollen though. 

"I hope that was eminently satisfying for everyone," I said, gently washing his cock.

"I've never cum so much and so hard in my life," Cindy panted. "You cum like this all the time?"

All three slaves laughed. "Every fucking time," Rhonda said, also panting. "I didn't think it was possible to orgasm as much as I do, and I thought I had a good sex life before. I don't even mind fucking Master, as there's always a woman around to help me enjoy it." 

"I suspect the illusion you're fucking Master is helping you, Cindy. There's nothing like fucking your first crush," I said. "Master still gets a kick out of fucking Zoe, even though she's bigger around than I am."

"Yeah, you told me you'd tell me later how Scott has got two buns in the oven right now. I don't know if I should feel jealous or not."

"You can't be jealous, Cindy. We're happy to share our Master, but you'll never be the only person, or even the primary person in his life. He belongs to all of us now, and any other slave he's free to use. You must accept you only get a tiny piece of him," I said. "Just as we share him with you, we'll share him with others, including Zoe, Dawn, Lucia, Rose, Slut or anyone else."

"Who are all those people?"

"Zoe, Dawn and Lucia are the three who fucked Master when we were tattooed and pierced," I said. 

"Rose and Slut are slaves to Mistress Dark, who sells our products and trained Julia and I to be better slaves," Lisa said, "and Master to be a better Master."

"So which one is pregnant with Scott's kid?"

"Lucia," Lisa said. She then explained all we knew of Lucia's situation and how we knew her so well.

"Her situation wasn't dissimilar to Shasta's, was it?" Cindy asked.

"No, which is why we felt so much sympathy for her. Another person's life was almost ruined by the actions of a few vicious animals," I said. "As horrible as being raped by Jack was, it was nothing compared to what they both suffered. Since she saved all of us, including my child, we think nothing of Master giving her a child. He would have provided the sperm for her insemination anyway. The fact he fucked her to give it to her was more natural and satisfying for all parties."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 6|
--------------------------------------------
"After I've been fucked in the ass," Rhonda said, "I enjoy a turn in the hot tub. Would you like to join me Cindy?"

"Yes, please. Sounds refreshing."

"Of course, I often enjoy other things as well. I hope you find those refreshing."

Cindy laughed. "I could be persuaded."

They disappeared. "I see you've managed to corrupt my sister, Julia," Master said.

"I believe your sister was corrupted before I ever met her and you were the source of her corruption. She's been in love with you since she was a teenager. You might be the reason she can't settle down with someone."

"Me?" Master protested.

"It's not just lust she feels for you, Master. I believe she's in love with you. It's the reason she's moved away and avoided us for years. She can't deny her feelings for you, so avoids them by staying away. I felt sorry she couldn't just love you as we do, so arranged for this. It isn't fully what she wants, but perhaps it can lesson the pain she feels being without you."

"I'm sorry. I didn't know."

"I know you didn't, Master. It's okay. We'll take care of you both."

I bent over and took his cock in my mouth. I felt Lisa slip between my legs and caress my slick folds with her tongue. I was cumming in no time. I didn't release his cock until his warm cum spurted down my throat. Later, Cindy slipped into the bed beside us. Four fit easily on our bed.

******

Master had to work for half a day today. Lisa sucked him off and shared his cum with Cindy. Poor boy was nearly as hard when Lisa finished. 

"You need to shave your cunt, Cindy," I said.

"Why?

"If we're to make Master think he's licking your cunt instead of one of ours, you need to be shaved. None of us have pubic hair."

"I like my pubic hair." 

"It will grow back, Cindy, but if we're going to play these games where you get to pretend you're fucking your brother, and he's fucking you, he needs to imagine he's licking your cunt when he's licking someone else's. It's harder to imagine if you know the pussy has pubic hair."

I kissed her. "Lisa will show you how to do it. We both need to shave ours every couple days."

Lisa and Cindy disappeared into the bathroom and forty minutes later came out with Cindy sporting a bald cunt. 

"You have a gorgeous pussy, Cindy. If I weren't married to your brother, I'd gladly go pussy spelunking like the other two women."

"Why won't you?"

"It seems too familial, even if it's not illegal. Kind of like fucking my own sister if I had one."

"But you're letting me fuck everyone else." 

"Letting them is not quite right. They don't have the same relationship to you as I have. It was Lisa's choice to have sex with you. She's closer to Master than Rhonda and it might have bothered her more. Would you like to go out to the hot tub after lunch?"

"Yes, please."

******

SCOTT

Lisa sucked my cock first thing in the morning, sharing my cum with Cindy. I left the house as hard as I started the day. I only had to work half the day, sending everyone home at one for the holidays. When I got home, Julia, Lisa and Cindy were in the hot tub. I kissed each of them. 

"Stand up, Cindy. Show Master your cunt," Julia said.

She stood up and I saw her pussy was now as bare as everyone else's. Her pussy lips appeared blood engorged and puffy, as if she was aroused to even be standing there in front of me. 

"Get in the hot tub, Master," Julia said.

I was hard even before I climbed in the tub.

"I've got this one," Lisa said.

She sat between Cindy and I. "Master, I want you to put my fingers in my cunt and I'll put mine in Cindy's and I'll stroke your cock."

I turned a little so I could use my right hand, which was my dominant hand, my spanking hand. Lisa slipped two fingers of her left hand down to Cindy's crotch and grasped my cock with her right. 

"Close your eyes, drift off and let me take care of you," Lisa said. 

I did close my eyes and enjoyed the sensation of her hand stroking my erection. I heard Cindy moaning as Lisa played with her pussy. My fingers were buried in Lisa's and she kept thrusting her hips against my hand. I reached across Lisa's body, found Cindy's arm; slid my hand down her arm until I found her hand. She squeezed it. I felt my the cream in my balls stirring; Lisa's steady stroking of my stiff staff doing the job. Cindy orgasmed, moaning deeper, squeezing my hand harder as she spasmed. Lisa also shivered through an orgasm, my thumb fingering her clit as I thrust inside her. I groaned and my cock head expanded and bursts of cum pulsed out the top, floating away in the bubbling water. 

******

JULIA

It was a rather quiet afternoon, with Master and his sister becoming reacquainted after so many years. Rhonda got up at five, dressed, and went to her familiy's to exchange gifts and perhaps argue about her love of women once more. Some people have difficulty accepting people for what they are. Master fed me my supper, giving me an orgasm after. 

"You're almost too big to sit on my lap anymore," Master teased me. He put a hand on my belly. "Junior's kicking quite briskly."

"He seems to enjoy my orgasms, Master."

"Are you going to name your son Junior?" Cindy asked.

"We've kicked some different names around," I said. "Scott Junior is not the most popular at the moment. We've also considered Daniel after your father. Taylor, John, Ransom, Fredrick, but I think we're leaning most to Luke, the masculine, anglicized version of Lucia, who saved our lives."

"We need to get up early to start the bird and ham cooking," Lisa said. "We should think about sleeping, or at least playing if we plan to do it again."

"What shall we do tonight, since Rhonda's gone?" Cindy asked. "I really enjoyed the things you've come up with."

"We've already done the pretend thing," Master said. "It's enjoyable, but I'm not in the mood for pretending tonight. I want some reality."

"You want to really fuck me?" Cindy asked.

"No. I can't. We can't. I know that, but instead of pretending; just have sex with Lisa and I can enjoy watching you have sex with her instead of trying to imagine I'm somehow fucking you. I'll have sex with Julia, and you can just watch and enjoy it the experience. I can get almost as much joy and satisfaction out of watching you have pleasure as having it myself."

Cindy thought about it for a minute. "Cum on me."

"What?" Master said.

"Cum on me. We can't fuck. Fine. But there's no rule that says you can't squirt your goo on me. Let them suck you or stroke you or even fuck you, but when it's time for you to cum; cum on me. Shoot your cum all over me and let me spread it all over my skin, then Lisa can lick it off or I'll take a shower or something."

Lisa and I looked at one another. A cum shower could be fun. Maybe a facial. Suddenly I had an even better idea. An idea with a twist. 

"I'm going to suggest for your enjoyment, a one time special since it's Christmas Eve, that Lisa and I suck Master's cock. When he's ready to cum, you put your mouth right in front of him, and he orgasms straight into your mouth. You've already had his cum shared from one of us. Get it straight from the source. Let him cum in your mouth. No, check that. You ride Lisa's face so you can get some pleasure out of it. I'll suck his cock until he's ready to cum and then aim it into your mouth."

"I'll do it," Cindy said. "Sounds like fun."

"Master?" I asked. 

"I'm game."

"Lisa, do I need to ask you if you want to lick Cindy's beautiful, bald pussy?"

"No you don't."

"We've got a plan then. Master, I'll need ten or fifteen seconds warning so I can get out of the way and your cock aimed in the right direction. Cindy, you ride Lisa's face. I'll get Master primed, he'll give me a warning, I'll move and you just lean forward until you're almost touching his cock. You'll feel his hot jizz squirting directly into your mouth."

Lisa lay on the bed and I knelt right behind her head. Master stood up on the bed and gripped the upper rails to hold himself steady. Cindy squatted over Lisa's face. She put her hands on my hips to hold herself steady. Lisa must have started licking immediately as she moaned right away. Master's cock was already hard with the thought he'd be shooting his cum into his sister's mouth. I just had to get him there. My mouth descended over his cock and Master groaned as I swallowed all of him. Sucking him was as natural as breathing any more. It took almost no effort, nor even concentration to do so without anything to distract me.

Cindy was cumming often on Lisa's tongue. Every time she did, she'd grip my hips harder and rock enough to slightly bump my back with her stiff nipples. Several minutes later, Master was getting close to his orgasm. I could see and feel the signs even without him telling me. 

I wasn't surprised when he said, "It won't be long now." 

I leaned to my left while continuing to pump his prick with my left hand. Cindy leaned forward to catch the cum which would suddenly shoot from his cock. She wasn't as close as I wished her to be, so with my right, I pushed her head forward until the head of his cock was almost in her waiting mouth. I felt his shaft swelling, the inevitable beginning of his climax. The first spurt of creamy seed shot out and I pushed her head until his cock was three inches deep in her mouth. 

"Don't lose a single drop of his precious cum, Cindy," I whispered in her ear.

He couldn't stop. Nor could she. Almost automatically, her lips wrapped around the shaft invading her mouth. She started swallowing, trying to keep up with the flow of cum, gurgling and moaning as she had another climax herself. She sucked the tip of his cock like she was drinking the sweetest nectar on earth. It was to me. Master's cock throbbed for a minute, emptying his balls. Cindy didn't lose a drop.

"Be a good girl, Cindy. Clean him off," I whispered. 

Her mouth bobbed up and down a few times, retrieving anything she might have missed off his shaft. Master was looking at me, half in horror, half in ecstasy, as his shrinking cock was finally released from his sister's suction. Lisa's face was still buried under Cindy's groin.

"Was it good? What did I miss?" She asked, struggling to wriggle out from under.

"It was perfect," I said. "You didn't miss a thing."

"Did she get it all?" Lisa asked sitting up.

"As far as I can tell, Cindy didn't miss a drop."

I set my alarm to get up at 3:30, turned off the lights, and curled up in Master's arms with my back tucked against his front. Lisa snuggled in front of me. Cindy slipped into the bed on the other side, silent.

"Merry Christmas, Master," I said. "Merry Christmas, Cindy." I paused to let them know it was my gift to them. I kissed Lisa, in front of me. "Merry Christmas, Lisa."

I pulled Master's arm around me and put his hand on my breast, feeling warm and secure.

"Merry Christmas, slave," Master said, squeezing my breast. "Merry Christmas, everyone."

I slipped into a restful slumber, surprisingly, without guilt.

******

SCOTT

Everything was going the way it was supposed to go. I was rock hard, aroused as hell. Julia was giving me her usual efficient and expert blow job. It was going to be one hell of an orgasm. I was going to blow a monster load right into Cindy's mouth. I signaled it was time and Julia moved out of the way. Cindy leaned forward. She was right there, ready to capture the fountain of cum I was about to give her. Julia kept stroking my cock, making sure I would pop in a timely fashion. I felt the rush of cum up my shaft and groaned, that first spurt exquisite and suddenly, Cindy's mouth was wrapped around my dick, sucking and swallowing. I didn't think my balls would ever empty. I kept pumping away and Cindy kept sucking it down. Christ! What the fuck had just happened?

Julia whispered to Cindy and she gave me three or four more sucking strokes, then pulled off me. Lisa was struggling to get out from underneath Cindy. I knew she was speaking, but all I could hear was the rush of blood in my ears like a huge wind. Lisa sat up.

"Did she get it all?" Lisa asked.

Julia answered, "As far as I can tell, Cindy didn't miss a drop."

No, she'd vacuumed the cum right out of my sack.

Cindy looked just as stunned as I was. Julia quickly set an alarm on her phone and turned out the light. Everyone climbed into bed. Julia pushed her back against me snuggling against me. 

"Merry Christmas, Master. Merry Christmas, Cindy." Had she just let Cindy end my blow job as a gift? She'd had her hand on the back of Cindy's head. Did she push it onto my cock? She had to know what happened. She was watching us, but Julia didn't say a word about it. I heard her kissing Lisa, right in front of her. "Merry Christmas, Lisa."

She pulled my arm around her, putting my hand on her swollen breast. Didn't she care what just happened? Didn't she know? Of course she knew. She must have made it happen, hearing me complain about imitation pretend sex. A gift no one else would know about. 

"Merry Christmas, slave," I whispered. I couldn't ask what happened; not now anyway. I squeezed her breast, wishing I could speak. What did Cindy think? Was she horrified? Disgusted? Maybe I could let her know it was okay. 

"Merry Christmas, everyone," I said.

Julia was soon breathing softly in slumber. It took me a lot longer to fall asleep.

******

At 3:30, the alarm went off and all three women got out of bed. There was the clattering of pans in the kitchen as food got put in the oven. I couldn't fall asleep again, but lay there thinking. They came back to bed for another hour or so, the early stuff done. I must have slept again, because I woke up with the next alarm at six. Cindy and Lisa took a shower, then Julia and I did. Julia didn't talk about last night at all. I didn't know if I should speak of it, or keep my mouth shut. Maybe no one else but Cindy and I knew what happened. Julia certainly wasn't saying a word and surely she would have if she believed I'd committed incest. 

"Feed me, Master. I'm starving," Julia said, leading me into the kitchen. "Junior is hungry again."

Cindy and Lisa had started breakfast while we were showering; scrambled eggs and bacon. 

"Lisa didn't get to cum last night, Master. Feed her this morning," Julia said. 

She took a seat beside me. When Lisa and Cindy brought the food to the table, Cindy and I exchanged significant glances. More than a few times, I guessed. I pulled Lisa into my lap and fed her, fingering her to two orgasms when she was fed.

"Thank you, Master," Lisa said, kissing me when she got up with a beautiful smile on her face. "I needed that."

Julia went into wife and hostess mode after. "Our guests should be arriving around one for dinner. Everyone should be dressed by 12:30 in case anyone comes early. I'll concentrate on the food today, because I can sit down to peel the potatoes and do a lot of the other cooking shit. Lisa, why don't you vacuum. Just the first floor. I don't want to disturb Rhonda any more than we need to. Cindy and Master; the patio needs tidying up. We don't have enough room at the dining room table for everyone, and some of our guests may wish to sit outside if the weather holds and remains pleasant. We should drain the spa, wash it, and replace the water. It's seen a lot of hard use the last couple days. If we don't have enough time to do that before one o'clock, hit it with some chlorine and replace the filter."

I looked at Cindy again. Maybe we'd have a chance to talk. Or maybe we shouldn't speak of it at all.

"One more thing. Follow me into the bedroom, both of you."

Shit! She did see us and she was going to ream us a new asshole or worse. 

As she led us to the bedroom she was saying, "I want clean sheets on the bed, we've been fucking like crazy and we should change the sheets and make the bed so it doesn't smell like a whorehouse in here."

We went through the door and she shut it behind us.

"Get over it," Julia hissed. "It's my fault, I made it happen, okay. My little Christmas present to you both. It will never happen again. Nobody else knows it happened and nobody ever will. But if you keep acting like something happened, eventually, somebody will figure out something did. I did all the heavy lifting. Her mouth was on your cock for maybe a minute or so. It's no big fucking deal. You didn't fuck. Cindy was going to eat your cum anyway, just like she has a couple times already. I figured what's the fucking harm if she got a little dick with it. Now talk it out if you have to, but when you come out of this room, your game faces are on and this is done and behind you. No more significant looks, no worried faces." She looked at both of us. "Is that understood?" 

We shook our heads. 

"Good." She opened the door and called out loudly, "I want military corners on the sheets. Make it tight. Put the bolster pillows on the bed."

She closed the door again behind her.

"Thank God. I thought it was my fault," Cindy said, "maybe I lunged too far forward or something, though I thought she was pushing my head over your cock. When it happened, everything else left my head. I couldn't think, I could only react. I was blaming myself for everything."

"Are you okay? You're not going to freak out or anything, are you?"

She thought a moment. "I think I'm okay with it if you are. I was worried you would be angry with me it happened, that you'd hate me. You don't hate me do you?"

"I don't hate you."

"Are we going to get past this?" Cindy asked.

"Actually, that was a pretty interesting and exciting Christmas present. I was stunned, but it was great. I climaxed so hard and had so much cum, I thought I'd drown you."

"Oh, God, me too. Lisa was making me cum anyway, but the second I felt your cock in my mouth, it became exponentially better. I'm sure I drenched her face."

"So we're good right? No recriminations, no guilt, no regrets. It happened and it's over and done with?"

"Yeah. I think I'm good. In fact, I think I'm really good. I wish Julia would have sex with me."

"Why?" I asked.

"Because I want to fuck hell out of her for her Christmas present."

I laughed then I hugged her, pulling her naked body against mine, giving her more than a brotherly kiss. I released her and started to leave the bedroom before I started to get an erection.

"Scott," Cindy said.

"What?" 

"We really do need to change the sheets. It does smell like a whorehouse in here."

I laughed and returned to strip the bed. 

******

At 12:30, Cindy was sent upstairs to wake Rhonda up. The house and patio were neat and tidy. We all had clothes on. I was carving the meats, Rhonda was mashing the potatoes. Cindy was making salad. The green bean casserole was being kept warm in the oven. My parents were the first to arrive, bearing a bag of presents and two pumpkin pies. She hugged me.

"Mary's bringing apple pies," Mom said. "We decided to divide and conquer. Marge is bringing the snack mix and a few bottles of wine. Cindy, Merry Christmas dear."

"Merry Christmas, Mom. Daddy, Merry Christmas. How are you?"

"Same as I was a couple days ago. Show me where to put the presents."

"Under the tree, Dad. It will be interesting to see how many presents fit under there."

The Pinters and Lloyds showed up soon after. Shasta and her family weren't far behind. 

"Momma made some sweet potato pie," Shasta said. "I hope you all like it."

"I'm sure we will. Please come in and make yourselves at home. Cedric how are you? Bernice, it's good to see you again."

Cedric ran over to the tree. "Momma! Look at all the presents."

"I know, baby. Don't touch them. They're not all yours. Come here and meet everyone else."

He came back and stood behind her leg as we introduced them to everyone. 

"This is my mom and dad, Dan and Sandy," I said. "And this is my sister, Cindy. The last time you were here, my wife was gone on a visit to Los Angeles. This is my wife, Julia. This is her mom and dad, Harold and Mary. You can just call him Harry. This is my very good friend, Lisa. She lives here with us, and this is her parents, Reggie and Marge. This is our other very good friend, Rhonda who also lives with us. Everyone, this is Shasta, Julia and Lisa's most valued employee and friend, her mother, Bernice, and son, Cedric. Dinner is ready. Why don't you dish up and eat before everything gets cold. We'll open gifts afterward."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 7|
--------------------------------------------
I was happy to see Shasta and her family readily embraced by everyone. The meal was great and everyone stuffed themselves. The sweet potato pie was a big success.

******

JULIA

Whatever they'd said to each other in the bedroom, apparently settled them. Master and Cindy no longer looked like they were stepping on a hot plate barefooted. The house got clean, the food got cooked, and everything was ready when people started showing up. All the parents rubbed my belly like it was good luck when they came in. The meal went well, everyone eating until they couldn't eat another bite, except Cedric. He was more interested in the presents. I was so excited; maybe as excited as he was. I was hoping to really surprise Shasta with her gift and hoped Cedric would love his. 

There were lots of hands in the kitchen to clean up after. Master made egg nog in a punch bowl and set it out to drink as we opened presents. The first present Cedric opened was a baseball glove and soft rubber ball Cindy gave him. He immediately wanted to play catch with someone. Dan said he'd play catch, but they'd have to wait until everyone opened their presents.

"I think you have more under the tree, young man. I wouldn't run away just yet." 

Cedric could hardly hold still, but managed to sit in his mother's lap, happy there might be more. He got a game from Scott's parents, an easy jigsaw puzzle of Toy Story characters from mine and a coloring book with colored pencils from Lisa's. 

Bernice opened her gifts, the blouse and earrings. She was surprised to be getting a gift as well, but thanked me profoundly for them.

Finally, Cedric opened his iPad. "Momma look, an iPad." Apparently, they had some at his pre-school or his friends had one, because he immediately started using it like a pro.

"That costs too much. You shouldn't buy him such expensive gifts. He won't be happy with lesser things anymore."

"I don't believe that's true, but it's done now. I checked and they have Chutes and Ladders in the App Store; several of them, really, although some are called Snakes and Ladders, but it's the same game. Scott will put wifi in your house next weekend, so he can watch shows and download books. This is for you."

I handed her the envelope with three checks in it. The one from Brianna's people, the one from us, and one from Cindy for $500. Inside was the list provided by Sam listing the names and amounts from all of them. 

"What's this for?" She asked. "I don't even know these people."

"You know some of them, Shasta," I said. "There's Lucia, Dawn and Zoe's names right there." I pointed to the list. "The rest of them know about you. People who know Lucia know how difficult a time you had. We want you to be able to get the surgery to get your scars taken care of. You needn't go through life like this anymore. You're beautiful on the inside and we want you beautiful on the outside as well." 

Bernice was crying. Crying for her daughter, and what she went through. A lot of other people were having trouble with dry eyes as well. 

Dan reached over and handed her another envelope. "We wanted to help as well. As parents, we know what Lisa and Julia went through and what you had to go through was much worse. Please, accept it with our sympathies."

"Momma, why is everyone crying. Aren't we happy?" Cedric asked.

"We're very happy, baby. Sometimes being happy makes you cry too."

"Okay." He started to cry as well, not understanding, but knowing everyone was happy.

It was becoming a regular sob fest when there was a knock on the door. Master got up to answer it. There was a man standing there in some type of uniform, looking like a bell hop or something.

"Excuse me, but could you provide me with the directions to the Shasta Williams residence?"

"I could," Master replied, "but there's a Shasta Williams here if you're looking for one."

"Wonderful. That makes everything much easier. I'll be right back, sir." 

He set off down the walk. I got to my feet and went to the door. "Look at the size of the limousine out there," I said, "who the hell is that?" 

He opened to door and spoke to the people inside and an elegant looking man, and an impeccably dressed woman got out. The driver went into the trunk and struggled to carry a huge package back. The rich guy started to help him carry it. They got to the door and stood just outside. 

"Pardon us for interrupting your holiday festivities," the gentleman said. "Can we be permitted to enter?"

"Come in," Master said, holding the door open.

They brought in the large Christmas wrapped box. "Allow me to introduce myself. I'm William Thornhill and this is my wife, Evelyn. This other fellow is Robert. He's driving us around Fresno today. I'm looking for a Master Cedric Williams, please."

Everyone here had heard of William Thornhill; his name as familiar as Bill Gates, Elon Musk or Steve Jobs. The dress his wife had on could easily have cost a couple thousand dollars, but she seemed to have a collar around her neck. It might have been a necklace, but it appeared more like a collar to me and I should know.

"I'm Cedric," Cedric said, burying himself deeper in his mother's lap, wondering why strangers were looking for him. 

"Excellent! Master Cedric, a horrible mistake was made and Santa mistakenly delivered this package to my house, when it should have gone to yours. It has your name on it right here." He pointed to the tag. "Master Cedric Williams, it says right here and we've been driving all over town looking for you. Would you like to open this present?"

Cedric looked up at his mother. "Momma, may I?"

Shasta stood up. "Why are you giving presents to my son, Mr. Thornhill."

"Santa made the delivery to the wrong address. Entirely wrong state, actually. I live in New York. I'm sure he heard your son was very good this year and wished to give him the largest present he could find. I'd be grateful if you'd let him accept, Miss Williams. My own child is a girl and she wouldn't enjoy it nearly as much as Cedric will, plus she's a little young for it." He smiled at her.

God he was handsome for an older man.

Evelyn smiled as well, serene, beautiful. "It's quite all right, Miss Williams. There's no ulterior motive involved."

"Go ahead, Cedric. Open it up," Shasta said.

Cedric rushed to the package and paper went flying everywhere. Inside was a toy firetruck Cedric could ride in. Operated electronically with just about any bell or whistle you could imagine. It had to cost a couple thousand dollars. Cedric was ecstatic.

"We can't accept it, Mr. Thornhill. It's too expensive."

"Momma," Cedric protested.

"Expensive to you, Mrs. Williams. A pittance to me, like buying a box of Cracker Jacks with the toy inside. I make enough money every day to buy this house and everything in it. Money that often goes to waste on things I don't even want or need. Putting a smile on your son's face was worth every penny to me. It's only money and I have tons of it. Let him have it."

"If I let him have a gift like this, he'll expect something this special all the time. I can't afford it."

"He seems like an intelligent young man to me. I'm sure he can understand that gifts like this don't fall off trees. You've raised a very smart and polite boy. I doubt your training will fail him if he doesn't get something so marvelous every year."

"Shasta," Bernice said. "I think Mr. Thornhill is right. Cedric is a good boy, raised right. I doubt he'll become a greedy pig for this one gift."

Mr. Thornhill laughed. "You must be Bernice; Cedric's grandmother. I have something for you too." He took a small package out of his pocket and handed it to her.

"At least it's not a big firetruck," she said, shaking it.

He laughed again. "No it's not. Open it."

Bernice opened the package. It was a jewelry box. Inside was a diamond necklace. It had to be a full carat at least.

"Is this a diamond?" She asked, unable to grasp why she'd be getting a diamond necklace from a total stranger.

"Yes it is. May I put it on."

"I can't accept this, Mr. Thornhill. You should be buying jewelry like this for your wife."

"Now I see where Shasta learned her reticence in accepting expensive gifts, Mrs. Williams. It's only money and I have tons of it."

Evelyn touched the collar on her neck. "I have all the necklaces I need or require, Bernice. This one is yours."

"May I?" He said, holding out his hand. She handed him the necklace and he put it on. "Lovely, Bernice. You're a jewel yourself if I may say so." He kissed her hand.

She smiled up at him. "You're a slick talking devil, aren't you Mr. Thornhill?"

"I've been called worse, believe me."

"As to you, Miss Shasta Williams, I have something for you, too." He reached into another pocket.

"Not another diamond necklace?"

He laughed again. He was as merry as Santa Claus himself.

"No, no. You outshine all the stars in the sky, Miss Williams. A diamond would be wasted on you."

He took out what appeared to be a business card with a bow attached to it. "Please accept this instead."

Shasta looked at it. I looked over her shoulder. It was a business card, someone I'd never heard of, with a New York phone number and address. 

"What is it?" Shasta asked.

"It's the card of my business manager. When you're ready to have your surgery, you give the finance people this card and tell them I will be taking care of all your medical bills, every cent. They are not to bother you for money at all."

Shasta said, "I've already received money for my surgery from all of these nice folks."

"Yes, I heard people had been generous in helping you out. What I suggest to you is that you set that money aside, for emergencies perhaps, or a trust fund for Cedric's education. Intelligent young man need as much education as they can get."

"Why, Mr. Thornhill? Why you helping me?"

"Because you deserve it, Miss Williams. I donate millions to various and sundry groups and charities. I never see where the money goes, or who the money helps out. I can see the good my dollars do with you. The very fact you don't wish to accept my help is the very reason I want to give it. Do you know how many people will take every cent I give them and then try to beg, borrow or steal some more. Not you. That's too expensive, Mr. Thornhill. I can't accept it, Mr. Thornhill. I've already had people donate for my surgery, Mr. Thornhill. You're not trying to take all you can get from me. It's very refreshing, Miss Williams, believe me."

Shasta hugged him, then his wife. "Thank you so much, sir. I can't express how grateful I am." 

Bernice did the same.

"Mr. Scott Rivers, I presume," William said, addressing my Master.

"I don't need any help, Mr. Thornhill. I'm doing fine on my own."

"I know you are. I've had you checked out, the quality of the homes you build. Very fine homes, I'm told. I need a couple houses built. I want you to build them." 

"Here, in Fresno?"

"One in Fresno, around 1800-2000 square feet. I'm thinking four bedrooms, three baths. The other one will be in Los Angeles, fifteen to twenty thousand square feet. Lots of extras." He handed Master another business card. "Contact my Business Manager. He can give you all the details of what I'm looking for."

"I can handle the one in Fresno. That's no problem, but I don't have a business license in Los Angeles, and the cost of hauling men to and from LA would be astronomical. Can't help you with that one."

"My business manager is already working on getting you licensed in LA. Depends on where I decide to build. I'm thinking close to Brianna Worth as I have business and personal interests with her, but that could change. I'll let you know when I find the right property. As for your workers, we'll house them down there for the duration. When I want the best, Scott, I'm willing to pay for it."

"Mr. Thornhill, I don't believe I can give you good value for your money building a home in Los Angeles with people you're putting up. It's a waste of your money."

"See that, Evelyn. Another person who's not looking to soak me for every dime. Fresno must grow them on trees."

"Yes, sir. Very refreshing, sir."

Interesting. Wearing a collar and addressing him as sir.

"Scott, I understand you may not be able to give good value in your estimation, but when I see someone I want to do business with, I'm willing to pay more for the quality I expect. Think it over. If you're sure you can't do it, I understand, but I really hope you take the job."

"Julia, Lisa and Rhonda," Mr. Thornhill said, "you're next."

"Yes, Master," I responded. "How can we help you." Evelyn smiled. She knew. William laughed.

"I was very impressed with how you wanted to help your employee. It shows a generosity of spirit and kindness not often found in this cold cruel world. And I heard the apple didn't fall far from the tree. I'd like to thank each and everyone of you for helping this young woman."

"Thank you, Master," I responded.

"I hear you build bed frames."

"Yes, sir. We do."

"I'd like to order two, Alaskan King. Like the extra space and my bedroom's big enough."

"Two, Master?" Lisa asked.

"One for my New York home; one for the new home I'm having built in Los Angeles. We have some time on the second. There will be a bonus for getting the one for New York quickly. I understand there's about a five week waiting list now?"

"Yes, sir," I replied.

"A thousand dollars for each week you can get it done under five."

"That would be unfair to our other customers, Master."

William laughed again. "Someone else who doesn't want my money, Evelyn. Maybe we should move to Fresno instead?"

"Perhaps so, sir."

"Here's the deal, then. You don't work on my bed during normal working hours. Let your other customers get those beds. Only work on mine after normal closing time and on weekends A fifty percent surcharge for working the overtime. Same bonus for getting it done early."

"Might I ask, Master, why you need the bed so quickly? You must have a bed now," I asked. 

"My wife, Evelyn, was a really bad girl once upon a time. To remind her of her past sins, I like to jog her memory every morning, so she doesn't forget and resort to her past bad habits. I understand your bed frame is perfect for the task. Isn't that right, Evelyn?"

"Yes, sir. I'm quite grateful for your correction, sir."

"Since I recognize your need, Master, I would be ashamed to take more money for what is so clearly a priority. For what you've done for Shasta and her family today, I will happily provide a bed frame as quickly as we're able at no extra charge."

"She's right, Mr. Thornhill. I gladly work every day for free to make your bed for you," Shasta said. 

"Evelyn, we have been blessed to meet these folks here today. I'm so happy we've made their acquaintance, aren't you?"

"Yes, sir. Very much so," Evelyn replied.

"Have you actually seen one of our bed frames in person, Master Thornhill?"

"No, I haven't," he replied, "though I've heard it described by Miss Worth."

"I understand from one her staff, she might not be aware of all of the bed's features. May I show you and Evelyn ours so you can witness them for yourself, sir."

"Do you mind, Scott," Mr. Thornhill asked.

"Not at all, William. Julia is very aware of all of the beds many features."

"My husband designed the bed, Master Thornhill." 

I led them both to the bedroom and closed the door. 

"The features are best modeled by a naked slave, Master."

William snapped his fingers and Evelyn's clothes were off in a heartbeat. As expected, there wasn't anything beneath the dress. I proceeded to show him everything to bed could do. By the time we were finished Evelyn's pussy was glistening, she was so excited. Mr. Thornhill appeared to have a sizable bulge in his trousers as well.

"It appears we'll have to close the privacy window in the limo, won't we, Evelyn?"

"As you wish, sir. Will I be allowed to cum, sir."

"Perhaps," he said, "we'll see."

"Yes, sir."

"Who am I fooling. I won't be able to stop you from cumming, will I, Evelyn."

"No sir. You very seldom do."

"Put your clothes on so we don't shock these nice people."

"I think only Bernice and Cedric would be shocked. Perhaps your driver, too," I said

"He's shocked by very little anymore, is he, Evelyn?"

"Very little, sir."

"I very much wish to give you a hug, sir, for your kindness, but I'll wait until we're with the others so Master is assured I've behaved properly."

William laughed again. "Quite right. Thanks for the demo. I look forward to receiving mine. By the way, the Fresno house is for Miss Williams and her family. I didn't want to throw it all at her at once. Might have spurred a heart attack."

"Perhaps I can convince my Master to allow me to give you a blow job, sir. That's very generous."

"Is that likely?"

"No, sir."

"Then don't ask him. That's not the reason I helped out anyway."

"He's far more likely to allow me to lick your wife, which I'd happily do."

"Not necessary. She's about to get a proper fucking anyway. I'm bursting at the seams."

"Thank you, sir," Evelyn said.

Since Evelyn was dressed, I opened the door and we rejoined the others.

"Thank you, Master Thornhill," I said. "We've enjoyed your visit and I can't thank you enough for what you've done for Shasta and her family." I gave him a big hug, then one for Evelyn. I whispered to her, "You've got a lovely cunt, slave."

Lisa, Rhonda, Cindy, Shasta and Bernice all hugged him too. Everyone else shook his hand.

"Merry Christmas, everyone," William Thornhill said, "a genuine pleasure to meet all of you." 

They left. 

"How the hell do you know William Thornhill?" Dan asked.

"We don't. Never met him before in our lives," Master replied. "We're pretty sure he heard about us from Brianna Worth. She's our friend in Los Angeles."

"He's a very nice man," Shasta said. "A real gentleman. Never heard before rich folks was so nice."

"You were in the bedroom quite a long time," Cindy said. "What happened?"

"Are you jealous?" I teased.

"Maybe a little," she replied.

"He made Evelyn strip naked and I demonstrated every single function of the bed to him. By the time we were done, she was ready to get fucked."

"In our bedroom?" Master asked. 

"No, but I think his limo will see a lot of action," I laughed.

Rhonda said, "I'd fuck his wife."

"So would I and she is a slave."

Rhonda laughed and went upstairs to sleep more before she had to get ready for work.

By this time, everyone was starting to get hungry again, so we put out meat and rolls and more plates for pies and snack mix. We all ate, laughed and talked. I have never seen Shasta so happy in my life.

Everyone went home around eight. The four of us were naked as soon as we locked the doors behind them, going to the bedroom. The last suspension point I'd demonstrated was still out.

Cindy said, "You need to demonstrate this for me before I go."

"On you," I asked, "or on someone else?"

"Let me think about it."

"Be careful, Cindy," Lisa said. "If you don't watch out, Julia might turn you into a slave."

We got into bed.

"Master, before we engage in general tom foolery and fuckery again, I need to tell you I offered to suck William Thornhill's cock."

Master didn't appear to be overly shocked or outraged by my admission.

"Why did you offer?"

"The house you're building in Fresno is for Shasta and her family. It seemed appropriate after I learned of it. He didn't want to announce it on top of his offer of surgery as felt it might be too much for her to accept at once. I'm sure his business manager will have details."

"Shit!" Cindy said. "I'd have offered to suck his cock too. What a sweetheart."

Master laughed. "Did he accept your offer?"
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 8|
--------------------------------------------
"I told him I'd need your permission first. He asked if I was likely to get it, and I said no, so he told me not to bother. He was about to fuck hell out of Evelyn anyway."

"You should have asked. I might have surprised you."

"Master?" I said, shocked. "Are you serious."

"Maybe. Merry Christmas," he said, and I knew what he was referring to.

I laughed. "Well, if he's building a home in Los Angeles, I might still get my chance."

"She's got you there, Scott," Cindy laughed. "You might have wanted to keep your mouth shut on that one."

I gave Cindy a quick kiss, then took out three short thick candy canes, and a smaller one for us to lick. 

"Since it's Christmas," I said, "we're going to have candy canes. More specifically, we three women are going to insert these candy canes in our cunts, and Master is going to eat candy canes. Cindy, I'm afraid he won't be able to lick yours down to the end, but I'm sure you'll enjoy it anyway."

"Julia," she said, "you are so sick and twisted. I love it."

"So do I," Lisa said, lying back on the bed, spreading her legs and carefully inserting the candy.

Master started with her first. Lisa had several orgasms before Master sucked the last piece out of her pussy and chewed it. Cindy was ready next, the candy sticking out of her cunt. Master was so hard. I handed the smaller candy to Lisa. 

"I understand a little peppermint on the tongue is very stimulating to the cock. Why don't you suck on this a little, then suck Master's cock. He looks very hard and needs relief." 

"The peppermint felt good on pussy," Lisa agreed. "I'll do it."

Lisa crawled under Master's legs, sucking her candy stick while Master was sucking on Cindy's. When Master was getting to the end of Cindy's candy, I told Lisa to suck him. With her head buried in Master's crotch, sucking the cum from his balls, she couldn't see the last of Cindy's short candy stick disappear and his tongue licking her bald cunt. Cindy spasmed immediately, and a few more times after, cumming at a rapid pace.

I held her hand and whispered, "It's okay. Lean back and enjoy it." 

Her back was arched as she held her brother's blonde head to her pussy, enjoying every second.

When Master unleashed a flood of cum into Lisa's mouth, she could only imagine it was her peppermint coated tongue which made him release in such volume. As he emptied himself, I pulled his face from her cunt and kissed him, so Lisa wouldn't see him with his tongue buried in Cindy's cunt. Cindy stroked my hair as I kissed Master. 

Lisa crawled out from under, saying, "Candy flavored cum is so delicious."

"It's my turn to find out," I said, sticking a candy cane into my own.

As Master licked my candy, Lisa was kissing me and Cindy was running her hands through his hair. I climaxed early and often. When my candy was nearly gone, I removed the last bit from cunt, and started sucking it.

"I want to taste candy flavored cum too," quickly sucking and chewing it down and taking Master's cock in my mouth, sucking him to hardness. 

When his cock was hard, I asked Cindy, "You want some of his cum?"

"Yes, please."

When he emptied himself in my mouth, I kissed her, sharing it with her.

Done, Cindy said, "Thank you, Julia. I enjoyed that very much. It was a very creative use of candy canes."

Lisa agreed. She only knew about the candy cane part. It was better I hid it from my sister slave. I snuggled against my Master. "Merry Christmas, sir."

"Merry Christmas ladies."

"Not ladies, Master; sluts," Lisa said. "All three of us are sluts."

Truer words were never spoken.

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 44|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-44|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<i>Cindy decides to move back to California and has a request. This chapter contains anal, oral, lesbian and interracial sex. It has double and triple penetrations, ass to mouth, incest and taboo sex. STD's do not exist in this fantasy world. I looked up California laws on incest for the purposes of this story and was surprised at what I found. This is a very kinky chapter.</i>

<b>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 44, Cindy's Visit, Pt 1</b>

SCOTT

Julia had cleverly arranged for Cindy and I to spend a brief moment together again, the scene she'd chosen allowing me close to Cindy's cunt. Having Lisa busily engaged in sucking my cock as the candy reached the end and I was licking Cindy's cunt instead. She didn't tell us or fool us into having sex, leaving it up to us to decide instead. Being that close, there was no way I'd deny myself the chance to taste her and Cindy was as eager as I was, holding my head as I licked her. So once she'd been able to suck me, no matter how briefly, and I to lick her. 

I was so turned on I felt I'd drown Lisa in my cum. When I pulsed, Julia kissed me, knowing Lisa would be done soon, tasting my sister on my lips. I felt depraved but was loving it. After I orgasmed, Julia put a cane in her cunt and I licked her to several orgasms, silently thanking her for the brief pleasures she'd allowed us.

I had no illusions as to whether Julia wanted this to go further. I believed she realized the brief tastes of oral sex, might not have the devastating consequences going past this point might. And a few seconds stolen under the nose of Lisa was not the same as what would happen if everyone knew. There were serious issues in doing more than we had. Doing what little we did under her watchful eye was better than doing anything on our own. In a way, she was protecting us from our own carnal lusts.

The second thing to worm its insidious way into my brain was when Julia told me she'd offered to suck Thornhill's cock if I'd permitted it after his incredible generosity towards Shasta and her family. When I learned he was giving them the house he wanted me to build, I was almost ready to suck his cock myself. After Christmas Eve, I was feeling generous with my slave and thought to myself, why not. But when I said it, the danger was over; Thornhill and his wife were gone.

Julia rightly pointed out the danger wasn't really gone. If William Thornhill was building a home in Los Angeles, and close to Brianna, or even maintaining cordial relations with her, the possibility of seeing them again was not infinitesimal. I'd as much as told her I would approve because she allowed Cindy and I a few stolen moments of passion, but was beset with my own doubts and insecurities again, thinking it might happen. I was so fucking two faced. I was married to the most wonderful woman in the world who was doing everything she could to satisfy my every desire, no matter how perverted, but still worried about her sucking some guys cock for a few minutes. I had as much sex as I could handle from three fantastic ladies, and I was concerned they might get one iota of pleasure from any man other than me.

The home he wanted me to build for him was doable if he was working to get me a license in LA. If he was willing to put up my workers while they worked on his house, I could do it, and I might be able to give him pretty good value for his money. I'd need to develop some subcontractors, but Brianna or Sam might be able to help. Sam had some work done to alter his home on Brianna's property. It would be the largest house I'd ever done, but I was capable of doing it, and lucrative as hell if he was handling the extra labor expenses. I'd even be willing to cut my profit since he had been so generous. I'd only worked with one super rich person before and while he, or should I say, his wife, had been bitchy beyond belief, William and Evelyn seemed completely different. The bad part was if I'm building his house, we would have even more contact with him, the handsome silver tongued devil, who now seemed destined to turn my life upside down again if I acknowledged my wife's desire to thank him properly.

I didn't know what to do, or did know and felt like a hypocrite for knowing. Maybe I'd talk to someone else tomorrow.

******

I left for work early so I had time to spare for other business. I called Mistress Dark from work around nine, reaching Rose. I asked for MD and was told she was currently working with a client. I asked to speak to her when she was free. She called an hour later.

"What can I do you for, Scott?"

"I'm wondering if you can give me advice."

"About what?"

"I feel guilty."

"Explain."

"I'm married to the most wonderful woman in the world, who can't do enough for me as my slave, with full access to two others, who are just as spectacular. She gave me two of the greatest Christmas gifts I've ever received, of a sexual nature. She mentioned last night she offered to give a very generous gentleman a blow job for something very nice he did for us and some friends if I would agree. She didn't tell me about it until after they left the house and I was feeling magnanimous and told her she should have asked me and she might have been surprised. Then, I was reminded we might have future contact with the gentlemen and I'm second guessing myself for quasi agreeing to let her. It's not even fucking, and I feel like a shit for wanting to say no despite how special she is to me."

"You are allowed to change your mind, Scott."

"But why? Why can't I be as generous with her as she is with me?"

"Why are some people serial killers and you aren't. She's a slave, you're a dominant. She's Julia, with all that implies, and you're Scott."

"Maybe I'm not a dominant. If I were, couldn't I just say 'Fuck No' and be happy with it. I feel like a hypocrite instead. She can give me more than I can give her. It doesn't feel fair."

"Do you think the relationship I have with Rose and Slut is fair; that I give them everything they give me? I give them a Mistress, which is what they crave. They give me their love, devotion and obedience. It is not an even exchange; it can't be, by its very nature, be equal. Are Lisa and Julia asking for more?"

"No, they tell me the same thing you are when I mention it. They enjoy their slavery and are very happy with it and don't need me to worry about it."

"Yet you worry anyway, despite what they tell you?"

"Worry is the wrong word. I'm not worried they feel mistreated. I'm concerned I'm not good enough for them. They're better than me and better than I can hope to be."

"Because you can't let them fuck other people?"

"Yes. Maybe I'm not secure enough to have confidence they're happy and content and would never leave me if I let them enjoy sex with other people. You let Rose and Slut fuck other people, both men and women, who are your emotional competitors and other strangers and it doesn't seem to bother you."

"You and I are different people Scott, and I use them in my business, so it's different. But I'm not immune to feelings of insecurity and jealousy. Perhaps I hide it better and don't question it as much as you. I felt very insecure when Julia managed to make my slaves her slaves, even if only temporarily and in my absence. I felt jealous of her and betrayed by my slaves. If I'd allowed all my feelings to control me, I might have caned Julia's back and ass bloody. That's how distraught I was. I try to separate my emotions from the equation and act with more discipline and control of myself. Coming from a place of anger, fear, or other negative emotions is not the place from which you should discipline your slave. It should come from love. If you are angry at one of your slaves, don't punish them. I waited to punish mine after Rose told me until I got all the guilty parties together. I had time to gain control over myself. If you don't want them having sex with other men, don't let them."

"How do I get over the guilt?"

"I can't answer that. Why not ask yourself the opposite question? If you fucking other people makes you feel guilty because you don't want them to fuck others, why don't you quit fucking other people? Now you're all in the same boat and you're not withholding from them what you can enjoy yourself. Quit fucking other women and they don't have to fuck other men. Keep it between you three, or four if Rhonda remains in the mix."

That was an answer. Quit fucking Zoe, Dawn, Lucia, Rose, Slut or anybody else who might occasionally get thrown in the mix like Alice or Cindy. Make it a tight knit little group of four, and quit adding other people. I used to be happy with one. Two more was gravy. Or I could just get over myself. Did I have the slightest evidence or even a hint they were unhappy with me and had any desire to leave me for anyone else. Would that ever change even if I allowed them to fuck someone else? Because Julia would be willing to suck Thornhill's cock, was she determined and ready to jump ship and find someone else? How much did she have to prove to show me she was mine? She demonstrated to me over and over how devoted she was to me.

"You still there, Scott?"

"Yeah, just thinking about what you said."

"Thinking how hard it would be to give up the extra quim? Guilt playing games with your desire?"

"You know me so well."

"Actually, not as well as you think. Men in general, I have a pretty good grasp of. Most men wouldn't ever feel guilty for fucking as many people as their wife or slave would let them. A lot will fuck others despite not having their significant others permission and knowledge. Nobody has ever questioned to me, their own motivations in not allowing their slave to fuck others. Their slaves fuck who they want them to fuck and nobody else. They aren't guilty about it. You're the first to ever say I get to fuck everyone, why can't I let my slaves do the same? Doesn't happen. Makes you unique in my book."

"Thanks. You gave me a lot to think about anyway. Listen, one more question. Do you ever get any men coming in who just want training as a sub, but don't have a dominant yet?"

"Very seldom. Women do it more often, maybe testing if it's really for them. I've maybe had two men just show up for sub training, and they might have been hoping I'd take them on. I think they wanted a woman dominant," she responded.

"Just out of curiosity, keep an eye out for someone who might fit the bill?"

"For you?" Amazement in her voice. "You want a male slave?"

"Well, he should be more interested in cunt than cock. I haven't decided yet if I want one. I'm still thinking about it."

"You still surprise me, Scott. I don't know what to make of you."

"Thank you Michelle."

The other thing I did was tell Jerry we had a thirty to forty million dollar home we'd be building in Los Angeles and I'd keep him informed. Then I called Mr. Thornhill's business manager and got all the details for both houses. I also got Mr. Thornhill's personal number as I wanted to make a suggestion for his new home.

I called him after I got his number.

"Mr. Thornhill, I've decided I'd like to build your home in Los Angeles."

"Thank you, Mr. Rivers. I'd really love to work with you."

"Julia told me who the Fresno house is for. I'm assuming you wish it to remain a surprise until it's finished?"

"I would, yes."

"Sir, your generosity is overwhelming. I can't thank you enough for helping out like you did. I have a suggestion for your home if you're interested."

"I always encourage people to come to me with new ideas."

"I can set up every room in the house the way I designed the bed frame. With lots of hidden suspension points, stocks, crosses, benches and everything else a dominant might need to keep a certain slave on her toes. None of it would be apparent to the casual observer, but it would all be handy for use."

"You intrigue me, Mr. Rivers. Submit that with your plans. I'll take a look at it, but I'm inclined to say yes."

"Thank you for your trust in me and my company."

"You're welcome." 

******

JULIA

Shasta was at the house before 7:30. "We need materials for an Alaskan King bed frame, Julia. I want to start today. Soon as we get the stuff, I start working on it through lunch, stay as late as you let me stay to keep working on it."

I called in the order to Lowe's from a material list, charging it to Scott's account.

"They said everything will be here by two. You'll be able to start on it tonight. When are you going to have your surgery done?"

"When his first bed is made."

"I don't know if Reneé's and Janet's Masters will give them the extra time. You can check with them yourself, but I'll give anyone else who wants to help time and a half on their wages for two hours each night, until seven. After then, my family usually wants to play and they may not wish to stay."

"Thank you. You don't need to pay me extra. I'm doing this 'cause I want to, not have to. How late can I stay?"

"If you don't care what you might be exposed to, you may work until 9:30, at which time we'd like the noise to end. You can take an extra half hour to shower, use the pool or hot tub to refresh yourself, then leave by 10:00. We're up by 6:30, so you can arrive then to get started if you wish."

"Can I work weekends too?"

"You may. Don't be offended by what you might witness. There is usually lots of sex and other things on the weekends."

"It mostly happens in rest of house and pool area, not in the basement?"

"None of it happens in the basement," I assured her.

"His bed going to be done in a week, if I have to do it myself."

"I believe Mr. Thornhill would appreciate it a great deal, Shasta. It's important to people they know their generosity is returned with gratitude. I offered to suck his cock, with Master's permission."

"Did he ask for it?" She seemed upset he'd ask for a sex act for it.

"He didn't ask for it, nor did he accept it. I offered because I was grateful and I'm a sex slave and our gratitude is frequently expressed with sex. He declined."

"You ask in front of his missus? His wife didn't care you ask to suck his cock?"

"I don't know if his wife cared or not. His wife is his sex slave. I asked in front of her so she knew everything was in the open and not done behind her back. He can answer in accordance with whatever rules they have."

"Evelyn Thornhill is a sex slave, like you. She richer than God!"

"Yes. There were lot's of indications. The collar/necklace she had around her neck, the way she addressed him constantly as sir. Of course, the best indication is when she stripped so I could demonstrate all of the bed's functions on his naked slave. You didn't think he wanted the bed frame solely as a bed, did you?"

She laughed. "No, I guess not. Be pretty expensive. You white folk are damn freaky; you know that?"

"Black folks do it too, Shasta. Rhonda is only one example. I know of others, and I've licked the cunts of Asians, both Japanese and Chinese, someone from India, a Swedish woman. Although the others of different races I know are submissive, there are black Master's and Mistresses as well. We ship our bed frames to all parts of the world. Dominants and submissives exist in every part of society, just like everyone else."

"Is it all voluntary?"

"No. I suspect some slaves are actual slaves, kept against their will. Many in what we consider the free world would be voluntary, but there are evil people everywhere. Human sex trafficking is big business, maybe thirty billion dollars worldwide."

The others arrived for work and we got started. I heard Shasta talking to the others about working extra to get the bed done. Charlotte, Melanie and Alice all said they'd like the extra money and agreed to work until seven. Reneé and Janet said they'd speak to their Master's about it and let Shasta know tomorrow. 

Cindy came down to say goodbye around nine. She was taking a Lyft to visit her parents again and wouldn't be back until eight and not to wait on supper for her. I hugged her and sent her on her way.

******

At five, Lisa and I quit to clean up and make supper. Rhonda was already working on it. I kissed her and sent her down to take orders from the four staying until seven or later for sandwiches and salad. Reneé and Janet worked for an extra half hour before they'd have to leave. When Master arrived, I told him what Shasta was doing and who was staying and he smiled and said he'd wait until after seven to get comfortable. After everyone but Shasta left at seven, Master got naked and we got in the hot tub to relax awhile. Lisa and Master had a bottle of beer; Rhonda and I had water. Rhonda had to work again tonight.

Cindy got home and came out naked, filling the hot tub to capacity.

"I told Mom and Dad I'm moving back to California today," she said. 

"That's wonderful, Cindy. It will be nice having you around more often," Master said.

It didn't sound so wonderful to me. It sounded like a horrible idea. Nevertheless, I expressed my pleasure as well, so as not to upset the apple cart, but I asked to speak to her in private.

We went inside the house and I took her to our bathroom and locked the door so we wouldn't be disturbed.

"What are you doing?" I asked. "The only reason I've allowed you to take the liberties I have, is because you'd be going home after two weeks. Knowing how you and Master feel about one another, don't you think moving back here is the epitome of recklessness? You can't fuck one another, and if you live here, what do you think the odds would be it might eventually happen?"

"I know that. I wouldn't be moving to Fresno, I was thinking of Los Angeles or San Francisco, or even San Diego."

That made me feel a little better. "It's still only a few hours away by car, not across the damn country."

"It took me five hours to fly here, add in take off and landing, clearing security and cut off three hours for the time zone change. What's that in hours; the drive time to LA in heavy traffic and faster than it would take to drive to San Diego? If we wanted to fuck that bad, the distance was not going to stop us. Look, I know what we've done so far is reckless and I thank you for the opportunity to do what you've allowed. I know we can't do more than that, and I'm not expecting it. Mom and Dad would be devastated, but knowing I can have what I've had with you and Scott without recriminations, makes this possible for me. I don't need to hide in another part of the country anymore. I have another favor to ask."

"What?" I asked warily.

"I want you to treat me like a slave some more. I enjoyed what happened last Friday, but I realize it wasn't a real test. A lot of the excitement was due to Scott being there, watching me. I want to know more. Everything; the spankings, the whippings, the bondage, the discipline. If I enjoy it as I expect to, I want to be trained as a slave. I spoke to Mom about her experiences with it. I want to know for myself."

"I can't train you and neither can Master. Neither of us can fuck you."

"I know. Mom told me you knew a slave trainer, Mistress Dark. If I enjoy what you do with me, I'd like to be trained by her before my vacation is over and I leave for home to prepare to move."

"Who will you get as your Dominant. I remind you, it can't be anyone here. Even my Master's friend dominants would be too close."

"As I mentioned, I'm inclined to seek a Mistress. I'm guessing I'm more lesbian or bi than heterosexual. I was hoping I might end up with Lucia's and Zoe's Mistress if I live in Los Angeles, or perhaps she would know someone in San Francisco or San Diego if I end up moving there."

"If you accept Brianna as your Dominant, you'd end up fucking Zoe, like I do," I said. "Sharing the same woman your brother fucked."

"And I used to be jealous of her for fucking him. Kind of ironic and erotic, isn't it. I get wet thinking about it."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"If you're going to do this, I'm going to have your parents over while you serve as a slave. They should know what you're doing and I don't believe slaves should be allowed privacy or to hide what they are. As I know your father is well aware of how to spank a slave, I may have him spank you."

Cindy shivered, thinking of her father whacking her bare buttocks, yet said, "Whatever you think is appropriate. I'll do what you think is best."

"Okay, Cindy. You're a grown up, and can decide for yourself. You promise never to do anything to harm my Master or ruin his life, and I'll help you."

"Thank you, Julia."

"Julia no more. From now on, you will address me as Domina. You will address Master as Master. The other slaves will be addressed as Miss Lisa and Miss Rhonda. Your father will be Master Dan, and your mother, Miss Sandy. You are the lowest of the low. Everyone may order you and you must obey. I may countermand any other orders but those of Master. He may countermand mine. You will be treated as a slave until Saturday night. If you still wish to remain one by then, you'll start with Mistress Dark on Sunday. It's expensive. You will pay for it. Acknowledge your orders, slave."

"Yes, Domina." 

"You will kneel here and wait for us to return."

Cindy got down on her knees and I showed her how a slave should kneel. I felt the familiar rush of power when commanding my slave. Cindy was a tasty slave and I wished I could taste her. I went to get the others. They dried off and followed me into the house. 

They saw Cindy kneeling on the floor of the bedroom.

"This girl thinks she might be slave material and wishes to explore her level of submissiveness. She is to experience MOST of what a slave must excepting your cock until Saturday night. If she still wishes to proceed after that time, Mistress Dark will take over her training. She is to address Lisa as Miss Lisa and Rhonda as Miss Rhonda. Rhonda is no longer the lowest slave in the house. She needs to be collared and cuffed, Master. If you would remove mine, you may place them on this lowly slut. I will wear my metal ones."

I knelt down before him and he removed my collar and placed it on her. I waited until my Master put on my metal collar before standing again. It's always best to be collared when kneeling. It teaches you your place.

"Stand, slave, and Rhonda will teach you the Display position. When you've properly demonstrated your grasp of the display position, you will lick her cunt until she cums."

"Yes, Domina."

I removed my wrist and ankle cuffs. Cindy would need them before the evening was over. Rhonda quickly demonstrated the Display position and when satisfied with Cindy's competence, Rhonda made her kneel again and lick her to an orgasm. 

She was still licking when I shouted "Display," again. It took her more than a few seconds before she stopped licking and stood up and I smacked her ass for her tardiness. I did not pull my blow. My handprint was clearly visible on her ass. I put my cuffs on her and put my metal ones on.

As I knelt to put her ankle cuffs on, I saw how wet her cunt was. Damn, she might be a slave.

"I need to speak to Master. Lisa and Rhonda, lie on the bed and let this lowly slave pleasure you until we return."

"Yes, Domina," Rhonda replied. I hadn't spoken to Cindy. I didn't have to. She quickly responded to Lisa when told to lick her cunt next.

Master and I stepped out of the room. "Is this what you were discussing when you wished to speak to her?"

"We spoke first about her moving back to California. I was concerned you both might have difficulty restraining yourselves if she lived in close proximity. I realize how much you lust for one another. I'd have no problem with it if it weren't against the law and your parents wouldn't be destroyed by it. She said she'll live in LA, San Fran or San Diego and will not seek to submit to anyone locally. She was thinking of Brianna, or someone Brianna would recommend if she moves to either of the other cities."

"She doesn't want a Master?"

"I don't believe she's interested as much in men except for you, sir. We spoke at great length while we were shopping. She felt she may not have developed long term relationships with men because none she met measured up to you. She was interested in women, but was embarrassed to explore her interest in them. It's why she took to Rhonda and Lisa so easily. I told her we'd let her explore her level of submissiveness until Saturday evening. If she's still determined to proceed, she'll be turned over to Mistress Dark for her full level of training, specializing on women, but not neglecting men. Perhaps she'll serve the Thursday night poker game, Master. I leave that up to you. I know you care for her more than you should, as she does you."

"You and I haven't spoken about that."

"She told me how she felt, and I could see you felt the same. Your erection is always harder and your orgasms more powerful when she's present, Master."

"And you don't care about that?"

"I love you with all my heart, Master, and would like to give you all you want, even your sister were it possible. I don't blame her for loving you. I don't blame anyone for loving you, for I know how much I do and it seems wrong no one else could. I know how much she looks like me and am flattered you were initially attracted to me because of the similarity. She's a lovely girl and I'd love to fuck her myself. But I shouldn't for much the same reason you can't."

Master took me in his arms and kissed me. "You're the most wonderful woman I know, and the best slave," he whispered.

"Thank you, Master."

"I decided to accept William Thornhill's offer to build his house. Perhaps you'll have the opportunity to thank him yet."

******

SCOTT

We went into the bedroom and Cindy was kneeling in slave position. My first thought was 'what has Julia done now', but Julia explained why Cindy was on the floor and it was at her own request. The thought of my sister kneeling in bondage was enough to make my cock harder than it was when Rhonda had been stroking me in the tub. I was just glad I wasn't going from limp to rod in a heartbeat so everyone realized the source of my arousal. 

We put Julia's leather collar and cuffs on Cindy and her metal ones on her. They began training her the Display position, then she knelt to pleasure Rhonda and I just got harder. 

Julia asked me to step out of the room for a discussion and I learned a lot of things I hadn't known before. Julia was well aware of the feelings Cindy and I shared for each other and would even have been willing to let things proceed further if it weren't illegal and capable of ruining my family. Proving once more she was the better person and I was a fucking asshole for worrying if she offered to suck Thornhill's dick. She was willing to give me damn near everything. 

After telling her how amazing she was, she thanked me. I said, "I decided to accept William Thornhill's offer to build his house. Perhaps you'll have the opportunity to thank him yet."

Once again offering something I didn't know if I was really willing to offer.

She smiled and me. "As you wish, Master. It's your decision. Let's see how well the new slave performs."

We went back into the bedroom and Cindy was licking Lisa's cunt. Given how quickly my slaves orgasmed, I suspected it was the second time for her.

"How well did the slave do pleasing you?" Julia asked.

"She's an inexperienced cunt licker, Domina," Rhonda replied. "What she lacks in experience, she makes up for in enthusiasm."

"Her cunt licking training will be up to you, Rhonda, as the most experienced," Julia announced. "I want you to train her to be a suitable Mistress slave. Teach her how to seduce and tease pussy until a woman vibrates in pleasure. Any time she's not otherwise engaged in training, she's to be licking cunt, yours or Lisa's. She's to wear cum on her face at all times."

"Yes, Domina. Not yours?"

"You don't believe fucking my husband's sister borders on incest, slave?"

"Actually, Domina, not in California. Since I don't work sex crimes usually, I was not as familiar with incest laws as I might be. I decided to research the law given how she and Master feel about one another. It is actually possible for them to lick and suck one another without violating the law. In fact, Master can fuck her ass without violating the law. Nor does the prohibition extend to in-laws. If Domina had a sister, Master could fuck her with impunity."

"You're kidding," I said.

"Not kidding, Master," Rhonda said. "California Law regarding incest, Penal Code Chapter 285 was designed to prevent pregnancy which could result in birth defects if close familial relations fuck one another and have children. The law requires penile penetration of the vagina to be an incestuous act, since it's the only way she can become pregnant. You or your parents may have moral or familial issues regarding sexual acts between you and Cindy, but there wouldn't be legal consequences."

Shit! I could have sucked Cindy's candy cane right down to her cunt, kept right on going, fucked her ass, and it wouldn't have been illegal. Cindy and I looked at one another and my cock was pointing at her like an arrow, going 'you next'.

"Master, would you have issues licking Cindy's cunt or fucking her ass?" Julia asked. "Though the more important questions might be would she have issues and do you both want to take your parents into consideration when deciding if you'll do so?"

"What about you, Julia? You're my wife. Would you have an issue with us doing those things? Let's take it a step further; Lisa, would you or Rhonda care?"

"Master," Julia said. "I wish to deny you nothing which you can legally do." 

There she went again. Giving me all I desired. She was so incredibly generous with me, doing all she could to satisfy me and give me anything my heart desired. Making me feel even more of a bastard than I already did.

Lisa said, "We're both already having sex with Cindy. It would be nice if she could nearly be a full partner in everything we did."

"Until fairly recently, being a lesbian was illegal in half the states in the US," Rhonda said. "I'm not going to get picky if you two want to fuck each other any other way but genitally. I will follow the letter of the law." 

Cindy and I looked at each other. There was no question in my mind what I lusted after. I'd proven it a half dozen times already and I thought Cindy felt the same way. Nothing to do but ask.

"Cindy, what do you want to do?" 

Cindy had been lying on the bed, her head between Lisa's legs, on pause from licking her. She knelt on the bed, the perfect slave position. "I want to suck my Master's cock, sir."

My cock throbbed. Asked and answered.

"Rhonda, please get two of the strapless vibrators," Julia said. "You and Lisa are going to double penetrate this slave bitch while she sucks Master's cock. Lisa will be on the bottom. I want you fucking her ass."

Going about trying to satisfy every fucking dream I had, no matter how perverse.

"Yes, Domina."

While Rhonda got the requested equipment, Julia patted Cindy's face. "You're about to learn what it feels like to be airtight. There's only one proviso, slave. You don't have permission to cum. The first time you cum, you'll receive thirty spankings from Master's hand, the second one will result in thirty more with the Enforcer. Upon your third orgasm, you'll receive thirty lashes with the whip to your tits and cunt. If you orgasm more than that, you'll wear the Slave Trainer for one hour each time you cum."

"Yes, Domina, what's a Slave Trainer?"

"You're about to find out, slave, because you're going to cum a lot. Master, if you would, give permission to the other slaves to cum. I suspect they'll cum a lot as well as they'll be wearing the strapless in full vibrator mode."

"Lisa, Rhonda, you have my permission to cum as much as you like. What about you, Julia?"

"I won't be cumming just yet, though I wouldn't mind permission for later."

"You have my permission to cum, slave, all night and tomorrow too."

"Thank you, Master."

Rhonda handed Lisa her equipment and she put it on and got on the bed. I helped Cindy climb over the dildo and lowered her over the phallus. I also helped spread her butt cheeks as Rhonda thoroughly lubed her muscular ring and the penile projection jutting from her cunt. I watched the greased head slide into my sister's bottom; Rhonda going slow because Cindy was stretched to the limit.

"Fuck!" Cindy grunted. "I'm so full."

"Wait until Rhonda really starts to ream your ass," Julia said. "Lisa make sure you play with her nipples while she's getting fucked. I want her to squeal when she cums. Master, it's time for you to fuck her mouth."

"Yes, Julia," Lisa laughed. "She'll squeal."

I waited until Rhonda was all the way in and Cindy could concentrate fully on my cock before they cranked the vibrators up. Christ, this meant Cindy could be taught to deep throat my cock. I got on the head of the bed and she opened her mouth and sucked gently on the head. Fuck, I wasn't going to last long, but the way I felt now, I might cum and still stay hard enough to fuck her mouth. When Rhonda was gently sucking my shaft, Julia said, "Let 'er rip, ladies. Turn on the vibrators."

Cindy didn't last two minutes before climaxing. She squealed. Julia said, "One orgasm, that's thirty swats earned from your Master's hand and you've barely started." 

Cindy tried to hold out longer. I could see her straining to resist the next one, but she was on a downward slide. She'd cum once, the subsequent ones would become easier each time. Julia had planned for Cindy to be unable to resist and her plan would succeed. She spasmed again, losing focus on my cock momentarily, not fully trained.

"You're up to sixty now, Cindy. Your ass will be so hot we can toast marshmallows on it. Master, fuck her face harder. See if you can get your cock all the way down her throat. You might as well get some enjoyment out of it."

Julia got close to Cindy's face. "You won't be a proper slave until you can suck any cock to the root, girl. Open your throat. Take your brother's prick all the way down, Cindy."

Cindy gurgled and tried to take more of me. I was ready to pop soon.

"Do you see this beautiful cock, Cindy?" Julia asked, stroking her face, her hair. "I'm sure you see it in your dreams, don't you slave? Big and fat. Are you going to drink all your brother's cum, slave?"

Cindy gurgled, then slurped, sucking tightly around the crown.

"I'm sure you will, slave. I love this cock and these balls." Julia cupped my sack, hefting my balls inches from Cindy's face. "But this is my cock; your brother's big beautiful cock, and you can't have this cock in your cunt. My cunt owns this cock. It belongs to me and every other slave in here but you." Cindy moaned around my prick and climaxed again. "Are you cumming again, slave? That's the third time you've cum without permission, earning a whipping of your tits and cunt. Poor slave." God, I was getting close. "You can't have this cock, slave, but you can have its cum. All the cum stirring around in these lovely balls," she lifted them again, willing the cum from my balls, "can be yours. All you have to do is beg for it. Do you want this cum, slave? To feel his hot sperm squirt down your gullet?" 

Cindy moaned, unable to speak. "Moan for his cum. Show us how much you want it. If you lose a drop of his precious sperm, I'll whip your cunt myself."

Even without another stroke, another lick, another suck; I could feel my balls drawing up, my cum making its short journey from my balls to Cindy's mouth. Listening to my sister moaning for my cum stimulating enough without any physical touching whatsoever. I groaned. Julia noticed the signs even if Cindy didn't recognize my impending release.

"He's going to flood your mouth, slave. Suck," Julia ordered. Cindy tightened her lips around my shaft. Blam; a bullet of cum shot out of my cock like a cannon, straight down her throat. Cindy moaned again, the hot salty seed pumping like a fire hose into her mouth. A second burst, like heavenly relief, shooting out.

Cindy moaned, spasming yet again. The third, fourth and fifth pulses as strong as the first two, the following spurts slowing, more leaking onto her tongue if not downright sucked out. 

Julia started tugging on my shaft, working the last drops out, forcing every last drop into Cindy's mouth. When no amount of squeezing could get another drop out. Julia pushed me back, locking lips with Cindy, tasting me in her mouth, grasping her hair in her hand. Cindy's back arched and pushed back onto the dildo's filling her, cumming a fifth time. Lisa and Rhonda had both orgasmed multiple times as well, the vibrations working on them as well as Cindy. The air was redolent with the scent of sex and pleasure fulfilled. Julia let them fuck until Cindy climaxed a sixth time, then told them to stop.

Julia pieced her hand under Cindy's chin and made her look up at her face. "How did you like your first triple fucking?"

"It was wonderful, Domina."

"Too bad you climaxed six times without permission, slave."

"You wouldn't give me permission, Domina. No one could go through that without cumming."

Lisa and Rhonda laughed. "It's kind of the point," Rhonda said. "Sometimes Domina wants to punish you and would like to have a reason."

"Though sometimes Master punishes us to demonstrate punishment to someone else," Lisa said, "or for no reason other than he wants to smack our asses."

"Lick Miss Lisa's and Miss Rhonda's cunt slave and reward them for the pleasure they gave you and tidy up their messy cunts," Julia said.

Cindy licked both of them, dutifully lapping up the abundance of cum on their cunts and giving them each another orgasm. 

"Now the equipment, slave. There is a cleaning solution for toys on the sink. Clean them thoroughly. You're responsible for cleaning the equipment used on you. When you finish, Miss Rhonda will show you where everything goes. She will also show you where The Enforcer and whip are kept. Retrieve both of them and return here for your punishment."

"Yes, Domina."

While she was gone, Julia asked, "Are you ready to spank your sister's ass, Master?"

"When I'm done, who do I fuck. You know how I get after giving a spanking."

"Whoever you wish, Master; however, I'd like to remind you I still haven't cum yet and leaving a mess of cum in my cunt might go well with her next punishment."

I smiled at her. "You have a fertile imagination, slave."

"Yes, Master, plus reading sex slavery books for years provided a lot of research material."

Cindy returned and Rhonda showed her where everything needed to be stored. She was introduced to The Enforcer and the whip and brought them back.

"Master will sit on the bed and you will go over his lap, slave. The punishment is thirty strokes for cumming without permission the first time. Since you're new, and The Enforcer comes next, Master may take some pity on you."

I sat on the bed and Cindy draped her naked body over my lap. I was staring at her lovely ass and my cock began its inevitable rise, soon pressing against her stomach. 

"Please be gentle, Master," Cindy said, twisting to look up at me. 

My hand dropped. I wasn't that gentle, though it wasn't as hard as my own slaves usually received. Her buttocks jiggled delightfully. 

"Ouch!" She exclaimed.

I smacked her again. Then several more times, her bottom becoming red, choking sobs starting, tears falling.

"I'll tell you a little secret," Julia said, stroking Cindy's face, wiping away a tear. "We slaves normally slip into what's called 'sub space', when we're being punished. In sub space, the pain recedes into the background. Sound recedes. You hear the smack, you feel the slap, you sense the rising heat on your ass, but it's muffled, almost as if it's happening to someone else. Instead of the burning on your ass, the warmth spreads to your pussy, then you feel it in your nipples. They become hardened points, begging for a touch." 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
She reached under Cindy's torso and lovingly caressed a breast before pinching the nipple. Cindy started, then moaned, her bottom rising to meet my hand, arching up.

"You feel it now, don't you? Despite the pain, your pussy is getting wet. The warmth seems to be pooling there, heating your slave cunt, the pressure building; the tension rising, until you know your orgasm isn't far off. You still don't have permission to cum, slave, but it feels inevitable now. Your cunt is leaking on Master's lap. If I touched your cunt now, you'd cum. But it's not necessary. You'll cum anyway when the heat and pressure have built like a volcano, ready to explode. You want something to fill your cunt, to plug your leaking pussy. Do you have permission to cum, Slave?"

"No, Domina."

"You're going to cum anyway, aren't you slutty slave?"

"Yes. Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" 

We all witnessed my sister's first cum from a punishment, her pussy contracting as the waves of pleasure cascaded through her body. She was lying on my cock, painfully not allowing it to stand. I knew she felt it on her stomach, twitching with each pump of my heart. I would have loved to shove my cock so far up her cunt it would have poked out of her mouth. I quickly rushed through the balance of her spanking so I could burrow my cock in a wet cunt. I practically threw Cindy off me to stand beside the bed, drag Julia to the edge of the bed and plunge into her cunt, orgasming within five minutes. Julia climaxed twice herself, wound to fever pitch. I filled her cunt with cum.

"Master," Julia said, our fucking over, "if you'd please raise the stocks to bed height and put Cindy in them for her Enforcer spanking."

I could see where she was going with this. The stocks were built into the foot of the bed. They looked like a footboard, but could be raised and lowered. When I raised it to the appropriate height, I fastened Cindy in them. Julia got on the bed, skittered down until her pussy was in front of Cindy's face, my cum leaking from it. Her legs were draped over the stocks on either side of Cindy's head. Lisa and Rhonda found another spot on the bed to watch from, touching and stroking each other.

"As a slave, your first responsibility always, is to the pleasure of the person you're servicing. It doesn't matter if you're being fucked or punished; you must pay attention to them and not to your own pleasure or pain. Master is going to paddle your bottom while you lick my cunt. I want you to concentrate on your task, not the punishment. Your concentration on my cunt should be unwavering. If it is not, I will signal Master and he'll give you an additional swat each time you falter. It will help if you reach sub space quickly, where the pain hides in the recesses of your mind. Remember how you got there before. Halfway through your spanking, he will fuck you with the handle of the paddle. The sensations will change from pain to pleasure, but still, you must concentrate on my pussy and my pleasure. Then he'll resume the spanking, and it will change again. You still don't have permission to cum. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Domina."

Her buttocks were waggling back and forth almost as if she was searching for the paddle.

"Then lick my cunt," Julia ordered, and Cindy dove into the white froth in front of her. 

I started the spanking after testing the paddle on myself. Since her ass was flame red already, I moderated how hard I struck her. Still her attention wandered as she squeaked. 

"One more, Master," Julia said, and I mentally added one to the thirty owed. 

I struck her ass again. "Add another, sir." Another smack, another failure. When I'd struck her seven times and Cindy hadn't diminished her punishment by a stroke, she buckled down. Her ass quit moving around, locking into position. Her face acquired a look of determination, even peace, as she lapped at my wife's cunt. The next stroke brought no additional punishment, nor the next until I'd given her twenty-two, half plus the seven additional Cindy earned. I flipped the paddle around and pushed it into Cindy's cunt.

She gasped, moaning, cumming, arching.

"Add another," Julia said. "One more." "This slut still isn't paying attention to my pussy. That will be five additional."

Cindy finally managed to get hold of herself and for the balance of the fucking, didn't earn another, even though she climaxed again. Nor did she earn more when her spanking resumed. I gave her twenty more and Cindy orgasmed again before I finished. Twelve total extra strokes. I was hard again, but if I paused to fuck someone else, we'd be here all night.

I pulled the St. Andrews cross from its place beneath the bed and stood it on end, locking it upright. Rhonda fastened Cindy's ankle and wrist cuffs to the clips, leaving her spread eagled. She was beautiful, an Amazon of a woman. I picked up the whip, testing it on myself. At least her bottom wasn't bearing the brunt of the rest of her punishments. I started Cindy's whipping, her tits like headlamps, an unwavering stare. First her stomach, then up, lashing her breasts, then down, stomach first, then lower. She was squirming, tugging against her bonds to start, then stilling, a serene smile on her face, finding her peace, even the lashes caressing her nipples, leaving her calm, though she'd flinch momentarily. When I struck her cunt, she shivered, cumming, no more than a quiet moan escaping her lips.

I finished, hard still, and grabbed the first slave at hand, Rhonda, bent her over at the waist and shoving deep into her cunt. In four strokes, she was cumming. It took me several more minutes, but I groaned when I emptied myself into her. I don't know how I had sperm in me yet, but the contractions were powerful.

Julia was releasing Cindy as Lisa cleaned Rhonda and I. It's been a long time since I'd had three mind-blowing orgasms like this so close together; the sheer insanity of it fueling my passion.

"Is it always like this, Domina?" Cindy asked as she lowered her hands, still quivering.

"It is for me, slave. Always. Rhonda, you'd best get ready for work. You had eleven orgasms total without permission, slave. Eight hours on the Slave Trainer for you. Lisa could you get it for me please. Make sure another one is on the charger."

Lisa gave a Slave Trainer and Julia fitted it in Cindy's cunt, checking the status on her phone. She turned it on.

"Isn't this going to make me cum again, Domina. I thought I was being punished."

"You are being punished and you won't cum. That's the punishment. To be kept on the edge of orgasm constantly without release. I haven't cum nearly enough tonight, slave. Come lick my cunt."

She lay down in the middle of the bed and spread her legs. Cindy got between them and started licking. 

"You might as well turn off the light, Lisa. Cindy's going to be busy for awhile. Perhaps her moans of frustration will be muffled in my cunt."

Lisa laughed and turned out the light. I lay beside Julia with a hand resting on her full belly, listening to the sounds of a tongue lapping moist flesh. Every time Cindy started to moan, Julia would whisper, "Quiet slave, people are trying to sleep," and pull Cindy's face up tight against her dewy cunt. Julia was quieter when she climaxed, only a slight shaking as her body shivered. My cock was hard again, but Lisa was asleep, Julia and Cindy were busy. Eventually, Julia turned on her side and I thought she was done. I pulled her against me.

"You're not done yet, slave," she whispered. "Keep going."

Cindy started licking again, but as she did, Julia lifted a leg, creating space. My erection pushed into the opening created. I felt Julia pushing Cindy's head down until her lips made contact with my prick. Realizing what Julia was doing, Cindy's lips parted and my cock disappeared into her mouth. Julia's fingers slid down between her legs, caressing her crotch. From then on, each time the mattress moved with her orgasm, it was her own fingers providing it. Cindy suckled my shaft and I emptied myself down her voracious mouth once more, silent as a church mouse. After it, Julia tugged Cindy's hair, dragging her away, inserting her body between us. She squeezed my hand, still touching her stomach ripe with our child. How could anyone love me this much? Of course, Cindy had a hard time sleeping with the Slave Trainer in her. My poor sister. It got changed twice during the night.

******

JULIA

Master showered with Lisa the next morning; I showered with Cindy. We washed each other. Cindy was silent until the others left the bathroom.

"When do I get this hellish device removed, Domina?" 

I was intimately acquainted with the hellish device she was referring to. 

"It went in at eleven last night, it comes out at seven this morning."

"Another forty minutes?" She complained.

"We can always make it an hour, forty minutes. Keep complaining."

She shut up, about the Slave Trainer anyway.

"Domina, I don't know how to thank you. I don't know how you're so generous."

"Because I love my Master. It's not that hard. I'm used to sharing him. Only the fact you're his sister makes it strange."

She nodded thoughtfully. "What will I be doing today, Domina?"

"You still need to practice licking cunts. You can become much better. I shall tie you down in the work area of the basement and let you pleasure any of the workers who wants to feel your tongue in their cunt. Tonight, we'll see if we can't get all of Master's cock down your throat."

"It's so big, Domina."

"Yes it is. Wait until you feel it in your ass. There's a trick to it. Even Rhonda learned it. You will too."

Shasta had already arrived. I could hear her down in the basement, working. We ate breakfast, Lisa sucking Master's cock and sharing his cum with me. It was getting tougher to get down on my knees. I wondered how Master had any cum left after last night. Cindy's Slave Trainer came off at seven. I made her lick it clean before she washed it and put it on the charger. After cleaning the kitchen, the others arrived for work. We all went downstairs.

Shasta had gotten a lot done last night and this morning, and it wasn't sloppy work. I tied Cindy down on a finished bench on a regular bondage piece. 

"If I may have your attention, ladies. Cindy has decided to explore her submissive side for a couple days to see if she wishes to become a sex slave like me. She needs a lot of practice licking cunt. She is available to lick any of your cunts. You may take a fifteen minute break every couple hours to enjoy her services."

"Janet and I need permission to cum," Reneé said.

"Then text your Masters. The first break isn't until roughly 9:30 and will continue until everyone who chooses to participate, has. Perhaps they'll answer before then. Or maybe you'll do without. At any rate, you may use this slave for your pleasure."

"We don't have to, do we?" Charlotte asked.

"Of course not. It's for your own benefit and enjoyment if you wish it. If you don't recognize a benefit or believe you'll enjoy it, you can choose not to participate."

Janet and Reneé quickly texted. Janet got a response right away. "I'm in," she said, happily. Reneé didn't receive a response until the break started, but she caught the tail end of the break.

Alice saw the benefit. When she'd had sex with us to get revenge on her ex-husband, Alex; she'd had sex with all the women. This time, she didn't even need to return the favor. Charlotte didn't want to do it until she saw how much the other parties were enjoying it, cumming loudly and often. After watching Reneé cum three times during her 15 minutes, Charlotte gave it a shot. She was so pleased with the results, she took her breaks at lunch and mid-afternoon too. In the end, only Melanie, concerned with what her boyfriend might think, and Shasta didn't participate.

After everyone who wanted to, used her at lunch, I released Cindy and told her to eat, use the bathroom, stretch, whatever, but to leave the cum on her face. She was to return after eating and prepare for the afternoon break.

"Yes, Domina."

I released her to eat again around 4:30. Her face was a mess and I told her she could wash it this time, but she needed to report back as several of the workers were staying late to work on William Thornhill's bed frame. Even Reneé and Janet had received permission from their Master's to work late. Shasta didn't want anyone taking breaks during the evening work shift, so everyone worked straight through to seven, then she had to satisfy three of those leaving. The rest of us figured we'd get ours later. I went upstairs at five to help Rhonda with supper. Lisa remained to work and watch over Cindy, until she finished. 

Since Cindy had eaten earlier, she had to serve the three slaves under the table tonight. There's nothing like some good orgasms to go with good food. It's like every appetite being satisfied at once. 

While the rest of us cleaned up after supper, I sent Lisa to cleanse her bottom. The kitchen cleaned up, I asked the Cindy if she'd like to be one of the partners in a double penetration herself. 

"Who will I be fucking and with whom?" Cindy asked.

"Fucking Lisa with Master," I replied.

She looked at Master. "I'd enjoy that."

By the way Master's cock twitched, I suspect he was going to enjoy it too.

"Rhonda, when Lisa is done, why don't you cleanse your ass? I'm sure we can get Master hard again to fuck yours after."

"Yes, Domina."

"What do you mean when you tell Rhonda to cleanse her ass, Domina?"

"She is going to give herself enemas until her rectum is clean. After Master fucks her ass, Lisa or I can suck his cock clean and you can suck his cum from her bottom."

Cindy's face grew pale. "It's not as bad as it sounds, slave," I said. "You'll see. At some point, we'll cleanse your ass so you experience it for yourself."

Cindy didn't look as though she believed me. The rest of us laughed at the squeamish look on her face. "Why don't you wash your face again, so you can look pretty for Master? He shouldn't have to look at your cum smeared face when he's fucking Lisa's ass."

"Yes, Domina."

Master, Rhonda and I got comfortable on the bed, waiting for the other two to return from the bathroom. 

"Rhonda," I said, "I think Cindy should clean Master's cock when he removes it from Lisa's ass."

"If she's going to be a slave in this house, she should," Rhonda replied.

"Just to see what a cock tastes like after fucking a cleansed ass. Cindy should experience it if she's going to be a slave to someone." 

Master's eyes were as wide as saucers. He wouldn't have any trouble getting hard enough to fuck two asses if his sister cleaned his cock after the first one.

Cindy arrived first. It even appeared she'd applied a little moisturizer to her face. It was glowing. I went with her to the drawer where we stored the toys, pulling out the strapless strap-on vibrator we'd used on her last night.

"This is the strapless we used on you last night. The shorter end goes into your cunt. You use your Kegel muscles to keep it inside you, which also increases the pleasure you feel. You should get used to using these. Even if you accept a Mistress as your dominant, you still like to feel something filling your cunt once in awhile. Of course, you can use the strapped models like these, as well." I showed her a strapped version. I pushed three fingers in her cunt suddenly, making her gasp. "But your cunt feels tight enough to hold this in even after you cum a few times." I pulled them out and made her lick my fingers clean. "This is the button that turns on the vibration function. We want Lisa to enjoy herself tonight, so you'll use it as a vibrator. It's pleasant for Master as well. The vibrations in her cunt so close to his cock will make him cum faster. Do you need my help putting it in your pussy?"

"No, Domina. I think I understand."

"You'll be on the bottom. Lisa will mount you, then Master will penetrate her ass. His sack will slap against you, don't be surprised by it. Play with Lisa's breasts. I want her to enjoy this very much. She might feel neglected since you started staying with us. You've occupied some of Master's time. You're going to clean Master's cock after he's cum in her ass." Her face grew green again. "I'll do it first, so you can see there's nothing to fear."

"Yes, Domina." 

I kissed her. "Good girl. You'll make someone a fine slave some day. Get on the bed. Lisa's ready."

Lisa was ready, and eager. Rhonda left to cleanse her ass for later. Cindy got in the center of the massive bed and inserted the strapless in her pussy. Lisa mounted the phallus and leaned down to kiss Cindy. Remembering my instructions, Cindy reached up and began to fondle Lisa's mammaries. Since Master was unable to wet his prick in Lisa's wet cunt, I handed him the lube; water based, tasteless stuff I wouldn't mind sucking off his cock. I told Cindy to spread Lisa's cheeks to make it easier for Master to insert his rigid prick in her ass. Master easily slid into his second home.

Reaching down, Cindy tried to find the button to turn on the vibrator, encountering Master's cum filled sack instead. She felt around for fifteen or twenty seconds, becoming frustrated with her inability to find it. Master was enjoying the sensation of his sister's hand mucking about his sack. I laughed, placed her fingers on the little button which wasn't more than a bump, and squeezed her fingers to turn it on for her. 

Both women immediately moaned. I had to wait until my slave returned, but since she had nothing better to do at the moment, I lay back on the bed and spread my legs, ordering her to lick me to orgasm until I told her to stop. She'd be getting double fucked in a few minutes and could wait for her own pleasure. Besides, she hadn't yet earned an orgasm by sucking Master off or letting him use her ass or cunt. She was lucky I let Cindy lick her at supper. Rhonda was really good and I had three orgasms before Master climaxed in Lisa's ass. It was time to show Cindy how to go ass to mouth. I stopped Rhonda and Master pulled out and Lisa rolled off Cindy, a very happy slave.

"Look, slave, at Master's cock. It's got cum and a little mucus which the rectum uses to move waste. There's no shit on it."

I bobbed halfway down over his cock, collecting some of the cum. "Go on now, finish the job."

Cindy looked at it like a dirty diaper for a moment, but not seeing any brown stuff, slowly lowered her mouth over her brother's cock, tentatively. Finding it didn't taste badly, she finished sucking him all the way into her mouth until she gagged. She was able to go up and down his rapidly growing cock quite a few times before I told her to stop, nothing remaining.

"Now, you must lick the cum leaking from Lisa's bottom. It's no worse than Master's cock. Sometimes, Master can choose to clean up after himself, especially when there's no one else to do it, but as a slave, you must always be conscious of cleaning up after Master and other slaves or we would have to change the sheets a couple times a day."

Lisa was lying on her back. She drew her legs back. Her pussy was covered in her cum and Master's was leaking out of her bottom. Cindy gingerly started licking the pucker first and finding it rather pleasant, tidied up nicely, before going for Lisa's pussy. She gave Lisa another orgasm.

I warned Cindy, "Sometimes, when a slave has an orgasm, the contractions of her pussy or ass pushes more cum out. Look at Lisa's bum and you'll see you need to clean up a little more."

Cindy found the addition cream leaking from Lisa's bottom and lapped it up. After all, it was her brother's cum.

"Now, lie on the bed and you and Master will fuck Rhonda. Lisa will take care of cleaning Master this time, but you'll still need to clean up Rhonda's ass and cunt. I'll have her sit on your face so you can do a thorough job."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"Yes, Domina."

Rhonda mounted Cindy's phallus and I lubed up her ass and his cock for him. He'd just penetrated her ass when there was a knock on the bedroom door.

"Who's that?" Master asked. 

"Probably Shasta, leaving for the day, sir. She must have a question. Come in, Shasta," I called out.

Shasta opened the door and peaked in, seeing Rhonda pinned between Cindy on the bed and Master in her ass, still moaning from Master pushing into her bottom. She looked down.

"Sorry to intrude. I was wondering when I could come over tomorrow morning." She peeked again, then away.

"We like to sleep in late on the weekend," I replied. "It would be best if you didn't come until nine, both Saturday and Sunday. I should also warn you; Master's parents are coming for supper at six tomorrow night. You'd probably like to be dressed before then."

"Okay, thanks. Pardon the interruption." She started closing the door, peeking again. I admit, it was a lot to take in. The door was almost closed again when it stopped, held still, then opened maybe six inches.

"I'm sorry. I know this is rude, but would it be okay if I watched?"

We all looked at one another. Shasta normally paid little to no attention to our activities. As far as Lisa, Rhonda and I went, we didn't care. Modesty no longer existed for us. Cindy was probably too new to the role of slave to be as blasé as we were, but it wasn't her decision; it was Master's.

"Would you have an objection, sir?" I asked.

"Might I ask why, Shasta?" Master asked the almost closed door.

There was quiet for a moment, then a tiny voice, "It's been so long since I've had sex, and it looked like you were having a lot of fun. I thought I might enjoy watching."

"Let her," I whispered. "It might encourage her to seek counseling for her issues."

"Okay," Master told her. "Unless you want to sit on the bed, close to everything; I suggest you find a chair out there."

"Thank you," Shasta replied. "I'll get one from the kitchen table."

Master started stroking himself in Rhonda's ass, just enough to keep him from losing his erection. It had already softened some just talking. Shasta returned with a chair and sat down about five feet from the bed. The siblings began fucking Rhonda. Lisa and I started licking each other, though I kept half an eye on Shasta. She watched for a few minutes. I wasn't sure if she was conscious of it, but she began touching herself, through her clothes as she watched.

"Excuse me," I said to Lisa. "I'll be right back."

I got up, went to the toy drawer and got a clit vibrator, then walked to Shasta. I handed it to her. 

"This will work better if you want to cum." I reached it out to her. 

She looked at me and realized she was touching herself. She got an embarrassed look on her face. 

"It's all right," I said, placing in in her hand, "It's hard not to be aroused by what happens here. I assume it's part of the reason you wanted to watch. You're frustrated by your life without love. It's why we urge you to seek counseling, Shasta. We won't bother you. Feel free to do as you like. You're safe here, as odd as it sounds." 

I returned to Lisa and went into a loose sixty-nine with her; my belly in the way. Shasta applied the vibrator to her clit and soon her back was arching as she orgasmed. The rest of us were doing nicely too. Rhonda had cum multiple times. Lisa and I had climaxed a couple. Cindy was cumming as I watched. Master was still banging away, his balls slapping down. He looked like he wouldn't last much longer. Panting and breathing hard, he was pounding Rhonda's ass. 

"Fuck me, Master," Rhonda screamed, a lesbian no more. She was a slave now, subject to the same desires, the same pleasures we were, wishing only to cum.

Master was in the end stages now. He groaned and released, balls in, straining deep in Rhonda's bottom, grunting. Lisa was prepared when he pulled out, her lips wrapping around his prick, cleaning him. I told Rhonda to sit on Cindy's face. Cindy dutifully obeyed me, cleaning every part of Rhonda's crotch. After, exhausted, we pretty much collapsed on the bed, breathing hard. I was the only one who hadn't been fucked, and fucked hard, but I'd received some pleasure and the baby was taking much of my strength anymore. I'd have more before we retired. The new slave wasn't finished yet.

Shasta stood up and set the vibrator on the chair. With a subdued 'thank you', she was out the door, closing it behind her. 

I said to Cindy, "You're not done yet. I want you to lick both ends of the strapless clean, then wash and charge it. When you're done, I need some more attention."

"Yes, Domina."

She did as I bid and soon returned and I welcomed her into my pussy with widespread legs. She gave me five good orgasms as Master held my breast, gently stroking my nipple. Eventually, I pulled her up beside me, licked most of my cum from her face and kissed her. 

"Good girl," I whispered.

"Yes, Domina."

******

SCOTT

We all woke up the next morning when we heard Shasta working in the basement. It was nine-thirty, so not too early. Julia told Cindy she was becoming good at the mechanics of licking pussy, but needed to learn the niceties of seducing both men and women.  

"Seduction is an important part of being a slave. While Master can fuck us any time he wishes, sometimes he may think he's too tired or busy to do so. If we want to have sex, as we usually do, it would be helpful if our Dominant wished to have sex also. We can do things such as rub their shoulders or back or feet to ease weary muscles. We can dress to be pleasing, make sure we're clean and smell nice. Small touches and smiles and subtle glances may help put our Dominants in the mood. Rhonda will demonstrate on me how she can seduce me to give me the greatest amount of pleasure, after which you'll practice on me. When she's done, Lisa will demonstrate how to seduce a Master. Then, you'll practice on him and learn to deep throat his cock in the process. After which you will practice your cunt licking skills on Lisa and Rhonda so they get to cum too, while Master and I make brunch. Hopefully, Mistress Dark will be training a male slave or prospective Dominant so you can practice using all of your holes with a man."

We all watched Rhonda practice on Julia. Rhonda loved women and she loved serving her Mistress, so she put every ounce of effort into her slow seduction. It was every bit of twenty minutes before Julia orgasmed, screaming her pleasure. She caressed Rhonda's face, thanking her for the excellent instruction she'd provided. Then Cindy practiced the same type of seduction on Julia.

"You're already much better at cunt licking than when you started, slave. I'm proud of you," Julia panted after her climax.

"Thank you, Domina."

Lisa then did the same thing to me, sometimes pausing to explain herself. She had Cindy watching from only a foot away, which had me on edge from the beginning.

"You'll become attuned to the bodies of your Dominant, learn to recognize their signals; the sounds they make, the way they move, how they hold you, all signs that you're doing to good job pleasing them.

"Master likes me to do this." Lisa suckled each of my balls, rolling them around in her mouth. "This." She licked up the bottom of my shaft from my sack to the head, pausing to lick the joining of head to shaft. "This." Twirling her tongue all around the head. "This." Pointing her tongue and pressing it against the slit. "And this." She enveloped my cock in her throat all the way to the root, bobbing up and down a few times while her tongue made music with my shaft.

"I can cup his balls while I do any or all of it." She rolled them in the palm of her hand. "You'll begin to recognize the signs of his impending climax. His breathing alters, getting faster; his stomach tightens; his toes will start to curl. Master's balls start to rise up instead of dangling loosely, like they're tightening. His cocks swells a little more and begins twitching." She was lightly stroking my shaft, keeping me very interested in the proceedings. 

"You must closely watch all that I do, but also watch Master's responses. You want to recognize when he especially likes something I'm doing. This is how you learn the cues to pleasing someone. The last thing I want you to watch is how the cum flows up, making a pulse here," she stroked the underside of my cock, "as his cum starts shooting. Master likes when I keep sucking as he cums, with my lips, mouth and tongue working this area right here." She pointed to the top fifth of my dick. "Some men like to be buried in your throat, some with only the tip of their cock in your mouth. I think their primal instinct is to drive it deep, like they're trying to reach your womb and make you pregnant, but this is your mouth, after all, and no babies will occur, so Master likes me to continue lightly sucking while stimulating near the head. It's when he moans the loudest. The nicest part of the way he likes it is I can catch a lot of his cum in my mouth and share it instead of it all shooting down to my stomach. Watch closely now as I put it all into practice."

Lisa did everything she'd shown, and then some, playing me like a flute, Cindy watching intently. I groaned, exactly as she said I would, as I pumped my cum in her mouth. When she sucked and gathered all she could, she turned and shared it with my sister, passing my cum from her mouth to Cindy's. Ahh, fuck! My cock was still twitching.

"Of course, tidy up after yourself," Lisa said. "Don't leave a mess."

Lisa gently did just that, leaving no trace but the shine of her saliva in her wake.

All the slaves informed Lisa about the trick to swallow all of my cock. Plus to get her started, they had her lie down on the bed with her head hanging over the edge to form a straighter path down her throat for me to fill. By cumming first in Lisa, it gave Cindy some time to practice on my limp member before I started swelling. After I was hard, it took about ten minutes minutes of practice before she had all of my cock down her throat, bulging slightly as I bottomed out in her mouth. My balls smacked into her face with each thrust. Her eyes were closed, moaning as my brotherly cock drove deep each time. 

"Remember Lisa's training, slave. How Master likes the top of his cock caressed when he's cumming. You'll feel his cock swelling just before he starts to cum so you know he's ready. He'll pull back to the top of his cock so his cum doesn't just shoot down your throat without you tasting it. You'll experience the warm, salty goo flood your mouth. Keep sucking and swirling your tongue around the crown. You'll be punished if you don't swallow every drop. None of your Master's cum should go to waste."

I didn't last much longer past her last instruction, a few minutes only. I groaned deeply, my prick pulsing, throbbing, and I filled his sister's mouth with cum. Like a good slave, she swallowed every drop, having to swallow repeatedly as my balls had worked overtime to replenish my stores. I finally pulled out, reluctant to leave my sister's sucking mouth.

"Now, practice your skills on these two girls who haven't cum yet this morning, while Master and I make breakfast."

I might have liked watching Cindy seduce the others, but I was hungry and I knew Julia was, and I'm sure I'd get to witness it on other occasions. She still had seven more days and eight nights with us. We showered first, then made food, giving them some time to play. While the bacon was crisping in the pan, Julia hugged me tight, kissed me and asked if I'd enjoyed my sister's visit so far.

"You know I have."

"Good. I'm glad, sir."

"You're a remarkably giving woman, Julia. I don't know if anyone else comes anywhere close."

She smiled at me. "I'm glad you find me pleasing, Master. Since the baby makes having sex with you less frequent and energetic, I'm happy I've discovered new ways to give you pleasure."

Occasionally, we'd hear sounds from the bedroom indicating how successful Cindy was in her seductions. Doing fairly well from the sounds of it. I retrieved them from the bedroom when the food was on the table. 

"Don't wipe your face, Cindy. Let Domina witness how successful you were in practicing her instructions."

"Yes, Master."

After brunch, I went down to the basement to see how Shasta was doing while the slaves cleaned up. She'd gotten remarkably far with the construction. I knew she'd received some help, but I'm sure she'd done it mostly on her own. It looked good, too, maybe the best piece of work I'd seen done. There was some loving detail to the work.

"You're doing good work, Shasta," I said. "You should be proud of it."

"I am, Scott."

"Mr. Thornhill will appreciate the attention to detail."

"Thank you. The biggest issue is waiting for things to dry before I can proceed to the next step." She paused a moment. "I'm sorry for watching last night. I don't know what got into me. Please accept my apologies. I was rude."

I laughed. "I hate to say it, but we're kind of used to having sex in front of other people. It doesn't bother us anymore."

"I noticed. From the beginning, no one's been particularly shy. Still, asking to watch, I'm ashamed of myself."

"None of us were bothered, so don't be too hard on yourself. I only wish you could know the pleasures of love with someone. It would be unfortunate if you go the rest of your life without feeling the closeness of sex with a loved one."

"Are you offering?" she asked. 

She didn't seem nearly as antagonistic as she usually did if she thought you might be coming on to her. She even smiled a little as she said it.

I smiled back. "Do you consider me a loved one?"

"No," she laughed, "not in that way. I respect you more than most of the men I've ever met, but I don't have feelings. Those seem pretty dead to me except for my Momma and son."

"Then, I'm not offering. I wouldn't anyway," I replied.

"It's one of the things I respect. You've never pushed for anything, never came on to me; not even before my accident when I was prettier and thinner. Never let the other men do it either, shutting them down if they tried it."

"You're still pretty now. The scars are unfortunate, but I see the person beneath them, untouched by those scars, though you carry others not so visible. We'll get the physical scars addressed. The emotional scars are harder to deal with."

"How come Julia and Lisa don't seem bothered as much as most people who've been raped?"

"I don't know for certain. My suspicion is for Lisa, it was the fact it was her ex-husband. It would have been worse if it was a total stranger who forced her. Not that it wasn't bad anyway, but not as bad as it might have been. For Julia, she was unconscious for it. She bumped her head bad when he knocked her down. My guess is she missed most of it, the worst of the feelings, the worst of the physical stuff. She knows it happened, but didn't have to live it. Plus, it was only one person, not as bad as you went through. They didn't become pregnant as a result. They don't have to live with a part of their rapist forever. You have to be very strong, like you, to go through that. And they had each other to lean on.

"I think it also helped I didn't treat them any differently after it happened. They were exactly the same as they'd always been; not tarnished or ruined by what they went through. I might have reacted worse if I hadn't already let them be with other men as a part of their slavery. Given I'd allowed them sex with other men, it seemed foolish to think they were soiled by having sex with a man I hadn't let them have sex with.

"The last thing which might have eased their pain is they didn't have time to ruminate over it. He continued to be a danger and they had no time to wallow in their misery. Of course, Lucia was here, who'd gone through worse, and they could rely on her to lean on, but they also received justice for their violation much faster. He's dead, killed for his crimes. No arrest, no trials, no testifying and reliving it again. They don't ever have to worry about him coming back and doing it a second time. Not like you. Your rapists are still out there. You probably never feel completely safe."

"No, I never do. If I could move out of that neighborhood, I'd do it in a heartbeat."

Knowing she would be able to move much sooner than she ever expected made me real warm inside. I wanted to make sure we got the house built as soon as we had a place to build it. I'd call Thornhill's business manager on Monday and let him know to buy a lot far from her current neighborhood.

"Thanks. You've been very kind. I guess I don't feel as much like a peeping Tom as I did," Shasta said. "It was exciting to watch, as I'm sure you realize. I was quite the bad girl."

I ignored her embarrassment. "We'll get this shipped off to Mr. Thornhill as soon as it's ready. I'll make sure he knows how hard you worked on it."

"Thank you."

I went back upstairs. Cindy was seated between Julia's legs with hers thrown over the arms of the chair. Julia was kissing her neck and playing with her breasts, while Lisa was lapping at her folds. Rhonda was masturbating herself. Cindy's back was arched and she was cumming, moaning loudly.

"That's the second time she's cum without permission, Master. I think we'll punish her tonight when your parents are here. Perhaps Master Dan will enjoy paddling her naked bottom?"

Cindy's orgasm seemed to get stronger. I got hard.

They continued long enough for Cindy to cum again, then stopped.

"The three of you need to shower," Julia told the other three slaves. "I'd like Rhonda and Lisa to go out and buy some groceries for tonights dinner with Master's parents. I made a list. I need to lie down for awhile. Do me a favor and call before you come home in case I forgot anything."

"Yes, Domina," Rhonda said.

"What do you need us to do?" I asked. 

"The house is still pretty clean from our Christmas cleaning. I'm sure there must be a college football bowl game or NFL game for you to watch."

"Really?" I asked. "I get to watch football?"

"You are our Master," I said. "You have four slaves working to keep the house clean."

The three slaves showered and I turned on the TV, flipping it to an NFL game, settling back to watch. Lisa and Rhonda came out dressed and headed out to shop. As soon as they were gone, Julia turned off the game.

"Hey," I protested. "I'm watching that."

"Forget football, Master," Julia hissed. "For one time only, I'm going to let you fuck her cunt. This will likely be your only chance with a nearly empty house. We'll lock the door so even Shasta can't get in the bedroom. Cindy told me she's on birth control and can't get pregnant. You only have while they're out shopping to fuck her. Get going. I'll critique. When they call, you go back to your football game and Cindy will stay in the bed with me. She can start licking my cunt or rubbing my back or something innocuous. Let's go. They won't be gone that long. Hardly long enough for a proper fucking."

Cindy and I looked at each other. I wondered if she'd protest. Cindy took my hand and led me to the bedroom. My cock was hard before we reached it. Julia closed and locked the door.

So we adjourned to the bedroom and my wife watched me slide my cock into Cindy's moist cavern. Fondled my balls as I thrust deep inside my sister, going slowly to start, then slowly speeding up. Cindy orgasmed and I felt her sheath tighten around my cock, her body arching against mine as she throbbed around me. I sped up faster, conscious of the ticking clock, the limited time I had to take advantage of this gift, though I could easily spend all day buried in my sister's slit. She climaxed a couple more times, as entranced to be fucking me as I was to fuck her. I smothered the loudest of Cindy's moans with my mouth, kissing her like the lover I was, not the brother I should be. I groaned gutturally when I felt the rush of cum speed up my shaft, gush wildly into her womb. I must have pulsed for over a minute, emptying my balls. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
"Now clean each other off," Julia said. "Don't get him hard again, slave. He's watching football, remember."

We were mostly done when Julia received the phone call, some of my cum still slowly leaking from Cindy's cunt. 

"No, I think we have everything we needed," Julia said. "I can't think of anything I left off the list. Hurry home."

She handed me a towel. "Dry off your cock and go back to your game, Master," she said. "I'll finish cleaning Cindy. I hope you enjoyed yourselves."

"Yes, Domina, thank you," Cindy panted.

I kissed Julia. "You're my everything, slave."

"Thank you, Master."

I returned to the football game and had time to catch up on the scores before the others got home.

"Where's Cindy?" Lisa asked.

"In the bedroom with Julia, either rubbing her back or licking her cunt," I replied. "Do you need help putting the food away?"

"No, Master," Lisa replied. "If you're inclined to help; you could snap the green beans. Julia found a recipe for green beans stir fried in hot oil in the wok with sliced lemons which sounds delicious. You won't even need to move from your football game." 

"Bring it on," I replied. "Keep me from getting bored." Heaven knows that was a real problem for me.

******

JULIA

We prepared rosemary sprinkled rack of lamb, roasted red potatoes with dried Lipton onion soup sprinkled on and lemon green beans wok fried with chocolate cream pie for dessert. Shasta left at five. 

"I have presents for each of you," I said to the other three slaves, before Master's parents arrived.

"Why give us presents now?" Lisa asked. "We just had Christmas."

"Because these were gifts suitable for naked slave girls, and you couldn't be naked slave girls on Christmas, so I saved them for a special occasion."

I handed out three small packages. 

"I didn't know you were going to be a naked slave girl, Cindy, but you'd already decided to stay here and remain naked like the rest of us when I purchased this, so I think this will be appropriate anyway. Please open them. You're to wear them tonight for our guests. Cindy, expect to be used and to perform in front of your parents."

"Why do you want me used in front of my parents, Domina?"

"Because as a slave, you have no right to privacy, no right to be spared humiliation, no rights at all except to be an obedient and pleasing slave girl. If you're going to choose to be a sex slave, you might as well learn this lesson quickly. You can always choose not to be a sex slave; but if you choose to be one, expect to be used as one."

Each of them hugged me and thanked me, then tore open their gifts. For Lisa and Rhonda, who'd both been pierced, I had purchased nipple and pussy jewelry. Lisa's jewelry consisted of a two twinned badges which dangled from her pussy piercing identifying her as 'Property of Scott', and the second said 'Sister Slave of Julia'. It also contained a chain which went from one nipple to the other with small cuffs dangling from either side. Rhonda had two gold breast shields which were held in place with her nipple piercing and her cunt badge said, 'Julia's Sex Slave'. Both of the dangling cunt badges easily clipped to the hoop piercing and could be removed for things like travel and going out, and for Rhonda, work. 

I gave Cindy a body chain which fastened around her waist slung low over the hips. The remaining chain dangled down brushing her mons nearly to her cleft. 

"Master, since Lisa is your slave, you should fasten this to her pussy hoop. It clips to it right here." I showed him the clip.

He knelt down and fastened it on, kissing her cunt when he finished. I had Rhonda display and fastened hers. 

"You don't have permission to cum, slave," I said, before inserting two fingers into her cunt and finger fucking her. 

She tried to hold out, but in a few minutes she was gasping and panting, her cunt a steamy cauldron of desire and need and she climaxed despite her best resistance. 

"Now we have two slaves who need to be punished tonight," I said.

"Yes, Domina," Rhonda panted, "I'm sorry."

"We could make it three," Master said to me.

"Whatever you desire, Master," I smiled back at him.

Master put on Cindy's body chain. She looked good in slave jewelry. We still had various suspension and bondage points scattered around the house from when my slavery first began. We attached Cindy to one in the living room that usually had a potted plant hanging in a macrame holder. She was put in a spreader bar to keep her legs apart. Rhonda was fastened in a doorway. That's where they were when Master's parents arrived, all four of us nude. We'd toned down how much we showed to Master's parents since Memorial Day. We'd been naked on occasion, but not blatantly Master/slaves since then. Cindy had been nude the first night her parents came over, so this wouldn't be the first time Dan and Sandy viewed her naked at our house, but it was the first time they'd see her as a naked slave. 

They came in, hugging Lisa, Master and I, not noticing the other two until they came further into the house. Master Dan's eyebrows went up and he scowled.

"Cindy said she discussed her desire to explore her submissiveness with you the day after Christmas," I asked Dan. "Did she lie?"

"She discussed it with me," Sandy interjected. "I hadn't discussed it with her father yet. Don't be so surprised, Dan. I was submissive, your son is a Dominant. Why should it be a surprise your daughter wishes to explore her submissiveness?"

"With her brother?" Dan said.

"Strictly speaking, sir," I said, "while Master is the head of the household; Cindy's submissiveness is towards the rest of us. Cindy believes she will be seeking a Mistress if she determines her submissiveness is something she decides to continue pursuing. Master has only punished her." 

I didn't think it appropriate to discuss the other things we'd done. It may have been legal, but it wouldn't necessarily have made it right in their parents eyes.

"I thought Cindy had only dated men?" Dan said.

"She has previously, though she never felt at ease with men. She believes it to be the reason she never settled down and married," Sandy said. "When she had sex with Rhonda and Lisa here, she realized she may not care for men as much as she does women."

Dan looked at Cindy, "Is this true?"

"Yes, Daddy." 

"How are you to address him, slave?" I asked.

"I'm sorry, Domina. Yes, Master Dan. I care more for women."

Dan visibly relaxed a little. He didn't particularly care if Cindy might be lesbian or bi-sexual as much as he'd been concerned she was having sex with her brother. That would forever remain our little secret. 

"She won't be able to give us grandchildren," he mused.

"That's not true, Master Dan," I said. "Lesbians are having children. You've met some who are. Lucia and Zoe are both pregnant and lesbian. In fact, we should tell you Lucia's child is Scott's. She was here for treatment and Scott was going to provide sperm for her clinical impregnation. As it turns out, she was lucky enough to conceive the old fashioned way. The child is nominally her Mistress's child and will be raised in LA, but Master is the father."

That was news to both of them. The circle of people who knew to this point was rather small. We hadn't really discussed if or when we'd tell his parents, but I felt comfortable in telling them now. They looked to Master for confirmation.

"It's true," he said.

"What? When? Why didn't you tell us?" Dan asked.

"Her sperm donor lives in LA. It would be more convenient for her having a local donor. After she saved our lives and the life of my child," I replied, "I would refuse her nothing. She could have Master's sperm and I didn't care how she received it. So not only do you have one grandchild on the way; you have two." 

"Will we be able to see our grandchild?" Sandy asked.

"We'll all be able to see the baby," Master replied. "They're good friends and we expect to see them on a regular basis, both here in Fresno and in LA."

"And you don't care Scott had sex with another woman?" Sandy asked.

"Sandy, look at us," I explained. "Master is having regular sex with three different women now. Every time we're not around, I've arranged for other slaves to see to his needs. I don't care. Lisa doesn't care. Rhonda could care less who Master has sex with, as long as she can have sex with women. I'm happy Master gave Lucia a child. He could give her ten more if she wanted them. Lisa will have children with him, maybe Rhonda if she ever decides to have children. Cindy can have children if she wants to. You'll have as many grandchildren as you care to have."

Dan and Sandy went over to their daughter. 

"I have to admit she looks good as a slave," Dan said. "Not unlike you, dear heart." Putting his arm around Sandy.

Sandy hugged her daughter. "How do you like it so far, honey."

"I love it, Miss Sandy."

"You don't have to call me Miss Sandy," she said, "Mother is fine."

"I'm sorry, Sandy, but Cindy is the lowest slave here," I said. "She must address even other slaves as Miss. Even though you're submissive yourself, Sandra, Cindy must learn to properly address her betters, and everyone is her better at the moment." 

"I see. Very well." She patted Cindy's cheek.

"Cindy has earned three punishments for cumming without permission," I said. "She's to be punished after supper, along with Rhonda. I know how capable you are of wielding a paddle, Master Dan. I thought perhaps you'd do the honors."

"Let me think about that. It's my own daughter, slave or not."

"You've punished your wife and daughter-in-law, sir," I reminded him. "Quite briskly as I remember it."

"I recall."

"I'm glad I was memorable, Master Dan. If you choose not to punish the new slave girl, you may punish my slave who is also being punished tonight and I will punish Cindy. Lisa, if you release the two slaves waiting for punishment, we need to sit down for dinner. Rhonda, you will sit on my lap this evening."

"Yes, Domina."

We all sat down for dinner. I fed Rhonda, showing Dan and Sandy her new slave jewelry in the process. Sandy came near for a closer look. 

"This is lovely, Rhonda," she said, fingering the new items. "It looks very attractive on you."

"Thank you, Miss Sandy. Domina is very nice to her slave. Domina gave Lisa new jewelry as well." 

Dan had to check that out. He was reasonably comfortable around her. He'd fucked her Memorial Day.

Of course, I made Rhonda cum a couple times during dinner. Dan looked as if he was becoming uncomfortable in his clothes and Cindy was squirming herself. Master tried to ignore us. Lisa and I were more restrained, having been slaves longer. Watching other slaves cum was still arousing, but not to the point we needed to squirm. 

"Mom and Dad," Master said, "you've been naked in front of us before. The only ones who haven't seen you are Cindy and Rhonda. They're both slaves. If you wish to remove your clothing, it's okay."

They looked at one another and Dan nodded to Sandra and they both removed their clothes. As I'd anticipated by his discomfort, Dan was sporting a growing cock. He was not yet erect, but he was getting there. Sandy was showing some signs of arousal as well. 

To get his mind off my climaxing slave, Dan asked how we made the green beans. Lisa said we added a little lemon zest to hot oil in a wok, added green beans, squeezing some lemon juice on it with thin slices of lemon and cooked through, stirring constantly. It was labor intensive, but very tasty. Also tasty was Rhonda's cum in conjunction with my meal. 

We finished the dinner, cleaning up after, while Master led his parents to the living room, offering a glass of sherry to end the dinner, both of them accepting. When we slaves joined them, I sat between them on the couch. I had Cindy get the punishment implements. When she returned with them, I bent her over my knee. Her pussy was pointing at her mother, which was probably the more preferable to Cindy, but it also meant she was staring at her father's cock. 

"Thirty with my hand, slave, thirty with the Enforcer, and thirty with the whip. We'll string you up for the last two."

"Yes, Domina."

I proceeded to give Cindy a brisk spanking of thirty strokes. Whether it was my spanking or the fact it was occurring in front of her parents, or the overall lewdness of the day, Cindy climaxed before I reached the end, begging to cum and moaning quite nicely for us when she received permission. Dan's and Master's cocks were hard. Master drew Lisa onto his lap to take care of his. 

"Fuck it," Dan exclaimed. "Sandy, on your knees, now."

Sandy smiled at him. "Yes, sir," and got on her knees enveloping his cock in her mouth. Both Dan and Sandy had been active at the Memorial Day party, pretty much fucking anyone available to be fucked who wasn't me. Though they hadn't discussed it, it seemed as if it were the first time they'd allowed themselves to have sex with other people. All of their previous submissive play between themselves. Sandy had even had sex with Ron, and they'd managed to adapt. It was the first time we'd seen them have sex with each other. Sandy was apparently well trained. Despite Dan being every bit as large as his son, Sandy was able to swallow all of him. In five minutes, she was draining his balls, not losing a drop. I noticed the interest with which Cindy watched her mother suck her father, all within eighteen inches of her head. 

"Do you need to cum again, slave," I whispered.

"Yes, Domina," Cindy moaned. 

"You have my permission," I said.

I stroked and played with her pussy as her parents had sex in front of her and when Dan drove his cock down Sandy's throat to cum, Cindy was right with him, moaning in counterpoint to her father's throaty growl. I strung her back up from her previous suspension point with her leg spreader on, some of her fluids running down her legs since no one had cleaned her up. Master had emptied himself in Lisa's cunt, and she cleaned up after herself while Rhonda cleaned her.

"Master Dan," I said, "Rhonda still needs to be spanked. Would you like to spank her while she pleasures Sandra?"

"Dear, would you like this beautiful, black sex slave to lick your sweet cunt?" Dan asked.

"Yes, sir." Falling easily into the slave role and I wondered if their play had increased since my slavery started.

"Sit on the couch, Sandra. You're getting too old to stay on your knees for long. Rhonda will take care of you."

Sandy sat down and spread her legs, Rhonda going between them.

"Your punishment will increase if you don't take care of Miss Sandy during your punishment," I said.

"Yes, Domina."

I knew how hard Dan could spank, so I wondered if Rhonda would have difficulty with her concentration. Apparently, she had no problem with his hand as Sandy didn't voice a word of complaint, instead cumming twice. At the end of her thirty by hand, I handed Dan the Enforcer.

"Thirty more, Master Daniel. If you need to cum, slave, you have my permission."

"Thank you, Domina."

Rhonda did cum once during her paddling. Sandy orgasmed twice more. Rhonda is a very talented cunt licker. Dan was getting hard again.

"Master Dan," I said when he finished, "Rhonda doesn't have to fuck men other than Master in respect for her sexual orientation, but she is required to suck any cocks I wish her to. Would you like her to suck yours?"

"Please," he said. He sat down next to his wife and Rhonda moved over to him and took care of his cock. They held hands as the lovely black slave emptied his balls.

His sack drained and cock quiescent again, I offered him the Enforcer. "Cindy still needs to be paddled and whipped. Perhaps once she's no longer over your lap, you might feel comfortable paddling her?"

Dan took the paddle and approached his little girl. "Christ! I haven't given you a spanking since you were little and even then, you wore clothes," he said.

"I need to be punished, Master Dan. I'd like to get it over with, sir."

He stood behind her lovely bottom with the paddle in his hand. 

"Go ahead, sir," Sandy urged. "Slaves need to be punished if they misbehave."

Almost all the redness from my spanking had faded, faint tinges of pink still showing. Lisa was sucking Master's cock as they waited for Dan to smack Cindy's bottom. Dan began her spanking. Before he'd reached the halfway point, Cindy asked permission to cum. Dan paused, unsure what to do.

"It will help her withstand the spanking, Master Dan," I said. "Give her permission to cum." 

Dan stood there for half a minute, undecided. "I can't do it," he said. "I can't give my daughter an orgasm." 

He handed me the Enforcer. "You need to finish it up."

"Yes, sir." I went over to the new slave. I had no such compunctions anymore. "You have permission to cum, slave," I said.

I resumed her spanking and in five strokes, Cindy started climaxing, moaning. I reversed the paddle and pushed it up her twat, extending and increasing her pleasure. Cindy was practically dancing as she dangled. When her orgasm ended, I finished the rest of her paddling. 

The whip still remained. Since Cindy had demonstrated her ability to cum when whipped as well, I didn't bother asking Dan if he wanted to finish her up. Dan might have the same sort of problems with Master making her cum as he did himself and neither Rhonda or Lisa enjoyed punishing slaves the way Dominant's did, so I did her whipping as well. As expected, Cindy climaxed again, moaning and twitching. Dan bent Sandy over the back of the couch and plunged into her. I imagined it wasn't every day he needed to cum three times over the course of an evening. Nor did it take overly long before he was expelling his cum into her. Like a good slave, even one no longer a regular submissive, she cleaned her Master's cock afterward. I had Rhonda clean Dan's cum from Sandy.

As I was the only one who hadn't cum this evening, I sat in the other easy chair and had Cindy take care of me.

Sandy said, "You've all really taken to this Dominance/submission thing, haven't you."

"We have, Sandra," Lisa said. "Julia dreamed about it for a long time and leaped into it when given the opportunity. I came to it through her and accept this is the way to do it. I know we'll have to tone it down after the baby's born, but we're all comfortable with the way things are."

"How much do you miss it?" I asked.

"Not that much anymore," Sandy replied. "Since Memorial Day, we've kind of resumed our practice of it. Not as intensely as before, but more frequently since the kids are all gone, and you know we've done it in the past. No more reason to keep it a secret."

Cindy stopped licking me to ask, "What happened on Memorial Day? It sounds as if it was momentous, but no one's talked to me about it."

Rhonda hadn't heard about it either. I looked at Master and he asked his parents if we could discuss it with Cindy. When they agreed the time had come, Master asked me to tell the story. I told Cindy since she wasn't going to lick me while I told the story, she could sit in my lap and masturbate for our guests. I waited until she was properly positioned with her legs over the arms of the lounger and her pussy opened to her parents, and started to masturbate. She was given permission to cum as needed. 

I recounted the story of Memorial Day. Who was there, what activities Master had arranged and who did what to whom. Cindy heard me tell of her parents having sex with slaves; her Mother with both male and female slaves. She heard both of them had sex with Lisa. We were only four minutes into the telling when Cindy climaxed the first time. She orgasmed four more times before the story was told. 

"Oh, damn, that's so fucking hot, Domina," Cindy moaned, climaxing for the fifth time. "I wish I'd been there."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 6|
--------------------------------------------
"If you decided to remain a slave past tonight, you'll probably be sold as a slave at Master's Thursday night poker game for the winning player's enjoyment," I said. "That was the last thing we did that day. Every slave was sold and used twice, once by more than one player."

"Miss Sandy," Cindy asked her mother, "have you ever been fucked by more than one person at a time?"

"No, dear. Have you?"

"Rhonda and Lisa both fucked me with strapless dildos on Thursday night. Master Scott and I did the same to Rhonda last night." 

"Now you've heard the story, I want you to start licking me again," I said. "You may keep masturbating."

So Cindy licked me while she touched herself, her bottom facing her parents. It wasn't long before Dan was fucking Sandy again and Master was doing Rhonda. After both men climaxed, the two women dropped down to clean the cock which fucked them. Lisa cleaned both the women. 

"I need to leave now or I'll have a heart attack," Dan said. "Another great dinner party, son."

After they left, I asked Cindy if she'd been aroused by having her parents there while she was used.

"Yes, Domina."

"I assume from your response you wish to continue your training with Mistress Dark?"

"Please, Domina."

"Master, if you could please call MD and make arrangements for Cindy to start her training, we can go to bed."

*****
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 45|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-45|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<i>This is the second part of Cindy's stay at Scott and Julia's house before she needs to stay. It contains oral, anal, lesbian, interracial, and taboo sex. She goes to Mistress Dark for slave training and serves the poker game when she returns. If those subjects bother you, you're forewarned. STD's don't exist in this fantasy world and slave transports such as that used by Mistress Dark would not be safe in the event of a car accident. Enjoy.</i>

<b>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 45 - Cindy's Visit, part 2 </b>

SCOTT

Surprised wouldn't begin to describe how I felt when my parents started to participate in the evening's activities. I didn't know what to attribute it to. Participation so Cindy wouldn't feel so alone working as a slave tonight? Julia even allowed Rhonda to suck Dad's cock. It sounded as if Mom and Dad played around more frequently with Dominance and submission after Memorial Day. I wasn't sure why they'd stopped in the first place. Was it strictly their age? Both were in their mid-fifties now. Would I eventually want to stop having my slaves serve me as I got older? Had life get in the way? Initially, I knew it had been a part-time thing because of the children, Dad not wanting his children to look at their mother as anything else but their mother. Now we were both grown and out of the house. 

Julia had Cindy start to lick her after everyone was punished. I didn't blame her; she was the only one who hadn't cum at the time, but it really exposed Cindy as a real slave. When Cindy asked about Memorial Day, my parents and I were suddenly confronted with sharing some very intimate stuff with our daughter/sister, but considering what she was currently doing, how much difference would it make. If she was going to become a submissive sex slave herself, there wouldn't be much she wouldn't end up doing. What we told her meant nothing in the grand scheme of things. 

I conferred briefly with my parents and we decided to tell all. I told Julia to tell Cindy what had happened. As Julia told the story, she had Cindy expose herself to our parents and masturbate. I imagine it was to humiliate her in front of her parents, letting her know as a slave, she had no control over what occurred to her, although it appeared to stimulate her as well. It would have been tremendously embarrassed to be the only one who became aroused by my sister masturbating for us, but fortunately, everyone was aroused listening to Julia's retelling of the days events from her slave's perspective. My father's cock was as hard as mine. Rhonda was fired up by it, asking for her Domina's permission to masturbate and cum as the story was told. 

Cindy learned our parents fucked other people during that momentous day, her Mom both men and women. She realized she wasn't the only female in the family with a kinky bent.

After they left, Julia asked Cindy if she still wanted to be a slave. She said yes, and Julia told me to make arrangements with Mistress Dark for her to start her training.

I called. Slut answered, wishing us a Merry Christmas before putting me on with Mistress Dark.

"Merry Christmas, Michelle. How are you?"

"Fine, Scott. How are you and your lovelies?"

"Very good, Michelle. My sister, Cindy, is inclined to believe she might have a submissive side and would like to undergo slave training for a few days."

"For you?" Shock in her voice.

"No, she indicates she'll probably seek a Mistress when all is said and done."

"My favorite kind to train," Mistress Dark laughed.

"Not locally though. She lives in North Carolina for the moment, but is thinking of moving to one of the larger California cities."

"Is she as pretty as you are handsome?" She asked.

"There's a similarity in appearance to Julia, I guess. Everyone seems to think so."

"Do you want to bring her or shall I send someone to pick her up?"

"If you send someone tomorrow, Julia has some finished product to pick up."

"Full slave transport?"

"She's been practicing for a couple days. I'm sure she can handle it."

Mistress Dark paused. "Are you able to talk freely?" She asked.

"Not really."

"I may have a line on the other item you asked about a while back. Not sure yet. Are you still interested?"

"I haven't made up my mind. I'm still considering it."

"I'll send you details. You can give me more information of what you're looking for. Maybe I'll come pick her up tomorrow myself and we'll have a moment or two to talk in person."

"I'll be here."

"Give everyone a kiss for me, you know where."

I laughed. "I'll do that. See you tomorrow then."

After hanging up, Julia asked, "What haven't you made your mind up about yet?"

"A surprise I'm considering."

"What surprise?"

I looked at her, exasperated. "If I tell you, it won't be a surprise. And if I decide not to do it, you will be disappointed. If and when I decide, you can be surprised."

We all went to bed. Five people actually made it crowded. Perhaps because she'd let us fuck earlier while the others were out shopping, Julia didn't allow Cindy close to me. It wouldn't do for me to penetrate her in our sleep as I was wont to do with my own slaves. Cindy spent the night snuggling with Rhonda. Lisa and Julia snuggled with me. I didn't think I'd could possibly have any juice left in me, but all I had to do was remember what happened this evening and I had enough left for Julia to ride me while Lisa nibbled my nuggets. When I finally exploded in her cunt, Lisa licked us both clean, Rhonda and Cindy cumming beside us, the sounds of their pleasure enhancing my orgasm.

******

When Mistress Dark arrived, she inspected Cindy, making her display. Rose was with her. She wasn't naked, one of the very few times I'd seen her with clothing. Rose oohed and aahed as she walked around inspecting the slave trainee. 

"We're going to have a lot of fun, Cindy," Rose said. "I can't wait until you eat me."

Cindy blushed, still not with the lack of shame possessed by a full slave.

"Let's see what you know so far," MD said. "Lick my cunt. Rose play with her pussy and let's see how good her concentration is." 

She sat down in the chair and spread her legs, pulling her leather bottom aside for Cindy to pleasure her. While Cindy licked Mistress Dark, Rose did everything she could do to distract her. She even gave her a climax but Cindy did well and MD recognized it.

"You've been working with her, Julia?"

"Yes, Mistress. A couple days. Since Thursday night."

"You've done excellent work. Not bad for a switch."

I asked the slaves to bring up the finished product in the basement and load it in the van. They dressed in clothing for going outside and brought up a king size bed frame and a bondage piece, one of the original pieces I designed in several trips, putting it in Michelle's van. 

While they were doing it, Mistress Dark spoke to me in private.

"Why are you interested in a male slave, Scott?"

"I was thinking of getting a male slave the women could fuck but would be under my control. I'd keep him in a cock cage only I could release him from when I was home and could ensure he wasn't doing more than I wanted him to. Kind of a present for Lisa and Julia for all they've done for me."

"Would he only be fucking women or should he be prepared to fuck men too?"

"I wasn't planning on fucking him, but I suppose there might be a situation where he was fucking one."

"So you want someone female centric, but not adamantly opposed to dick?"

"I guess."

"Why are you thinking of a male slave and what's the deciding factor in your decision?"

"The guilt I expressed for how much more giving they are than me. I don't want them fucking other men, but a slave might be a possibility both because he'd be submissive and under my total control."

"Total control is a misnomer. Just because he's wearing a cock cage doesn't mean he's incapable of using his mouth and fingers on your slaves unless you cage him while you're gone. Locking him up for nine or more hours a day five days a week would be a non-starter for most slaves, if done for no particular reason but you don't want him touching your female slaves while you're gone. The guy I'm looking at is probably more interested in a Mistress. He's not homosexual, so he's not looking for a Master, but if you're mostly interested in using him for your slaves, he might consider submitting to you. Julia has got the skills to keep him in line while you're gone."

"I'm not sure she can be Dominant to a male, even a submissive one. Could he work in their furniture business?"

"He's got a job, but I don't believe he's wedded to it. I don't know if he's got transferable skills or you'd be training him from scratch. It's important you make a decision fairly soon." 

"I'll call you in the next couple days."

The finished products had been loaded into MD's van. Only Cindy remained to be loaded in the back. She'd put clothing on to help load the truck. 

"Strip off your clothes, slaves," Mistress Dark ordered.

Rose immediately obeyed. Cindy did not. Mistress Dark's hand flashed out and smacked her bottom, hard.

"Did you not hear me?" She asked. "Remove your clothing this instant."

Cindy began removing her dress, but still questioned, "Aren't we leaving now?

"Yes, and you'll be transported naked. In fact you won't need clothes at all, so don't bother bringing any. Only some toiletries, like hair and toothbrushes, tampons if you're scheduled to start your period, and the like. You needn't bother with make-up either. If you wear anything on your face other than cum, it will be too much. Move. Rose will wait here for you."

Mistress Dark went out to her van and opened the back doors.

Cindy removed her dress and handed it to me, quickly grabbed what few things she was being allowed in a small paper bag and joined Rose, waiting by the door to the garage. I went with, kissing her, and urging her to enjoy her new found slavery. I opened the car door to the garage and Rose and Cindy went to the open van doors, climbing in. Mistress Dark locked Rose into her transporter, dildos in all three holes, so Cindy could see how it was done. Cindy was locked in next.

"If you suck on the cock in your mouth, you'll get fresh water to drink," Mistress Dark said. "It's roughly a half hour ride. Make a fist twice if you understand."

Cindy made a fist, unable to speak. 

"I'll return her Thursday morning, Scott. She'll be an obedient little slut when she returns."

"I'm sure the women will enjoy her." Shit! I would too.

******

JULIA

Shasta arrived after Mistress Dark left with Cindy. I asked for Master's permission for Lisa and I to help her for a few hours. I said he could use Rhonda if he still wanted sex. We'd exhausted him quite heavily last night. Even Dan had done better than I expected. I suppose incest was so taboo, it was arousing, even when you didn't actually contemplate doing anything about it. I made sure Cindy was prominently displayed to her family and everyone had responded by fucking like minks. I shouldn't be surprised. I'd had the same feelings myself when I'd fucked in front of my parents.

"We'll be able to ship this out to Mr. Thornhill tomorrow after it dries," I told Shasta, after we put on the last coat of varnish. "He'll be pleased. You can make an appointment for your plastic surgery now. Have you picked someone to do the work?"

"I have. I'll call tomorrow to get an appointment. I'll need to miss some work, Julia, for the surgery."

"Of course. You'll be paid while you're gone. Since you'll lose work anyway, why don't you consider starting some counseling while you're out. I really do think it would be good for you."

"I may try, thank you. Would it be okay if I stay awhile, go swimming; maybe soak in the hot tub?"

"You're always welcome, Shasta," Lisa said. "Did you bring a swimsuit?"

"I'm going to try going nude again today. I do enjoy it."

"It is freeing, isn't it," I said.

"Yes. Where's Scott's sister today? Visiting her parents?"

"No. She's undergoing slave training with a friend of ours. She wants to become a sex slave like us. She'll be seeking a Mistress when she's done, someplace in California."

"I don't understand women who want to be with other women. It doesn't compute for me. Even you, Lisa and Rhonda have Scott. You're not with other women all the time."

Lisa laughed. "I felt the same way before I started having sex with women. Couldn't understand why anyone would want anything other than a thick cock filling your cunt. I got over it when I realized I wouldn't be getting nearly as much sex as I needed anymore if I had to depend on Scott alone. Being a sex slave makes me crave fucking so much; having to share one man three ways wouldn't be enough. I went from practically no sex to multiple orgasms a day and wanting more. I can see why Julia was intrigued by reverse harem novels. Multiple cocks to fuck you and not a cunt in sight."

"It's not as though I don't enjoy your cunt, Lisa. I doubt I'd ever want to be without it anymore," I said.

"And I yours. Let's enjoy the rest of the afternoon in the hot tub. I'll get the beers."

We went upstairs. Lisa got beers and Shasta and I went outside. It looked as though Master and Rhonda had been swimming laps. At the moment, Rhonda was seated on the edge of the pool while Master ate her out. Rhonda was cumming. Master was a good cunt licker and she enjoyed his oral attentions more than his cock. I cranked up the bubbles on the spa and climbed in with Shasta. Master and Rhonda joined us when she'd finished her orgasm.

"Do you want me to put on a swimsuit, Shasta?" Master asked.

"No. It's your house. You should be comfortable in it."

Master climbed in. He had an erection. I wasn't surprised. Going muff diving usually gave him one.

"Lisa's getting cold beers, Master," I said.

"I can only have one," Shasta replied, "since I work tonight."

"I miss being able to drink," I said. "Other than getting fat, ugly and awkward; and taking a vigorous fucking, it's what I miss the most. I don't drink a lot, but an occasional glass of wine or cold beer is nice."

Lisa returned with the beers, four of them, handing one to everyone but me.

"Master has a hard-on," I told Lisa. "Since I fucked him last night, perhaps you'd like to fuck him today."

Lisa looked at Shasta. "Don't mind me," she said. "Just because I don't want to have sex, doesn't mean I still don't like watching."

"She's a grown woman, Master, able to express her mind," I said. "If she wants us to stop, she can tell us to stop."

Master nodded. He sat on the edge of the spa and Lisa mounted him, moaning as his cock penetrated her pussy. I pulled Rhonda close and we began kissing and fingering each other as they fucked. I kept half an eye on Shasta to see if she showed signs of distress. Instead she began touching herself, not distressed in the slightest; more aroused than anything. Each time Lisa orgasmed, Shasta wasn't far behind. When Master climaxed, pumping her full of his cream, Shasta had a very powerful orgasm, choking back her screams with great difficulty. It was easy to see Shasta had the same needs and desires we did, but couldn't express them with another person. I cleaned Master after and Rhonda took care of Lisa. Then we just sat back and enjoyed the warmth of the spa and the cold beers, except for me.

"Have you decided on a name for the baby yet, Julia," Shasta asked.

"We should finalize it," I said to the others. "It's getting close and we shouldn't decide at the last minute. I'm for Luke after Lucia. What about the rest of you?"

"I was kind of hoping to name it after my Dad," Master said. "I know why you want to name him after Lucia though, and I could live with it."

"Why not go with both," Lisa said. "Luke Daniel Rivers?"

"I don't like Luke Daniel. It doesn't sound right," I said. "Too much like double first names. A less hillbilly form of Jim Bob or something."

"Why not Lucas Daniel?" Shasta suggested. "Not quite as Jim Bob, and you can still call him Luke or Danny for short."

"Lucas Daniel," I said, testing it on the tongue. "I like Lucas Daniel. Master?"

"Lucas Daniel it is," Master replied. "Thank you, Shasta."

******

Shasta included a personal note to William and Evelyn Thornhill when we shipped his bed out the next day, two day shipping due to the weight. She also mailed thank you notes to each of the people who gave her money for her surgery. She told them William Thornhill was paying for all of her surgery and he'd suggested the balance of the money go to an education fund for her son, but she'd return the money to anyone who wanted or needed it back. We told her she could keep the money we'd provided and I sent an email to Brianna and Zoe explaining what had happened and telling them Shasta would send the money back since it was given for surgery and she didn't need it anymore. I also said that Master's sister, Cindy, was undergoing slave training and would likely be looking for a Mistress in Los Angeles, San Francisco or San Diego when she moved from North Carolina. I asked Brianna to consider who Cindy might seek as her Dominant in one of those cities. 

I received a reply an hour later. Brianna said everyone agreed that Shasta could keep the money they'd provided and use it in a trust fund for her son. She said Sam was doing the same for all of their children, and would be happy to invest it for Cedric as well if she didn't have anyone locally. I told Shasta she could keep all the money and a friend of ours would invest it for her to help it grow for college. I received another text shortly afterward. 

Would Cindy consider me as a Mistress if she moved to Los Angeles, Julia?

She became aroused at the thought of fucking Zoe like I do, Mistress Brianna. She spied on Scott and Zoe having sex a few times when they were dating. I suspect she'd enjoy being your slave. If we could have your permission to come down this Friday and Saturday, she could explore the possibility. She has tickets to fly out of Fresno on Sunday.

Bring her luggage. I'll get her tickets out of LA instead, so you can stay longer.

I'll check with Master. If it's okay with him, expect to see us on Friday. Perhaps we can leave early.

Let me know.

Yes, Mistress.

I called Master and explained the situation. 

"I'll have Jerry take over Friday afternoon," he said. "We can leave at lunch time. I'll let my parents know about the change of plans."

"Yes, Master. Perhaps we can check with Brianna and invite your parents so they have a chance to say goodbye to Cindy. Otherwise, they won't see her again this trip. Since Lucia is carrying your child, it will give them an opportunity to get to know her." 

"We won't all fit in the car, but we could take two," Master said thoughtfully. "Please ask her if it's okay."

I texted Brianna again. Cindy won't have an opportunity to see her parents again this trip if they can't come with us. I think they'd also enjoy the opportunity to get to know Lucia better since we told them she's carrying Master's child. Would it be possible for them to come this weekend as well?

We can make accommodation for them this weekend. It will be snug, but doable. William Thornhill and his wife are still staying with us. He'll be here until mid-January, looking for property in LA for his new house. Do they understand the situation here?

William Thornhill, still in LA. I wondered what Master would think of that? 

Scott's father, Dan, was a part time Dominant and his wife, Sandy, was his submissive. We are nude around them all the time. They won't be shocked. I'll let everyone know you're in agreement Master's parents can come, Mistress. We'll be leaving here around lunch time. Expect us around supper. Thank you.

You're welcome. See you Friday.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
I called Master and told him his parents could come. I also told him William Thornhill was staying there while looking for property for his new house in LA. Master was silent at the news. 

Finally, he said, "I'll let my parents know and tell them to be here Friday at noon for the trip to LA."

"Yes, sir."

Going downstairs, I told Lisa we were going to LA on Friday at noon so Cindy could meet Brianna and explore her as a possible Mistress. We'd be returning on Sunday. I also told her William Thornhill was staying there. Shasta's ears pricked up. 

"Mr. Thornhill in LA right now where you're going?"

"Yes."

"Can I come too?"

"I'm not sure Brianna's going to have room, Shasta. Master's parents are going to be coming as well. I understand it's going to be crowded with all the extra people."

"I don't need a room. I can get a motel, or sleep in the car. Give me a chance to say thanks in person to all the people who help me, don't even know me."

"If you don't mind sharing a bed with someone, it's probably not necessary you sleep in the car."

"I don't need to have sex with anyone, right?"

"Never without your consent. As slaves, we must do many things for our Dominants, but it is never without consent. It is the most crucial part of our slavery."

"I can go then?"

"I'll let Brianna know you're coming."

I texted Brianna once more to let her know Shasta was coming. She let me know everyone would be delighted to meet her.

This was going to be an unusual visit.

******

SCOTT

I called Thornhill's business manager on Monday and told him Shasta was eager to move out of her current neighborhood because her rapists still lived in her neighborhood and gave him two or three sections of the town which weren't outrageously expensive but far from her current neighborhood. He said he'd find something as fast as he could.

Then Julia called and said Brianna was eager to meet Cindy to see if they'd be compatible and wondered if we could visit this weekend before Cindy left. It sounded great to me and I eagerly agreed. Then she told me the Thornhill's would be there at the same time. 

Once again I was faced with the potential fallout from my own big mouth. Feeling incredibly grateful towards Julia for her generous spirit in conniving to provide what opportunities she could to have stolen moments with Cindy and the overwhelming generosity of William Thornhill towards Shasta, I'd blurted out she would have been surprised if she asked me to suck his cock.

After agreeing to build his house for him, I'd assumed there might come a time when I'd have to pay the piper for my rash words, but this weekend was not when I was prepared for it. I doubt she'd forgotten what I told her, otherwise, why bother telling me he was staying there with his wife. She was letting me prepare myself. I could always say no, change my mind, say I wasn't ready yet and Julia wouldn't say a peep about it. The lack of recrimination on her part wouldn't ease the disgust I'd feel for myself if I said no.

I felt like shit now and she hadn't even asked me. My preliminary guilt caused me to do something else I might end up regretting later; I called Mistress Dark to check with her contact and see if he'd accept submission to me and if he would, to set up an interview with him next Monday after our trip to LA. She told me she'd let me know. 

The next few days went easier for me, though several items were in the back of my mind. Both Julia and I gave our workers a half day off on New Year's Eve day. I took them out that night, Luigi's, which is a tradition which Julia and I started several years before. My one regret was Cindy wasn't with us, still undergoing training at Mistress Dark's. New Year's Eve was a big night for Luigi's and everyone was working, including Sharon. We got seated in her section. Sharon had met Rhonda before, but never as a slave. Julia introduced them. 

"Good evening, Sharon. Happy New Year's. Do you remember Rhonda?"

"The police officer, right?"

"One and the same. She's now my lovely slave girl," Julia said.

Sharon looked around at all of us. "You people are fucking nuts; you know that don't you?"

"I don't feel crazy," I said. "Do any of the rest of you feel a couple bubbles off dead center?"

"Not me," Julia said, giving a quick kiss to Rhonda. "Nor I," Lisa replied. "I just feel very fortunate and happy with my life."

"I'm good," Rhonda said, her kiss over. "Domina told me what you did for her. I feel I should repay you for treating my Domina so kindly."

"No thanks. I'm fine."

"Sharon," Julia said, "we've decided we can't have our bonding ceremony here at Luigi's as we want to be naked slaves when we bond and don't feel the management of Luigi's would welcome it. We've decided to hold it at a friends estate in Los Angeles instead. You and your husband are invited if you wish to attend. We'll provide some type of driving service to and from LA, and a motel for your stay there. There will be a wonderful reception with fantastic food and alcohol. Since you were there at the beginning of my slavery, I feel you should be there when I finalize it. I warn you many of the guests may be naked, but it's not necessary for you or your husband to be nude."

Sharon's first instinct was to say no and her mouth opened to say it, then she closed it, thinking.

"Let me think about it. I'm sure my husband would like a ride down to LA and a motel stay and good food and drinks. If the women are as pretty as you three, I'm sure he wouldn't mind the view either. When would it be?" 

"Around mid-May, close to the one year anniversary of my slavery starting. You'll have plenty of notice to get time off from work."

"I'll consider it and let you know. Here's our special menu for the evening. There will be complimentary champagne served around midnight."

"I need to leave before then," Rhonda said. "I have to work tonight. Crime never sleeps."

"I'll speak to my manager; see if I can open a bottle early for you."

"Thank you, Sharon. No wonder my Domina speaks so highly of you. You're very kind."

Sharon returned with an open bottle of champagne.

"You may have the bottle, in case everyone else needs to leave early as well."

As Sharon poured a glass for Rhonda, I could see her whispering to Sharon. Sharon blushed. I could ask Rhonda about it, but thought it would be more fun asking Sharon since she'd been embarrassed by it. 

As she poured Master a glass, I asked her what Rhonda whispered to her.

"It was nothing," she said, though she was still red.

"You're still blushing from whatever it was. You look like a valentine."

"She said she was a lesbian and could make me cum hard for pleasuring her Domina."

I laughed. "She could too."

"You're all so fucking naughty. I don't know why I tolerate you."

"Because our antics amuse you. You don't know whether to be offended or intrigued."

Sharon giggled. "I sure have a great deal to think about after one of your visits."

She moved on down to Lisa and poured hers. We left at 10:15 so Rhonda could get ready for work.

******

I mostly watched football interspersed with sex on New Year's Day. I was still thinking about the trip to LA on Friday, wondering what I was going to do, and still distressed I was having so much trouble with the idea of my slave fucking other men, even just sucking one. She was so fucking good to me. The second thing bugging my contemplation was what I was going to do with my sister during the poker game tomorrow. If she was going to be a sex slave, it's something she should experience, but it was my sister and I did have unnatural feelings for her. Was I going to watch her sold off and fucked by someone else? If I didn't, I was one sick puppy. 

******

JULIA

Mistress Dark returned Cindy on Thursday morning, arriving the same way she left, in MD's slave transport. While everyone else worked, I went to the grocery store to buy what we needed for the poker game. Cindy went with me. We had extensive conversations during our shopping trip.

"I don't get to decide what happens to you tonight, slave, but frequently new slaves are subject to be used at the Thursday poker games. It happened to me. It happened to Lisa and Reneé and it happened to Rhonda."

"How are you used, Domina?" Cindy asked.

"Orally service the winner of each hand for two minutes and an auction for your sexual services for fifteen minutes using only the winnings from the game. Another time, Rhonda was available as an hors d'oeuvres for the players to dine on during breaks or when they were out of a round. On Memorial Day, I was sold to one person for a half hour, and two others for another half hour. I was well fucked."

"It doesn't sound so bad," Cindy said. "I'm sure I might enjoy it, Domina."

"It's not bad, I enjoyed my time immensely. There is nothing as arousing as being sold, knowing you must do what the highest bidder wants, if even for that short time, and not knowing who will purchase you and avail themselves of you; man or woman. Will you be sucking cock or licking cunt? Will they choose to fuck your mouth, your cunt, or your ass? The mystery makes it exciting."

"Why won't you decide what happens tonight, Domina?"

"I am my Master's slave. It will be his decision. He should treat you the same as any other slave, but you're his sister and he loves you more than he should, and in a way he should not. He may not wish to see you fucked by other men, much as he doesn't want Lisa or I fucked by other men either as we are his possessions. I think he may consider you his possession as well. He's wrong. He can't fuck you. Therefore, he shouldn't restrict who you do fuck, but he may not be capable of making a rational judgement where you are concerned. I think he will accept you having a Mistress. Women don't bother him as much. If you want to be treated as a slave and not as his sister, you may need to speak to him yourself, make your needs and desires known." 

"I should tell him I should be used tonight, Domina?"

"Not necessarily that you should be used, but not to treat you as his sister or his slave. He must give you up, or if will eventually end in disaster, arrest and shame for you and your parents. Because I understand his love of you and yours for him, doesn't mean I believe he should follow his heart in this matter. It's not right, and though he knows it in his head, his heart may be a different matter. If he doesn't choose to treat you as an independent slave, I fear for you both. He cannot keep you for himself; he needs to let you go."

"As you wish, Domina. I'll speak to him."

"Only if he doesn't treat you the same as other new slaves. On another note; what did you think of your stay at Mistress Dark's?"

"It was rigorous, Domina. She expects perfection. I don't know how other Mistresses might treat me, but I'm prepared for anything."

"In my experience, Brianna would not punish you as often. If you're the type who craves the occasional whipping or spanking, you may need to request it. Because she has so many, she cannot give as much attention to each slave. She tends to give them lots of freedom as a result, allowing them to seek the company of others for their pleasure. You have a wide cornucopia of women to choose from on the estate and may be able to meet and fuck others off it. 

"We had an experience at a BDSM club before Lisa's slavery started. Master insisted she undergo slave training first as she hadn't dreamt of being a slave before she witnessed my slavery. It is my impression from the club, there are some Dominants who are more into giving pain instead of pleasure. Their treatment of slaves is sadistic, and they attract masochists. I'm not talking about someone who enjoys small amounts of pain like Slut, but much more, to the extent they are marked for days at a time by their punishments. The humiliations and treatment they undergo is at the far end of the scale, which might involve being used as human toilets, drinking piss or eating shit. 

"The Dominants I've been exposed to other than that club are not like that. There is some punishment involved in enforcing the rules, but nothing so brutal I cannot take some pleasure in it. The worst I was ever punished was by Mistress Dark for attempting to steal control of her slaves when she wasn't around. I received sixteen strokes with a cane, half in the evening, half the next morning. The marks from that lasted for four days. I also had to wear a Slave Trainer for a day. Other than the night I made you wear one, did she make you wear a Slave Trainer?"

"Yes, Domina; a plug in model that didn't need to be recharged. There was no relief, not even to switch it out. I begged to be fucked before she released me."

"Did she have a cock available for you to practice on?"

"She did, Domina. Two were in training, though neither had large erections, so I also had to practice on an eight inch dildo. She wasn't satisfied until I could take all of the dildo."

"Do you want to cum all the time? Have sex constantly?"

"All the time, Domina. It's like a constant itch I want to scratch, but can't."

"It sounds like you are a slave then, Cindy. Hopefully, you receive a Mistress who will allow you to scratch your itch frequently."

"Do you ever think about how many people your desire for a bit of slavery have affected, Domina? Not just Lisa, you and Master, who it started with, but Jerry and Reneé, Janet and Chen, Rhonda and me. Even your business was a function of it, so through that, it's affecting Shasta, Alice, Charlotte, and Melanie."

"Two others were affected as well," I said. "Sarah became a Mistress after meeting us walking naked on the Pacific Crest Trail and her slave, Regina's husband, Ron, became a male slave after a poker game he witnessed us serving at. I only touched briefly on them on Memorial Day, but Ron was the male slave your mother fucked that day."

"Sarah is with Regina's husband, Domina?"

"Yes, he was a submissive, male leaning bisexual, though this wasn't discovered until after the poker game. Regina didn't want him after finding out. She didn't want to be a Mistress, nor the second sexual choice of her husband, so she allowed Sarah to take him as her slave. Sarah didn't care if he had homosexual leanings as long as he could satisfy her and he had no problem doing so after spending a weekend with Mistress Dark. He got erections on command and was well trained in licking cunt as well. I should ask Regina what happened to their marriage. She'll be at the poker game tonight. She's the best overall poker player in the group."

We finished with our shopping and went home. Cindy helped me to prepare for the poker game, Rhonda getting up to help us at five, when the workers left. Lisa went to shower and put on a dress for poker, since she wasn't going to act as a slave, but a player. Master arrived at quarter to six and Cindy knelt naked on the floor to greet her brother.

"Welcome home, Master Scott," she said.

******

SCOTT

I'd been distracted all day with thoughts of this weekend at Brianna's and what might happen there, plus the poker game tonight and what it might mean for my sister and when I got home and saw her kneeling naked on the floor, my cock started to pop up like it was spring loaded.

"Welcome home, Master Scott," she said, demurely, as if anything a naked slave could ever say could be demure.

"Welcome back, slave. I'm assuming you're still determined you're a slave."

Cindy laughed. "Was it my kneeling to greet you or me calling you Master which gave it away, sir?"

I laughed too. "Pretty much everything. Display."

She leaped to her feet and stood in the Display position. Beautiful.

"Are you wet, slave?" I asked.

"Yes, Master Scott."

"Show me."

Cindy inserted two fingers into her cunt and pulled them out, slick with her fluids. I licked them clean, tasting her. I had a full blown hard-on now. 

"I have a cock which needs taking care of. If you would, please."

"Yes, Master."

Cindy, dropped back to her knees in front of me and removed my cock, enclosing my cock in her warm mouth. The time spent at Mistress Dark's had served her well, her cock sucking skills much improved after only a few days. I wonder how many other cocks she'd sucked while gone; how many men might have fucked her pussy or ass. Mistress Dark always seemed to have one or two undergoing training. I watched closely as my cock was swallowed in her throat. It took only five minutes to release my cream, yet I scarcely lost any of my stiffness after cumming. The sight of Cindy swallowing my cum keeping me hard. Nevertheless, Cindy tucked me away after my release, ignoring my erection unless I command her again. I wouldn't now. I needed to shower and dress for the poker game.

"Master Scott," Cindy said, "I have a question for you if I may?"

"What question?" 

"What are your plans for the new slave tonight?"

Shit! What were my plans? I knew what I should do. I just didn't want to do it. She was a new slave. She should experience new slave tasks, be made to serve the group, be sold. I knew how much my own slaves enjoyed being sold to the highest bidder.

"I haven't made up my mind yet."

Everyone of my slaves knew how Cindy and I felt about each other. They'd helped to give us the experience of fucking each other as much as possible without actually fucking. Julia had even allowed us to fuck surreptitiously on Saturday while the others were shopping for food for dinner. Julia looked at me, her eyes pleading. It was Rhonda who spoke though.

"Might I help wash Master tonight; get him ready for the poker game?"

"Sure," I said.

She took my hand and led me to the bedroom, where she helped me undress, putting my clothes in the dirty clothes. She went into the shower with me and started washing me. 

"Master, you must let Cindy participate in serving the poker game," she said, washing my back.

"Why must I?"

"You know why, sir. Cindy is your sister and we've helped you entertain the fantasy of fucking your sister, to serve your lust for each other, but that's all it can be; a fantasy. If you treat her as you do one of your slaves, you walk closer to crossing a line which can't be crossed. She's a new slave and should be treated as all new slaves were treated. Serving cock and cunt under the table and being sold afterward. You can't treat her like your possession."

Her hands had moved down to my buttocks. "Did Julia or Cindy say anything to you?"

"No, but your interest in each other is obvious to anyone with an eye in their head, Master. Your friends will wonder why she isn't treated like any other sex slave, especially one you can't be fucking. Better that she be sent to your parents for the evening instead of you getting an erection as she waits on them naked. Getting an erection if she's serving as a sex slave is not as blatant as if she isn't. Everyone of the men will have stiff pricks if she is."

She grabbed my pole and stroked her soapy hands up and down it.

"You didn't even lose your erection when she sucked you because you enjoyed your sister sucking you as as a slave. I'm going to drain you again and hopefully, your interest in your sister won't be so apparent, but send her to her room or send her to your parents if you can't treat her like another sex slave."

I was left to think. After rinsing my cock, she did as she said and drained me again, sucking the cum from my balls. I returned the favor, washing her tight, hard body. I even gave her an orgasm in return for mine, finger fucking her as the warm water cascaded over us. She was usually desperate by this time of day.

I put on a tee-shirt and shorts and we joined the others. The poker table was already set up, chips next to each chair, two decks of cards ready. Food was arrayed in the kitchen, beer iced down in a cooler. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
Fuck! 

"You'll be serving the table tonight, Cindy," I said. "The winner of each hand will receive two minutes of oral pleasure. You will be wearing a Slave Trainer. You will only receive an orgasm if the person you're servicing has one. Your sexual services will be sold at the end of the night to the highest bidder. The winning bidder will have you in any way they want for a minimum of fifteen minutes, or until they orgasm, whichever comes last. I will leave it up to you when the bidding starts if you'll serve two people at once or only one. Obviously, I can't bid for your cunt, though I'm going to let you suck my cock if I win a hand. Rhonda can explain the laws regarding incest to them so they know. Lisa will be playing and I don't want Julia crouching under the table a month away from popping. Go get a Slave Trainer and put another on the charger. We'll change it out when we take our mid-game break."

Rhonda squeezed my hand and Julia gave a look of relief. Even Cindy looked relieved, although I would soon be selling her to a bunch of horny, sex crazed people.

Fuck!

Cindy got a Slave Trainer and Julia helped her put it on and took over the responsibility of controlling it and timing the two minute post winning hand timer. I was going to let Julia sit down. It was too much for her to stand for very long. Rhonda, Reneé and Janet could serve food and drinks.

Chen and Janet were the first to arrive, living right next door. Chen already knew Cindy had chosen to become a slave through Janet. All the workers in the company knew. One of the first things Cindy had done as a slave trainee was serve all the women workers.

I waited until everyone arrived before explaining Cindy's naked presence. Edward and Rob remembered Cindy from high school. She'd been a couple grades behind us. Jerry had met her on one of her infrequent previous visits. Chen and Regina hadn't met her before this. I introduced them.

"My sister, Cindy, has determined she's a submissive sex slave and will be serving the poker game tonight in a sexual capacity. As in previous games, she will provide oral pleasure to the winner of each hand for two minutes. She won't be allowed to cum unless one of you cums first, so notify Julia if it's not apparent you're cumming. At the end of the game, her sex services will be sold as before, after a brief period of inspection. The winner gets their choice of hole for fifteen minutes or orgasm, whichever comes last. Obviously, I won't be bidding, but she will take care of my wins during the game."

They all looked at me like I'd sprouted a couple extra heads.

Regina said, "Kinky, Scott. Oh, you are a bad boy."

"Rhonda, please explain to our guests."

"It is not a crime in the State of California for a sister to suck her brother's cock. Only penetration of her pussy by prick is considered incest. Penal code 285 if you want to look it up yourself." 

Chen and Jerry immediately got their phones out and started checking. I thought it interesting that Ed and Rob didn't.

"Damn," Edward said. "Do you know what kind of crush I had on your sister when we were in high school? If she weren't your sister, I'd have gone after her hard."

Regina was looking at her oddly. "She looks quite similar to Julia. Is that the reason you were attracted to Julia in the first place?" She gasped. "Oh, have you done your sister before now?"

"Damn, you're right, Regina," Rob said. "She looks like she could be Julia's cousin or something."

"I didn't realize it at the time, but Julia and Lisa both pointed out the resemblance," I admitted. "And no. I've never done my sister before now. I thought it was against the law just like you did."

"It may not be illegal, Scott," Regina said, "but it's still kind of kinky. I like it. I wonder if I should invite my brother over some time to fill my third hole."

"Anything but your cunt, Miss Regina," Rhonda said. Regina laughed.

"So you wanted to fuck your sister, Scott," Ed laughed. "Don't know if I'd blame you. If I were going to commit incest, she'd sure be tempting enough to try."

"Hell, Ed; you're practically committing incest now," I said, "you and Rob fucking Regina together. Nearly rubbing your cocks together they're so close to each other."

"Got me there, buddy. God knows I love sharing Regina with Rob for that very reason. Sure makes her snug., but according to California penal code, I can't have incest with my brother. He doesn't have a cunt."

Jerry turned off his phone. "Rhonda's right. It's not a crime. Damn! I thought for sure it was. So all five of you share the same fucking bed?"

Rob laughed. "Fucking bed is right. It's a good thing Regina can keep us both satisfied so we're not tempted to do the dirty."

Julia said. "Cindy sleeps with us, but not next to Master. He'll sometimes slip us his cock when he's half awake. We don't want him doing the same to his sister."

Left off that statement was the episode where she let me fuck Cindy while the others were gone.

"Too much information," Chen said. "Can't we have a poker game without it sinking into sexual innuendo and graphic descriptions of your sex life?"

"Apparently, not anymore," Regina said. "I'm sure Cindy was just dying to hear I was double penetrated by you two assholes on a regular basis."

"Master Scott said I could choose to be sold to two bidders tonight, Miss Regina," Cindy said. "Perhaps I can see what you go through on a regular basis?"

Regina laughed. "Why not, if I don't bid on you myself. I have to warn you they both have very thick cocks. You might not want to start with both of them at the same time."

Cindy seemed to shiver when informed of that piece of information. Was it fear or desire prompting her to shiver at the thought of their two cocks possessing her? She'd expressed interest in a Mistress, but she was also a sex slave, subject to the same needs and desires as other slaves of my acquaintance, probably thinking about the next time she could cum, especially wearing the Slave Trainer.

"A quick question, Scott," Jerry said. "I'd like my slave to get some pleasure from this. Is there any chance Cindy can lick her cunt while I'm fucking her if I win her services?"

I looked at Cindy and she nodded her head, yes. She did admit to liking girls more than men.

"Fine. If a Master should win the bid, Cindy will lick the slave's cunt while being fucked."

"If a slave wins her services, can she pick another slave to be pleasured as I fuck her?" Lisa asked.

"Yes," I said. It made no difference to me. "What do you want to use as your safe word, slave?" I asked.

"At Mistress Dark's, I used 'tootsie roll', Master Scott."

"Tootsie Roll it is."

******

JULIA

The preliminaries over, the poker game started, Regina winning the first hand and Cindy lapped at her moist pussy for two minutes. Master tried not to look every time Cindy sucked the cock of one of the men, but it was hard not to look, especially if they pushed back from the table to give themselves more room. Cindy's mouth had to stretch wide to take Ed or Rob's prick, and Jerry's cock made her throat bulge as she swallowed his shaft.

It was the second time she sucked Rob's shaft she earned her first orgasm as he pumped his load down her throat. I turned off the override and Cindy orgasmed, moaning as she cleaned his cock. Regina was the second one to orgasm, and Master was the third, Cindy emptying his balls again tonight. All of them stopped playing to watch Cindy suck her brother's cock. There was some rubbing going on as her blonde head bobbed over his stiff mast. 

Lisa climaxed next, then Jerry was the fifth one to cum, groaning throatily as he spewed deep with the encouragement of Reneé. Chen still hadn't cum when Regina climaxed for the second time and I wondered if he was purposely losing to avoid Janet having to watch him cum in Cindy's mouth. Or maybe he didn't want to bid on her later. There was no rule saying you had to bid. Given Janet had helped arrange for Chen's participation in Rhonda's double penetration, I wondered if it was his own attitude or hers. I doubted Janet cared that much. She'd accepted her sex slavery and submissive nature very easily. 

"Bad luck, Chen?" I asked.

"Guess so," he said.

"You usually do much better, Master," Janet said.

"I suppose."

"You're not holding back because I'm pregnant are you? I don't care if you fuck this slave's mouth or buy her cunt. She's pleasured me too."

"You're pregnant?" I said, astonished. "Janet, that's wonderful news. Isn't it?" I quickly added, knowing Chen wanted to marry before they had children.

"Yes. I got sloppy with the birth control once we moved in together and he asked me to get married. I don't care, but Chen is pushing me to go the courthouse and tie the knot. I want to wait until the wedding in February. I suppose it shouldn't make that much difference, but it's my first time getting married and I want it in the church. You should be getting your invitations any day now."

"Does anyone else know?" Lisa asked.

"Chen's and my parents and Alice. She kept a good secret, didn't she? Now, all of you know. Chen, if you're not winning because you don't want me to see Cindy suck you off, or you win one of her holes after, I don't care. If you win, I get to cum too."

"Speaking of wedding's," I asked Jerry and Reneé. "Have you two set a date for nuptials yet?"

"I want a June wedding," Reneé said. "My mom says she needs that much time to get ready. Master would like it to be earlier but there's no getting around mother on this one."

"I'm fairly sure she'd rip off my head and shit down my neck if I tried," Jerry said ruefully.

We all laughed.

"Since we're momentarily off the topic of poker; I was wondering, Regina, what's the status of yours and Ron's marriage?" I asked.

"The divorce was final a month ago. No hard feelings, no recriminations. We were having problems before I found out about his inclinations. Might have been the reason for them. Let's face it, I lost half a man and got two full men in return." She squeezed the arms of her two partners. "I'm happy with Ed and Rob and Ron's happy with Sarah. I understand she lets him fuck or suck a man occasionally. I would have had problems with it. Can we play more poker. Cindy's a great cunt licker. Mistress Dark trains the best."

Master nodded and dealt out the cards.

"You better play better, Chen," Janet said. "I want to cum before the night is over."

Chen did play better. He won two of the next three hands wrapped around one of Ed's and emptied his balls in Cindy's mouth. Janet kissed her after, tasting her Master on Cindy's lips. They took a break at the halfway point, emptying bladders and restocking on beer or food. I changed out Cindy's slave trainer so it would last until the end of the night. 

I had a quick moment alone with Master and asked how he was doing.

"It's hard, but I'm getting through it."

I kissed him deeply, then whispered, "It's for the best, Master. Two weeks ago you wouldn't have concerned yourself about what Cindy was doing sexually. You need to reach the same state of mind. She's not yours, Master, and never can be."

"I know. Rhonda pointed out the same thing."

"Good for her. I told Cindy to speak to you if you couldn't let this happen. You were treading on dangerous ground. I know I was helping you, but I'm only willing to go so far. I don't want my Master and sister-in-law arrested for incest."

He kissed me back. "And I thank you for the distance you were willing to go."

"Rhonda's working again tonight. Perhaps you can be rewarded with a good ass fucking. I understand it's legal."

"You're a very bad girl, slave."

"And that makes me a very good slave," I answered, kissing him again.

******

SCOTT

Cindy made everyone orgasm at least once more before the game was over including me, happily guzzling everyone's cum, man, woman, made no difference. Rhonda had to get ready for work at 10:30, so left early. I'd already cum four times tonight. When we stopped, fifteen minutes later, Cindy removed her Slave Trainer and it was thick with her cream. Julia had her lick it clean and put it on the charger. She was then suspended from the hook in the living room so she could be inspected. Everyone went up to her and inspected her, touching her, their hands moving over her alabaster skin. I closed my eyes momentarily, sighed, and opened them again. Before Rhonda left for work, she passed the naked slave, slipped a couple fingers into her cunt, tasting her. Seeing her do so in her police uniform aroused everyone. 

By my estimation, Jerry and Regina had the most money, fairly evenly split. I hadn't done as well as I usually did, too distracted by my sister sucking cock. I hoped Regina would win her.

Julia took over the sale of my sister for anything the winner wished.

"For sale tonight is a red silk slave. I saw all of you inspecting the property," Julia said "these magnificent breasts, this tight ass, this moist cunt." As she spoke her hand moved over Cindy's body, pointing out her attributes. "You've all experienced her oral talents. She will serve whoever purchases her until you cum or for fifteen minutes, whichever takes the longest. 

"The proceeds from her auction will go to the Shelter for Battered Women in honor of battered women everywhere, so I want you to pony up your money for a cause near and dear to our hearts. What am I bid for this magnificent specimen?"

"Wait," I said.

Julia looked at me with a panicked expression, thinking I was halting the slave sale.

"The slave has the option of selling one hole or two," I said. "Slave, do you want two of your holes filled or just one?"

Julia got a smile on her face. Cindy seemed to think for a few moments.

"If purchased by a Master with a slave, only one hole as my mouth will be in use. If purchased by anyone else, you may sell a second hole."

I suppose under Cindy's conditions, it might be better if Chen or Jerry won her. Anyone else might fill two holes. I doubted Chen had the money. He'd fucked around too much at the beginning of the game, leaving it to Jerry. But if Regina won the first hole, she had no slave, so Jerry could purchase the second hole. If Regina wanted oral sex, that is. She didn't always. Regina often carried a strapless to the poker games so she could fuck a different hole as she got oral any time she had a winning hand.

"Continue with the slave sale, Julia."

"This slave is a hot slave, her cunt creamy and wet at the thought of being sold." Julia pushed two fingers into Cindy's pussy and pulled them out, showing the evidence to the audience, their eyes intent. It was unnecessary as her inner thighs were damp where her fluids had leaked from her cunt already. "What am I bid for this slave?"

Chen said, "All I've got; $128 dollars." Janet kissed him.

"That puts me out," Rob said.

"$130," Ed bid.

"$135," Lisa piped in. I'd almost forgotten about Lisa. She could pick another slave to enjoy Cindy. The best alternative yet, though I didn't expect her bid to hold, proven right seconds later. 

"$228," Regina said. "All in for the new slave."

Jerry and Reneé carefully counted his chips once more. "$231. I've got $231. I bid it all for the new slave." Reneé kissed him. 

"May I please clean my Master's cum from the new slave's cunt when Master climaxes?" Reneé asked.

I certainly didn't. Women didn't bother me in the slightest. "Slave, do you object to your cunt being cleaned by Jerry's slave?"

"No, Master Scott," Cindy replied.

"Julia, release the slave into the possession of her new temporary owner," I said.

Julia released Cindy and she knelt at the feet of her new Master. "How do you wish to take me, Master?"

"Reneé, lie down on the couch with your legs spread so Cindy can partake of your sweet pussy. Cindy bend over the arm of the couch to lick her. I'll penetrate you from behind."

Julia took a seat at the end of the couch so she wouldn't have to stand, as the two easy chairs were occupied, one by me and Lisa, the other by Regina with her two studs on either side. Chen and Janet had to stand. Reneé put her head in Julia's lap, spreading her legs so one was over the back of the couch and one on the floor. Cindy bent over the arm and put her face in Reneé's dewy folds. Immediately after, Jerry plunged into her from behind, a mighty thrust that made her whole body shudder, pushing her face deeper into Reneé's pussy. 

I couldn't help it. My cock was hard. 

"May I ride you, Master?" Lisa whispered quietly, trying not to disturb the others.

I my eyes off Cindy and Jerry, looking at her, and kissed her. "Please, slave."

She mounted my cock, settling over it, starting to move up and down. Janet was bent over the back couch by her friend Reneé, close enough to see Cindy's tongue swirling in Renee's pussy. Chen entered her from behind. Janet and Reneé held hands as Cindy made Reneé cum, moaning.

"You're much better than last Friday," Reneé whimpered. "Mistress Dark always trains such good cunt lickers."

Cindy was cumming too, fairly often, though maintaining focus on Reneé as a well trained slave. Regina had spread her legs on the other chair, her buttocks on the front edge, and Rob had a finger deep in her bum, while Edward had two in her cunt, pumping away. They each had a hand down the front of her dress, squeezing her melons. She was thrusting her hips against her invaders, trying to get their digits deeper into her body, close to cumming. Lisa was cumming, her pussy palpitating over my prick, as she continued riding me. Only Julia was not having sex, holding Reneé's head in her lap and gently caressing her face as she arched into another orgasm.

The three fucking men all seemed to cum within seconds of each other, first Chen, grunting. Then me, groaning as my sperm rode the elevator up into Lisa's clasping cunt. Finally Jerry, a firm grasp on Cindy's hips, going rigid deep in her pussy as his balls pumped his load of cum into her.

As soon as he strained out the last of his seed, Reneé was off the couch and on his cock, attending to her Master first, sucking him clean, then kneeling behind Cindy, attempting to extract every ounce of his cum she could find from Cindy's cunt. Cindy orgasmed again, a slave now. Lisa was doing the same for my cock.

"Another memorable poker night," Regina sighed. "Will this slave be available next week?"

"I have to return home on Sunday, Miss Regina," Cindy replied. 

"Too bad. I was prepared to fuck your ass. I'll have to play better next time you're in town. Come on boys; I need a proper fucking."

"We need to go too," Chen said. "Busy day tomorrow. A full day of work followed by an evening registering for wedding gifts."

Reneé was finishing up with Cindy. She kissed Cindy after, letting her taste her cum and Jerry's on her tongue. 

"Good night, Scott, slaves," Jerry said, zipping up his trousers. "Another good time had by all."

They all left and we retired to the bedroom. 

"Do you need to cum, Julia?" I asked.

"Not yet, Master," she replied. "Why don't you and Lisa fuck the new slave. You'll have to take her ass, I'm afraid. It's a little too energetic for me now. I'll have Cindy lick my cunt after you pound her some more."

I remembered what Julia had said during our break. I smiled and directed Lisa to get a strapless and lie down on the bed. I made Cindy mount her with the vibrations on and I pushed through Cindy's rectal rim to take her ass. I had cum several times tonight and lasted quite a long time. By the time I orgasmed, both Cindy and Lisa had cum over half a dozen times. When we pulled out of Cindy, Lisa dropped off to sleep rather quickly as Cindy gave Julia her first orgasms of the night. I washed my cock off and joined them in the bed. Julia turned Cindy over to me after three orgasms and Cindy put her new cock sucking skills to work extracting one last load of cum from my balls. It took surprisingly less time than I expected for her to empty my sack once more. Julia kissed Cindy, sharing what little cum I had left, then we all fell into a satisfied slumber, Julia sleeping between us.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
*****
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 46|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-46|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<i>In this chapter, Cindy goes to LA to explore what submission to Brianna would be like. Going with her are her parents, Shasta, Scott and his three slaves. This chapter contains scenes of anal sex, lesbian sex, oral sex, interracial sex, bondage, and discipline including spanking. Of course, plenty of good old fashioned fucking takes place as well, including two double penetrations. STD's don't exist in the fantasy. Enjoy.</i>

<b>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 46 - Cindy in LA, part 1</b>

JULIA

I still felt a little left out after the events of last night so while Lisa sucked Master's cock during his morning blow job, I had Cindy lick me to several satisfying orgasms. I was so pregnant now, the only two ways I could really enjoy sex was taken from behind and lying down enjoying oral attentions. Even riding Master was uncomfortable. He never really took me hard anymore, not like Jerry had taken Cindy last night, rocking her body with his deep thrusts. When Master climaxed, Lisa shared his cum with Cindy and I and there was far more than last night when Cindy only had to share it with me. 

Cindy had unpacked very little in the way of clothes and had very little to pack up. After she put her suitcases in the car, she and I worked on a lunch to take with us on the drive, just chips and sandwiches for eight and bottles of water. When Cindy's parents arrived, slightly earlier than Master, I called down to the basement and Lisa sent all the workers home but Shasta, who was going with us. Shasta took a quick naked dip in the pool after working in the basement all morning unconcerned about Master's parents. Before Reneé left, she kissed Cindy and thanked her for her orgasms last night. Cindy's parents wanted to know why Reneé was thanking Cindy for orgasms, so they were told about the poker game last night.

"Did you enjoy yourself?" Sandy asked, hugging her. 

"Yes, Miss Sandy," Cindy said. "I climaxed often."

Master got home and he and Lisa took a quick shower while Cindy woke up Rhonda. For the drive down to LA, Master and Cindy decided to ride with their parents and Shasta, Lisa and Rhonda rode with me. We split the food between the two cars. This way both cars had someone who knew the way in case we became separated.

After eating our food on the drive down, I decided to tell Shasta about the place we were going.

"Mistress Brianna is the owner of Brianna's Baubles, making jewelry catering especially to Dominants and submissives. She makes other things as well, but much of the jewelry we wear is hers. She's a lesbian Dominant, with many slaves who work with her in various capacities. She's married to one woman, Monique, but has bonded to the others. There's only one male living there on a permanent basis. His name is Sam, and he handles the investments for all of the women. If you give him the money you received to invest in Cedric's education, he will help make it grow enough for him to go to college. 

"He has two slaves, Marcia and Chantelle. He's married to Marcia and later acquired Chantelle from Brianna. She's like Lisa to Master and I. Marcia is a deputy sheriff and only a part time slave as a result. You'll know if she's in a period of slavery by whether or not she's wearing her slave collar and cuffs. Chantelle does a lot of the cooking for the estate. Her food is magnificent, as good as anything you've ever had in a restaurant.

"All of the people are usually naked. They may put on clothes for special occasions, perhaps guests who don't know what to expect or if they need to leave the estate. They asked if Master's parents knew what to expect while there and they know you work naked, so it's entirely possible they'll all be naked when we arrive. Slaves are expected to be naked while they're there. Dominants are usually naked. The only difference between them are the collars. As you don't wear a collar, you can dress or not, as you please. The rest of us will be naked."

"And no one expects to have sex with me?"

"No one not wearing a collar has to have sex with anyone and the only person you're expected to have sex with on a regular basis as a slave, is your Dominant. The slaves might ask if you're interested, but they'll be polite and you may refuse without offending anyone. Sex frequently occurs in the open as it does at our house."

"Will William Thornhill be naked?"

"I don't know about Master Thornhill. As his slave, Evelyn will likely be naked. That about covers it except for the kids."

"What about kids?"

"Brianna wanted to have children, so she arranged with Marcia for Sam to provide the sperm. She had twins; they're the two oldest children and are definitely Sam's. Some of the women slaves also wanted children. The next group of children as I understand it, are either Sam's or some other mysterious sperm donor no one talks about. Monique, Adele and Ingrid had children then. Then there are a couple of the newer women, like Jade and Zoe, who didn't get pregnant the first time around. Their children are definitely Sam's, except Lucia. Master is the father of her child."

"They go naked in front of the kids?"

"They don't believe harm can come to children by being nude in front of them. Studies have shown the children of nudists are very mentally well adjusted. They'll have sex in front of the children when they're too young to understand, but not as they get older. The other parts of being a sex slave don't take place in front of the older children, like the bondage or discipline. In a way, it's like a training ground for Lucas when I have him."

"Are you going to have sex with William Thornhill?"

"I offered him a blow job if Master approved, but I don't know. It's not up to me. It's up to Master who I have sex with. He said he was inclined to agree when I first told him I offered, but he may have changed his mind."

"He doesn't want you having sex with other men anymore, does he?"

"No."

"Then why did you offer to suck Mr. Thornhill's cock?"

I couldn't tell her he was giving her a new house yet. 

"Because he was so generous to you and didn't even know you. It was a lovely gesture and I felt grateful he was willing to help. I didn't know if we could help with anything more than the facial scarring. By taking care of everything, not only your face can be fixed, but all of you, plus you have money for Cedric to go to college. There's very little I can offer to a man as rich as Master William. A blow job is nothing to me."

"If someone is going to give him sex, shouldn't it be me?"

"Oh, Shasta. You're wonderful. No, it shouldn't be you. I'm a sex slave, and not only do I enjoy sex, I need it. I want sex all the time. You don't want to have sex with anyone after what happened to you, and you shouldn't have to. You need to get better first. Plus, if you offer sex to Master William, it's almost as if you're prostituting yourself for the money. I'm not prostituting myself. I didn't receive anything from him. I'd be doing it because I want to." 

Lisa and Rhonda were in the back, kissing and petting. It gave them something to do on the long drive. Apparently, they'd been listening with one ear to our conversation as they stopped long enough for Lisa to chip in. "Julia's right, Shasta, in all respects. This is something we want to do and would enjoy doing. Whether we do or not is not up to us, but if Master allows it, we'll like it. Not you. And it's not tit for tat if we do it. We're not whores if we do it, only sluts, which we happily admit to being."

"I think Master William would be offended if you offered to have sex with him," I said. "It negates his generosity and becomes a business transaction; and one without equal value. You'd need to have sex with him for a month or longer to pay for your surgery if you were whoring yourself. He didn't need to do any of it, but did it out of the kindness in his heart. Don't turn it into something it's not."

Shasta thoughtfully considered our conversation. "I'm glad you told me. I would have offered to have sex with him so you didn't have to."

"I may not have sex with him," I laughed, "though I wouldn't mind it in the slightest. He's a handsome fellow and it looks as if he keeps his slave happy."

"Aren't you afraid you'll upset your Master if you have sex with Thornhill?"

"If Master has the choice of whether or not I have sex with him; how can it upset him? He knows I will willingly have sex with anyone he wants as long as he's sure of his choices. I won't do it behind his back. If he doesn't want me having sex, he can say so. I can't even cum without his permission, even if he's the one fucking me. Rhonda's fucking is my choice. I promised her she wouldn't have to fuck men other than Master, but she would have to suck any cock I told her to. Theoretically, I could tell Rhonda to suck Master William's cock for me, unless Master told me I had to do it. I know she prefers not to, but she's subjugated her will to mine in this matter. I make the choices of which cocks she sucks, which cunts she licks and whether she gets to cum. Because I'm a slave myself, Master may override me, with the exception of Rhonda fucking other men. I may tell her she can't cum and Master may tell her she can. She can't be punished for disobeying me."

"And you're happy this way?"

"Happier than I've ever been in my life. It may seem contradictory, but I feel more free now than I ever have. Free to be the slutty, sexual woman I want to be. My choices are simple. Do what Master wants. There's no confusion. I don't have to worry I'll do something to make him upset, because I can't if I obey him."

"The same with you two?" She asked the pair in the back seat.

"I've filled a place in my heart I didn't know was empty," Lisa replied. "I feel more than twice the love I ever felt before. I wouldn't trade my life for any previous part of my existence."

"The sex I had before was meaningless with an endless stream of different women," Rhonda said. "It meant nothing and did nothing for me other than get me off. Despite the requirement I must have sex with Master, I'm enjoying myself more than I ever have before. I suppose I could have chosen a Mistress without a Master, but considering my sex life is better than it used to be, I'm much happier."

"Shasta, there's nothing wrong with you if this isn't what you want with your life," I said. "Everyone is different. Rhonda prefers women, Lisa and I prefer men. I like serving men and dominating women. This is not a life you should choose for yourself unless you want it. Because we're happy is no reason you would be too. Just because I like green dresses, doesn't mean you won't like red more. People are who they are and I've decided as long as you treat others with kindness, it doesn't make any difference what you want out of life and how you should behave. This life is perfect for me. That's all I can really say about it."

She nodded thoughtfully. "I don't really understand it."

"How did your consultation with the plastic surgeon go?"

"I have an MRI scheduled to see if there is internal scarring to match the exterior scarring, which might affect how they address the external stuff. After that, they'll schedule the surgery. I'm guessing it will be around the beginning of February."

"It's too bad both of us will be out medically at the same time. More work for the others."

"They're all becoming better, more efficient workers. It won't be too bad."

I called Brianna to let them know when we were about a half hour out.

When we arrived, Zoe and Lucia were waiting for us, naked. Lucia immediately went to Shasta and hugged her, saying, "We're so glad you could join us, Shasta. Everyone is excited to meet you."

We took our clothes off automatically, except for Shasta. Dan wasn't far behind us, but we were already naked when he pulled in. Master told Cindy to strip and she quickly doffed her clothes. He removed his own at the same time.

"I can't believe this is your sister, Scott. She's all grown up and she's submissive," Zoe said, pulling her in for a quick hug and a kiss.

"Yes, I've recently learned she used to spy on us having sex," Master said.

"My, my," Zoe said, "what a naughty girl she was. We shall have to make sure she's punished for such naughty behavior, won't we, Scott?"

Cindy blushed.

"Mr. and Mrs. Rivers," Lucia said. "So good to see you again. Julia told me you know Master Scott is the father of my child. I'm so glad they were comfortable in telling you."

"Lucia, darling," Sandy said, hugging her. "We heard everything that happened to you. I'm so sorry."

"It happened a long time ago," she replied, hugging Dan as well. "Let's not speak of it again. We've waited on dinner for you. Come in. Chantelle is a marvel in the kitchen; you won't be disappointed."

We brought in Cindy's luggage and what little we had. Dan and Sandy had a small carryon with them. Master's parents didn't undress yet, though I thought it likely they would before the weekend ended. We were led to the dining room where everyone waited for us.

******

SCOTT

Zoe and Lucia led us into the dining room and it appeared everyone was there, including all of the children. There was only room for a few people to be seated, especially given the number of people who'd come with us. I noted five empty chairs and two cushions on the floor across the table from William Thornhill and Sam. Marcia was kneeling beside William and Evelyn beside Sam, which surprised me. They both stood when we arrived, acknowledging the presence of my parents, I imagined. Both men were naked and I quickly imagined Julia's lips wrapped around Thornhill's prick. 

Lucia introduced everyone in the room not attached to me, even the children, introducing her Mistress last.

"Welcome to my home, ladies and gentlemen," Brianna said. "Scott, please introduce all of the people in your party for those of us who aren't acquainted with them."

"Everyone, this is my father, Dan Rivers, and my mother, Sandra Rivers." I held Julia's and Lisa's hands. "These are my two slaves and life partners, Julia Rivers and Lisa McManus. This is Julia's slave, Rhonda Meadows, our very good friend, Shasta Williams, and my sister, Cindy Rivers, a new slave."

Brianna looked at my sister with interest. "I understand she's seeking a Mistress. Is that correct?"

"It is," I replied.

"Cindy, I'd like you to sit beside me so we can talk." She patted an open seat next to her. Cindy nodded and moved to the head of the table. "As you can see, we don't have enough room here for everyone to sit at the dining room table. I've provided seats for you and Julia, due to her condition, Shasta and your parents, Dan and Sandy. There are cushions beside the chair for Lisa and Rhonda, one beside you and one beside Julia. Adele, Monique, Zoe and Lucia will take seats and those of my slaves who can't sit here will get their food and find elsewhere to sit down. Riyuki and Ingrid will take the children to the nursery to eat."

"Yes, Mistress," everyone quickly responded, and after getting their food, the extra slaves quickly disappeared. Cindy took a seat beside Brianna and the rest of us sat down. Dawn, Jade and Chantelle began serving everyone plates of food, then pouring wine or water for those seated. 

When Dawn brought Julia's and my plates, double portioned to feed our slaves, she whispered, "Will you be able to devote an erection to me this weekend, Master, or is your father allowed to play with others?"

My mother, seated next to me, looked startled when Dawn so blatantly offered me and my father sex, but Julia, on the other side, said, "Dawn is a bisexual and craves the occasional cock which she doesn't get here. She's allowed to fuck Master sometimes."

"What my father does or doesn't do is between him and his wife," I told Dawn. "Perhaps if you offer to share yourself with both of them, they'll be willing to grant your request."

Dawn immediately knelt at mother's feet. "I'm sorry, Miss Sandra. I was informed you and your husband were in a Dominant/submissive relationship. If I've done something stupid, please forgive me. If you need to punish me for my impetuosity, I'm sure Mistress would approve. I frequently blurt out whatever's on my mind without thinking."

I don't know what was on my mother's mind, but she said, "I'll get back to you later regarding your impertinence and any punishment you've earned."

"Yes, Miss Sandra. Excuse me, I need to finish serving."

She stood up and quickly continued serving.

"What are you thinking, Mother?" I asked.

"I don't know what I'm thinking yet."

Chantelle delivered food to Mom and Dad. 

"This looks positively delicious, dear," Mom said. "May I ask what it is?"

"The main dish is Lemon Vodka Chicken with capers over Jasmine rice. I also have a squash and julienne carrot succotash and strawberry, pecan and baby spinach salad with a raspberry vinaigrette dressing, Miss Sandra."

"Please, call me Sandy. Are you a classically trained chef, Chantelle?"

"My mother was. I learned from her. She taught me to be creative with my cooking, Miss Sandy."

"I'm looking forward to this."

"Thank you, Miss Sandy."

Before Chantelle left, I quietly asked, "Why is Marcia kneeling next to Thornhill and Evelyn next to Sam?"

"Master Bill is the only man currently living Master has allowed to fuck Marcia and me. They sometimes exchange slaves. You may ask about it if you wish. It's an interesting story."

I waited until everyone had eaten most of their food before asking about it. 

"Sam, Chantelle tells me there is an interesting story about your relationship with William Thornhill. Might you be willing to share it?"

Sam glanced at William first and received a quick nod of acceptance from him.

"Well, we've shared the story of how Marcia modeled for the Nude for the Homeless auction. You recall it, I'm sure."

"The photos were very memorable," I acknowledged. "It's when Marcia allowed you to provide to impregnate Brianna."

"Exactly. At the auction, I bid on and won a Caribbean cruise for four. Since we weren't sure Brianna caught on the first attempt, we invited her and a slave to come with us on the cruise to continue trying. Arrangements were also made for Chantelle to come as cook and crew member so she could see her family. William Thornhill and his wife, Evelyn were two of the other guests on the cruise.

"During the first part of the cruise, Evelyn was quite the bitch, and was openly fucking another crew member after promising Bill she would remain faithful to him after she was previously caught in adulterous relationships."

I looked at William Thornhill who nodded in agreement to the story. "Evelyn was a piss poor wife. She's a much better slave."

"I've also told you previously that Marcia had arranged for me to have sex with two celebrities on my free pass list. We felt bad for Bill as he was in every sense a gentleman and wonderful person to be around, and Evelyn's infidelity was devastating to him. There didn't appear to be any reason for her behavior. William was rich, handsome, intelligent, kind and generous, but still she made him a cuckold openly."

Tears were openly flowing down Evelyn's cheeks. Whether from shame or some other emotion, I couldn't say. 

"If you look closely at Bill, you'll see he's a younger looking version of Tom Selleck. You can see it easier if you imagine him with a mustache. Tom Selleck has been on Marcia's free pass list longer than any other celebrity, and of course, William Thornhill is a celebrity in his own right. She asked for permission to give Evelyn a dose of her own medicine and add Bill to her free pass list in place of Tom and fuck him. I agreed that she could. Bill was ready to divorce Evelyn anyway. He could no longer tolerate her infidelity. He was ready to send her off the ship and call it quits. Marcia spent the next few days of the cruise openly fucking him day and night. Marcia arranged for Chantelle to fuck me in her absence, and Brianna and Monique eventually joined in as well.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"Meanwhile, I'm wondering why Evelyn was acting the way she was. The person she was fucking couldn't hold a candle to Bill, in any way, shape or form. I'd wondered the same about my first wife. Why did she fuck around on me? I'd never done anything to her which should have resulted in her fucking around on me. It's almost as if she wanted me to take her over my knee and whip her ass, which of course, I could never do; not then. But after entering into my agreement with Marcia and seeing how even a police officer could enjoy submission, including being spanked, I wondered if there wasn't a connection. A woman who wanted someone to take charge of her, make her behave and punish her if she didn't. In order to avoid a divorce, Evelyn had to submit to morning spankings, random humiliation and exposure. She had to learn how to deep throat a cock and get fucked in the ass. And she seemed to like it. Perhaps her infidelity was an attempt to draw William's attention and make him Master her."

William took over the narrative.

"Before she left the ship, she agreed both in writing and in a video recording that she would become my sex slave in order to avoid a divorce. Since then, she's been a much happier person. She still gets spanked or paddled every single morning to remind her of what she did to me and the love she almost lost. She managed to restore my trust in her as a slave, where she never would have been able to merely as my wife."

"Are you happier, Evelyn?" Julia asked.

"Much happier," Evelyn said with lowered eyes. "I believe Sam was right. I wanted someone over me, a Master, and not just a husband."

"Then why are you kneeling to Sam now?" Julia asked. Before anyone could respond, she sat up straight and blurted, "Wait a minute, William Thornhill is the mystery fucker, isn't he? He's the second person who was fucking any slave who wanted to get pregnant."

"That would be me," he said, smiling. "I like that - mystery fucker."

"The person no one talks about so as not to give away your identity," I said. "Why?"

"I came to visit when Sam and Marcia were here for the birth of Brianna's child. I was looking at an investment in Brianna's company. As Sam had let Marcia spend several days fucking me, it seemed fair he have the opportunity to fuck mine. Plus he was in the process of trying to impregnate the others. It just worked out the women were willing to take pot luck on who ended up as their child's father."

"I don't understand," Shasta said. "You were upset your wife fucking around on you, willing to divorce her skanky ass, but you let Sam fuck her then; and apparently now, if where she kneelin' be any indication."

"I understand your confusion, Shasta," William said. "But there is a big difference between what one does behind your back in secret, against your will and desire; and what you're willing to allow with your knowledge and consent in conformance to your will. I could not abide Evelyn fucking other people on her own against my will. If she did it again now, I'd divorce her in an instant. Nor was it easy knowing she was having sex with someone else, watching it even. Especially after what she'd done before.

"Knowing how I felt when Evelyn fucked other people, I knew how hard it must be for Sam to watch his wife fuck other people, yet he did it anyway; allowed Marcia to fuck me. Plus, it was due to his curiosity and determination to understand Evelyn, he saved my marriage from certain ruination. Given that, I felt it only fair he should get what I had gotten. He didn't ask for it, he didn't pressure me for it, but if I fucked his wife, he should get to fuck mine. That's how I felt about it. So we did it together. We fucked Evelyn together, with Marcia watching, and then we both fucked her with Evelyn watching, and it was okay. I didn't die; the world didn't end. By doing this thing together, as I willed it, and as he did, we could get through it. As we've done it before, I don't feel the same way I did about it before it happened. I know he would never do anything to intentionally hurt me or my wife, no more than I would do the same to him or his. He would never do anything behind my back to my wife and slave, anymore than I would do to his. So even now, after the first time, I have no objection to his fucking Evelyn nor does he to Marcia fucking me. We can share our slaves and know it's okay. We'll be fine even if we do and still remain good friends."

"Why did you allow William to fuck Marcia in the first place?" I asked.

"Because she allowed me to fuck two celebrities on my free pass list. Because William looked like one on hers and because we both felt sorry for him," Sam responded. "I don't regret it. It worked out fine for everyone."

"Why did you allow Sam to fuck two celebrities?" I asked Marcia.

"Because he allowed me sex with my police partner, Morris, as a gift and goodbye, when we found out he was sick and going to die," Marcia replied.

"So why did you allow her to have sex with Morris?" I asked.

"Why does it make so much difference to you, Scott?" Sam asked. "You look like you're going to have a stroke."

"I need to know. I'm desperate to find out why you can be so generous regarding your spouses and I can't be generous with mine."

"What do you mean, Scott?" William asked. "Generous how?"

My mother took my hand. "What's wrong son?"

"I have the most generous wife in the world. The things she has done for me; from Lisa to Rhonda to Dawn to Zoe exceed all bounds. I could not love her more than I do. She gives me everything and I can't give her nearly as much as she gives me." I took a deep breath. "As a result of Mr. Thornhill's generosity, my wife offered to suck his cock if I would agree to it. At first I thought, 'Shit, yeah, what a great guy. I'd almost suck his cock myself, he's so fucking fantastic.' I told her 'you should have asked me. I would have told you yes.' Now I'm sitting across from you wondering if and when she'll ask again if she can suck your cock. I imagine her with her lips wrapped around your prick and I feel blackness inside. Why can't I be as generous towards her as she is with me? That's why I want to know how you do it. How you share your wives."

"First of all, Scott, I'm a little upset you think I'm doing what I did for sex. Offering sex for my help negates my generosity." Julia and Shasta exchanged a glance and I wondered what it was about. "Takes away the good feelings I have for helping others, turns it into a mercenary transaction. I much prefer feeling good about it. I get all the sex I need."

"I'm not suggesting it was anything other than an offer of thanks my slave wished to provide, William. More her own offer of generosity than transactional on her part. One which I should have no problem with her offering considering all she does for me. But I do have a problem with it. I don't want to, but I do. Obviously, you both seem to be sharing your wives again. How?"

Sam responded, "I couldn't do it all the time, nor could I do it with anyone. What you did when Julia first started her slavery would have been impossible for me. I've reached a point in my relationship where I don't worry about Marcia. I don't think she'll ever leave me, nor does she want to. I don't worry about her ever fucking anyone other than someone I allow her to. Like Julia, Marcia has been incredibly generous to me and allowed me to live some of my biggest fantasies. Letting her live some of her own was only right. One of those fantasies was Bill. We've done away with our free pass lists, but the people we already fucked on that list are still available to us. Theoretically, if I wished and they were responsive, I could fuck my two celebrities again. I'm not expecting to, but they live in LA. It's remotely possible. 

"Despite what happened, William and I remain close friends and if he's fucked her before, why would it bother me nearly as much as the first time it happened. I would have a problem allowing new men into her life. Not because I worry about her, or her wanting out of our relationship, but only because I don't want to share her with others.

"It's my responsibility as her Master, and well within the bounds of my role as her husband, to pick who I'm comfortable with her fucking. I'm comfortable with Bill because I know he's a good man and won't do anything to make me regret sharing her with him. Knowing he has before and it still falls within the fantasies of my wife and slave, I'm willing to make allowances for him and him alone. Despite believing in your overall friendship and concern for the slaves of others, I wouldn't be willing to allow Marcia, or even Chantelle to fuck you. Not because you're any worse than Bill, but because you don't satisfy a fantasy of Marcia and you certainly don't satisfy any of mine. I don't want to throw my marriage open to everyone, any more than you do. My gut feeling to your dilemma is don't worry about it. You are her Master and her husband and if you don't want her fucking anyone else, don't let her, and don't concern yourself over your decision. Do you want to fuck other people, Julia?"

"No. I don't need to fuck anyone else but my Master, Lisa or Rhonda. I have no problems fucking other people, but it is not a need of mine," Julia replied.

"Then why are you worried, Scott?" Sam asked.

"I just wish I was as generous as Julia is to me. I feel like a Scrooge next to her."

"I think it's somewhat due to their subservience, Scott," Thornhill said. "I think submissives are more likely to want to give to their Dominants than we are to them. It's in the nature of their submission. What do you think, Brianna?"

"Generally speaking; I feel my slaves are more generous than I am. Part of it is due to the sheer number of them. I cannot give each of them individually the attention they may want or deserve. I only hope I give them enough they don't seek another Dominant."

"Are you happy, Marcia?" Sam asked. "Do I provide you with what you want and need as a slave and wife?"

"Yes, Master."

"Evelyn," William asked, "do I provide you with what you want and need as a slave?"

"Yes, Master."

"Do you have any desire to fuck anyone outside our marriage anymore?"

"No, Master."

"But you do enjoy fucking Sam if I let you?"

"Yes, Master. Sam is a good lover. Variety is nice, but not necessary for me. I'm perfectly satisfied with you."

"Master," Lisa said, "I believe I have the best of all possible worlds. Two people who love me..." "Three," Rhonda interjected. Lisa smiled at her. "Three people who love me. A nice hard cock when I need it, the softness of lovely women when you're not around or incapable of getting hard again. I'll be able to help raise your children with Julia and possibly Rhonda, as well as have children of my own. You've made me an integral part of your life. Quit worrying we might have a desire to fuck other men. Sure, variety is nice, but with the people currently in my life, I can get fucked in all three holes at once. I don't need or want anymore than I have. I feel blessed and very happy. You worry about giving us more than we have and I have all I need."

"As do I, Master," Rhonda said. "I don't even have a desire to fuck other men, but I'm happy, even having to fuck you. You worry too much. You're going to end up ruining a good thing."

I was silent, thinking. Mom said, "You should listen to your slaves, son. You are going to ruin a good thing. I've never seen four such happy people in my life."

"Well, shit!" I said. "I may have fucked up then."

"Why, Master? What did you do?" Julia asked.

"I inquired with Mistress Dark about acquiring a male slave to give primarily to Lisa and Julia. I'm suppose to meet with him Monday. I thought it would be easier sharing you with a slave which I had control over. You'd only be having sex with him when and where I wanted you to."

Julia started laughing suddenly, which I didn't understand.

"Why are you laughing, slave?"

"I think you forgot the rules regarding your slaves having sex with other slaves, sir."

"What rule?"

"We can't have sex with any slave you won't have sex with. If we're to have sex with a male slave, you have to have sex with him as well."

Lisa started laughing as well, soon joined by the rest of the table. "Oh, Master," she gasped, "she's got you there. I can maybe see you fucking his ass with your eyes closed if we shaved it, or even letting him suck your cock if you closed your eyes and pretended it was one of us, but I can't imagine you sucking his cock. It would be difficult to pretend you're doing anything other than sucking another prick. You may as well suck Master William's dick, save Julia the trouble and you all the mental anguish."

Everyone started laughing harder, even William Thornhill and my parents.

"I'll gladly cede my next cock sucking to you, Master Scott, just to see you do it," Evelyn said.

I was laughing too. "I forgot about that rule," I admitted.

"Wait a minute," Shasta said. "There are male slaves as well as female ones?"

"It's not as common as a female slave," Brianna said, "but there are quite a few male slaves as well. Some subservient to other males, some to females."

"The one I picked out would be female centric because I wanted him to enjoy fucking women more than men. I wasn't thinking about fucking him myself," I said.

"How does that work?" Shasta asked.

"As an experiment, I let Marcia dominate me for a weekend," Sam said. "Worst 48 hours of my life, but she seemed to enjoy it."

"Not as much as being a slave, but it was fun trying it," Marcia said.

"She made me wear a cock cage, controlled my orgasms, fucked me in the ass with a strap-on," Sam said. "Made me wear a collar and cuffs, led me around with a leash, whipped my privates. Pretty much everything she'd ever had to do as a slave, I had to do except suck cocks."

"What's a cock cage?" Shasta asked. 

"We could show you a website photo," Marcia said. "But I still have the equipment. I could get it for you."

"Please. I'd like to see it."

Marcia got up and left. While she was gone, William Thornhill asked, "Why are you interested, Shasta?"

"I haven't fucked anyone since I was raped five years ago. I'm not interested in women and don't trust men. Never wanted to let another one near me, but if I could control one, like Scott controls his three, I might be able to fuck something other than a vibrator again."

"I'm sorry to hear they ruined sex for you, Shasta. That's terrible," Evelyn said. "I can't imagine going the rest of my life without fucking another person."

"Yeah, it's been hard being around these four, they fuckin' all the time."

There was some weak laughter, but the slaves especially realized a life without sex wasn't something they wanted to contemplate. Marcia soon returned with the equipment she'd used to dominate Sam. 

"With your permission, Master," she asked, "I'd like to demonstrate on you. I know this fits you."

Sam stood up and Marcia put on the collar, cuffs, leash and cock cage. 

"Don't any women do anything to make me hard," Sam said, "because it hurts like a son of a bitch."

"May I look closer, Sam?" Shasta asked.

He said she could and Shasta walked around the table and bent over his cock. "This doesn't come off?" She asked.

"Not without this key," Marcia said, holding it up for Shasta to inspect. "I only removed it when I wanted him to fuck me. He's right about it hurting if he gets an erection without taking it off. It doesn't expand if his cock does."

"And a male slave don't fuck you unless you say, otherwise he behave himself."

"One of my poker buddies became a male slave trained by Mistress Dark," I said. "He didn't get an erection unless told to. Didn't cum unless told to, got limp again if told to. Essentially only fucked on command."

"Too bad I don't have room in my house for one," Shasta said. "My son sleep in my room, but I can see where having one be good for me. Finally get to fuck normal again.

I looked at William Thornhill and he nodded his head.

"Shasta, the house I'm building in Fresno for Mr. Thornhill is for you. We weren't going to tell you until it was ready. You'll have your own room. So will your son and mother. A fourth bedroom if you ever have another child."

She looked at William in absolute amazement. "You giving me a house in addition to surgery fix my scars?"

"Yeah, and please don't tell me you can't accept it. It's only money and I have more than I can spend in a hundred lifetimes. My business manager told me you're still living in the neighborhood where you were raped, and afraid to go out. Scott gave him the locations of safe neighborhoods you could move to."

Shasta dropped down to her knees beside him. "No wonder everyone talk about sucking your cock. If I could, I do it myself. You most kind, generous man I ever meet. Not even expect nothin' in return."

"Your thanks is enough in return. Please, don't kneel down to me. You're not a slave."

She stood and asked if she could hug him. He nodded and she plastered herself against him and squeezed him tight.

"Next one of these you get, I gonna be naked. I get used to going naked now, working at Scott's house. Only wearing clothes now 'cause I want to see how everyone else dressed."

William Thornhill laughed and said he would greatly enjoy a naked hug.

"How do I get me one of these male slaves and how I learn how to control him?" Shasta asked.

"Well, you could meet the one I was looking at accepting on Monday, decide if he's someone you'd be interested in. The same person who's going to train him as a submissive, could train you to be a Dominant. I was also looking at him as someone Julia could use in the business, to help with the heavy lifting. I figured none of the women would have a problem working with a naked male in a cock cage."

"Just you thinking of giving us a male slave to play with, Master, earns you a real good fucking," Lisa said. "I hope you're up to it."

Everyone laughed.

******

JULIA

The meal was delicious, as usual when Chantelle prepared it. I was happy to be provided a chair for the meal, as the days when I could kneel for long periods of time were over until after the baby was delivered. I was confused why Marcia was kneeling beside William Thornhill and Evelyn beside Sam until I overheard Chantelle's remarks to Master who had pondered the exact same thing. I fed my slave her meal, kneeling beside me on her cushion. I was about to have her lick my cunt until I climaxed when Master asked Sam about the relationship between him and William. I decided to wait until the discussion was over so I could pay attention as it was hard to pay attention to much of anything if I was cumming.

Sam described how the met on the cruise and I found the story fascinating. How Evelyn had gone from a snobby rich bitch adulterer to sex slave, now serving her husband. Even now, William made sure she was punished every single morning. 

Master kept asking how the other Masters managed to share their wives with others, and I knew he was still stuck on the imbalance in our relationship. It was only an imbalance in his own imagination. I was fucking the same people he was fucking, though he felt bad they were all women. I had no problem fucking women. It wasn't as nice as fucking a good hard cock, but it wasn't like they weren't making me cum. I suspected he was having more problems with it because I was letting his sister suck him, but again, she was licking my cunt too, so he wasn't doing anything I wasn't doing at the same time.

I wasn't surprised when William expressed his displeasure being offered sex with one of Master's slaves for his generosity. I'm glad I told Shasta not to do it.

I thought Sam gave a great explanation for Master. He was letting Marcia fuck William because he was still part of her fantasy and they'd fucked before. He didn't want Marcia fucking anyone else any more than Master wanted other men fucking me. Too bad. I wouldn't mind watching Master fuck Marcia and then suck his cum out of her beautiful cunt. Or Chantelle, for that matter. I'd gotten to lick both of their cunts, but I would have liked watching Master fuck them. I wouldn't mind if Sam plugged me either. It's too bad neither of them wanted to swap slaves the way Sam did with William. It was enough to dream about it. I didn't need for it to happen. I wasn't lying when I said Master was enough for me. I'd happily live without it and enjoy the alternative if it ever happened.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
Master finally seemed to accept we were happy without another man, then admitted he'd looked into getting a male slave for us.

I started laughing and Master seemed confused.

"Why are you laughing, slave?" Master asked.

"I think you forgot the rules regarding your slaves having sex with other slaves, sir."

"What rule?"

"We can't have sex with any slave you won't have sex with. If we're to have sex with a male slave, you have to have sex with him as well."

Lisa started laughing when I reminded her of the rule. 

"Oh, Master," she gasped, "she's got you there. I can maybe see you fucking his ass with your eyes closed if we shaved it, or even letting him suck your cock if you closed your eyes and pretended it was one of us, but I can't imagine you sucking his cock. It would be hard to imagine you pretending you're doing anything other than sucking another prick. You may as well suck Master William's dick, save Julia the trouble and you all the mental anguish."

Everyone had a good laugh over that, even Master laughing as he imagined himself sucking a big cock. Things took an interesting twist after that. Shasta wanted to know about male slaves. When asked why, she explained she hadn't had sex with anyone since her rape, not liking women and not trusting men. When she got an explanation of how male slavery worked, she thought it might be a way to start having sex with people again. Marcia got some male slave items including a cock cage and demonstrated the equipment on Sam. I could see a cock cage on a male being as bad as the Slave Trainer on a female.

She said it was too bad she didn't have room for another person in her house, which is when Master and William told her they were giving her a house. Finding out William was giving her a house, she knelt at his feet, I thought momentarily she'd submit as a sex slave to him. She only wanted to thank him on her knees though. She hugged him and the only other people I'd seen her hug as fiercely were her son and mother.

"It's been a real interesting evening," Dan said. "The food was exquisite and the conversation interesting and stimulating. I think I understand a lot more about my son and his family than I used to. Once again, I'm impressed with Mr. Thornhill's charity and humanity, and find his and Sam's reasoning for sharing each other's wives to be compelling. I can't remember an evening I've enjoyed more."

The evening meal over, Brianna told Cindy she would be spending the night with her and asking Monique to show everyone to their rooms. Master Thornhill and Evelyn were in Sam's spare room and I was certain there'd be lots of fucking there tonight.

"Mistress Brianna," Master's mother said, "there is one other matter which needs to be discussed before we seek our rooms."

"What would that be?" Brianna asked. 

"While we were being served our dinner, one of your slaves was impertinent, asking about my husbands cock and whether it could be used by her without nary a word of consultation with me as his wife."

"Don't tell me. It was Dawn. She's the only one who cares that much for cock she'd be blatantly asking for it."

"I think that was her name," Sandy said. She pointed at Dawn. "That was the one."

"Dawn, step forward," Brianna said. 

She stepped towards her Mistress. "Yes, Mistress."

"Did you indeed speak to Miss Sandy or Master Dan about using his cock?"

"To be honest, Mistress, I was speaking to Master Scott about the use of his cock this weekend, but I did ask about the availability of his father's. I wondered if he was available to play."

"Is this true, Scott?"

"Yes, Brianna, though with my mother right beside me, she heard the request as well."

"Sandra, what do you wish to do with this slave?"

"I was wondering if my husband could spank her ass for her impertinence and then she be given to us for the rest of the night?"

Brianna laughed. "You're playing right into her hands, Sandy. She'd like nothing more to have her ass punished by Dan and spend the night with both of you."

"Then we both get what we want," Sandy said, "and she may not feel as happy about the result once my Master lays his hands on her. I don't think he'll be as gentle as what she's used to."

Dan spoke quietly to his wife. "Are you sure this is what you want, dear?"

"I've enjoyed the renewal of our activities and female slaves have proven very capable of giving me pleasure, Daniel. We've both enjoyed everything that's happened. I say let's go for it and enjoy every second."

Dan asked, "What would the normal punishment be for her impertinence, Mistress Brianna?"

"Twenty-five strokes with the hand or the paddle. Do you wish the punishment to be public or private?"

"As public as it can be," Dan said. "Do you have some stocks?"

"The ones your son built into my bed. I just recently learned of that particular functionality. I'd like to have the other aspects of the bed demonstrated while Scott's here."

"I think the punishment should be witnessed by as many as can fit in your bedroom," Dan said. 

"We can handle as many as are in the dining room and perhaps a few others."

"Can I fuck her when her spanking is over?" Dan asked. 

"Certainly. It's what she wants anyway," Brianna laughed. "A good fucking. It might solve another problem I was having."

"What's that?" Dan asked. 

"I was wondering what to do with Shasta, knowing she wasn't into women. I don't have enough beds. She'd have been squished between two women. If Dawn spends the night with you, it opens up a spot in her bed. Shasta would you have an objection to spending the night with Lucia?"

"I could spend the night with her," Shasta said, looking at Lucia. They hugged.

"Monique, please lead the way to my bedroom and see that Dawn is placed in the stocks."

"Yes, Mistress. Come along, Dawn."

Monique led Dawn to Brianna's bedroom, everyone else following along behind. Monique fastened Dawn into the built in stocks. I showed her how they could be adjusted upward, so we raised them until Dawn was bent over with her back parallel to the floor. Her cunt glistened. She was looking forward to her fucking.

"Do you have spreader bars," Dan asked.

Monique started to get some, but I showed her the built in one attached to the bottom of the footboard. 

"You really must show me everything this bed can do, Julia," Brianna said. "This is remarkable."

"Yes, Mistress," I replied.

"What paddle do you normally use for punishment?" Dan asked.

He was handed a heavy leather paddle, fairly broad across the spanking surface. He smacked his hand with it.

"Nice, I can see why you women might use it. It's got a nice weight to it, but I'm afraid I'd hurt her with this. I think I'll just use my hand. Sandy, dear, you want to get her ready?"

"Certainly, Master."

Sandy leaned over next to Dawn's head. "You may cum, slave. Orgasms will be very difficult for you to obtain tonight. Enjoy this one while you can."

Sandra started stroking and playing with Dawn's pussy, over the outside, a finger sliding through her cleft, then inserting a couple fingers, finger fucking her, playing with her clit. It didn't take long before Dawn was shivering in orgasm.

"She's prepared, Master," Sandy said.

Dan began his spanking and Dawn was jumping and howling from the get go. She had nowhere to go and she couldn't escape and Dan's hand fell with metronome regularity, turning her cute ass red, then dark red. She was crying within ten strokes, tears falling down, sobbing loudly. Dan had no pity. As far as I could tell, every one was as hard and loud as the previous one with no deviation at all. 

Finished with the spanking, Dan released his rigid cock from his pants and slammed into Dawn's open cunt with brutal force, making her cry out almost as loud as the spanking had. 

"What is the punishment for cumming without permission?" Sandy asked.

"Twenty-five more strokes," Brianna replied.

"Do you hear that, slave?" Sandy said softly to Dawn. "Twenty-five more just like those if you cum. I suggest you don't orgasm until you have permission."

Dawn nodded, unable to speak for her crying. 

"Do you have any lube, Monique?" Sandy asked.

"I'll get some," Monique replied, glancing sideways at Dawn. 

She got it from a bedside drawer and handed it to Sandy. Sandy poured a little into Dawn's ass crack and started slicking up Dawn's bottom. I wondered if Dan was planning to switch from fucking her cunt to her buttocks, but he stayed where he was, pounding his prick in Dawn's pussy.

Sandy had other ideas. As soon as Dawn's painful whimpers started changing to erotic moans, Sandy started playing with Dawn's dangling breasts with one hand while fucking a finger into her lubed asshole with the other. 

Within a couple minutes, Dawn was begging to cum. 

"No, slave. No cumming quite yet. Twenty-five more spanks if you cum. Be a good girl and hold it."

There was no way Dawn wanted another spanking so soon after the last one. She was doing everything in her power to keep from cumming. Sandy was doing everything in her power to make her cum, in conjunction with the hard fucking she was getting from Dan. Her expression became more frantic as her orgasm got closer without receiving permission yet.

"Please Master Dan, Miss Sandy. Please let me cum. I can't hold it much longer."

"I'm sorry, dear. You still don't have permission to cum yet."

If you looked up desperation in the dictionary, it would be perfectly described by the look on Dawn's face at that moment. She was fighting, but she was losing. She knew she'd be getting another spanking on her torturously sore bottom. 

At the exact moment she was about to give in the inevitable and take her punishment just to be allowed to cum, Sandy told her she could cum now. It was an explosive orgasm. Dawn was still spasming three minutes later. Her palpitating pussy must have been what Dan was waiting for. He grunted in a decidedly masculine fashion and pumped his sperm deep into Dawn's cunt. He was still spewing his cum when Dawn's orgasm was ending. 

He pulled out and Sandy started cleaning his cock. Dawn sank down as much as the stocks would allow.

"My, my, my," Brianna said. "That was quite impressive. Listen up ladies. Any punishments to be doled out this weekend will be done by Master Dan Rivers."

There was a low buzz as the slaves spoke quietly to one another, discussing this bit of news.

"I think Evelyn will receive tomorrow's spanking from him as well," William Thornhill said, "without the fucking at the end, of course."

"Yes, Master," Evelyn replied. She shivered a little. 

"Dan, you surprise me," Brianna said. "I was under the understanding you didn't practice Domination that much any more."

"I've been doing it for over thirty years," he replied. "It's kind of like riding a bicycle. You don't really forget. Plus, I've been doing it more frequently the last few months. I've recently been reminded how much fun it is." He looked at Master and us, Master's slaves.

Brianna laughed. "They've been entertaining to us as well. Dawn, since you're spending the night with Master Dan and Sandy, you may take them to their room when you're released."

"Yes, Mistress," she mumbled.

I helped Monique release Dawn and eased her to a standing position. Her buttocks were still dark red, though I didn't think she'd bruise.

"How did you like your spanking, Dawn?" I asked. "Was it as you imagined it would be?"

"That was the hardest spanking I've ever received in my life," Dawn said ruefully. "He's an old codger. I didn't expect it to hurt so bad."

"Are you calling my Master an old codger, slave?" Sandy asked, close enough to hear her words.

"Yes, Miss Sandy. I'm sorry, Miss Sandy," Dawn begged. "Please forgive me."

Sandy laughed. "He certainly doesn't fuck like an 'old codger', does he?"

"No, Miss Sandy. He certainly doesn't."

"I still need to be taken care of, slave. Lead us to our room. If you're lucky and pleasing, perhaps he'll show you he doesn't lick cunt like an 'old codger' either. Master, I hope you enjoyed fucking this impetuous young slave."

"I certainly did," Dan admitted. 

"Good. Her ass felt quite tight. I'm sure you'll enjoy fucking it as well and I'm almost certain she'll earn another spanking or two by cumming without permission. She hasn't had the amount of training I have."

Dan kissed Sandy. "No, she hasn't. Thank you, dear. Lead on, slave. You have work to do."

"Yes, Master Dan. Your bag has been delivered to your room."

"It doesn't look as though we'll need much in the way of clothes this weekend," Dan laughed as Dawn led them away.

All of the people but Brianna, Cindy, Monique and Adele were shooed out of Brianna's room. Zoe and Lucia led us to our room before taking Shasta to hers. It had a king sized bed.

"I'm sorry it's not larger," Lucia apologized, "since the four of you are sharing it."

"We'll make do," Master replied. "You should be going to the hospital soon to deliver, won't you Zoe."

"About ten days, fingers crossed. Now I partially understand what Mistress went through, though she had twins."

"I can't wait myself," I said. "Carrying a bowling ball around in your belly is not my idea of fun and I want to get thin again so Master can pound me the way Dawn got fucked tonight."

Zoe laughed. "It did look fun, even for a lesbo like me. That spanking though, whoo."

"Don't get into trouble this weekend," I advised.

"But you almost have to, just to see what it's like. Monique, Marcia and Chantelle were all dripping. They love good hard spankings. I wonder if Sam would let Dan spank his two if they were disobedient?"

"You like getting spanked?" Shasta asked. "That looked nasty."

"On the whole," I answered. "It's part of the slave experience. It's not all fucking. It's the whole package. If you're going to get a submissive male slave, you'll need to learn to punish him. It will be part of what he expects from the experience."

"How is that not abuse? Rhonda, how come no one get arrested, they do shit like that?"

"Because it's not against our will. We willingly submit to our dominants. A spanking is not unwanted, and can be enjoyable on many levels. You saw how Dawn orgasmed after her spanking. It wasn't so bad she didn't find immediate pleasure from what followed, even as hard as Dan fucked her sore ass. You may not enjoy being struck, and I know how it might be difficult for you, but every submissive finds it pleasant on some level, or we wouldn't choose to be slaves. It's our choice. Somebody isn't smacking us around because they want to; they're doing it because we want them to. It's more controlled than you think. You saw how Master Dan hit his hand with the paddle first. He was testing the paddle on himself, so he knew if he could use it on Dawn. She may not have realized it would hurt as much as it did, but she liked it. We'll know how much she liked it if she gives more sass to Dan and Sandy, this weekend." 

"I suspect she's got a bit more sass," I laughed. "I don't know about the rest of you, but that was arousing as hell to me and I need to cum. Master, please fuck Lisa tonight. I want to take advantage of the gentleness of my slave's tongue." I kissed Zoe and Lucia goodnight, squeezed Shasta's hand. "Zoe, perhaps we'll be able to pleasure each other some time this weekend. Maybe when we punish Cindy for spying on you and Master while you were in college."

"No bumping bellies," Zoe laughed. "We're both too big." 

Lucia said, "Come with me, Shasta. I'll show you where you're sleeping. I suspect your things were brought to my room after Dawn ended up in Master Dan's."

She led her away. I lay down on the bed and spread my legs for my slave. Rhonda obediently crawled between them and began to pleasure me. I was cumming in no time.

******

SCOTT

All three of my slaves sucked my cock in the morning, Rhonda swallowing my load so she could cum early and often today. We went down to breakfast. Neither Sam nor William were there with their slaves yet. Nor were my parents or Dawn. Lucia and Shasta were dining on a simple breakfast, chatting. Brianna and my sister were there. They were chatting too, or perhaps I should say Brianna was talking and Cindy was listening, pantingly, as Brianna fingered her while speaking. It looked as though Cindy needed to cum, her hips moving in response to the two fingers inserted deep in her cunt. Shit, I started getting hard again.

Breakfast this morning was buffet style, some breakfast meats, scrambled eggs, waffles, looking nothing like what Chantelle usually served, so I guessed she was not in the kitchen this morning. We grabbed some food and sat down next to Shasta and Lucia. Shasta was naked. 

"Did you sleep well, ladies?" I asked politely, trying to keep my mind off my sister.

"Too well," Lucia said, teasingly. "All sleep and no play. It's too bad Shasta doesn't like the ladies. I love to eat dark meat."

Surprisingly, Shasta laughed. "I'll bet you say that to all the women you bed down with."

"So true," Lucia admitted. 

It seemed Cindy was finally being allowed to cum. Strangled moans emanated from her lips as she froze in place, her body vibrating like a tuning fork. My dick got harder. Brianna didn't stop. There was a small puddle on the chair beneath Cindy's bottom, leakage from her flowing cunt. Brianna kissed her panting lips.

"Lisa, dear one," Julia said. "Master is embarrassing himself at the moment. Could you please take care of his cock for him? I'll finish your breakfast and get you some more hot food when you're done. I'm so hungry all the time."

"Yes, sister slave" Lisa said. "I won't make you get on the floor in your delicate condition. It's a good thing I love Master's cum so much."

Lisa got on the floor between my legs and took my swollen cock between her lips. Christ, it felt like I hadn't cum for a week, it was so hard. Julia had me pass her Lisa's plate and finished the rest of the food on it. She waited until I groaned, pulsing my load deep in Lisa's throat before she got up and got Lisa more food.

Lisa was coming up from under the table after cleaning me off when my parents and Dawn came in. They looked at the food on the buffet table and then Mom and Dad told Dawn what they wanted for breakfast and sat down while Dawn prepared their food. Dawn's ass was still red. I didn't think Dad's spanking from last night would still be visible this morning. It was hard but not brutally so. 

"You're ass is still red," I commented to her since we were near the buffet.

"I was only permitted to cum four times last night."

"That isn't what I asked you."

"I orgasmed eight times."

"So a hundred more strokes," I said.

"Only 75. I'm still owed 25. Every time my ass started to cool down a little, I'd receive another. I think your mother didn't appreciate me calling your father an old codger. How the hell should I know he can still fuck like a twenty year old, except he lasts longer."

We all laughed. "This place is very stimulating to Master's," Julia said. "So many beautiful submissive slaves to be found here. Master had to be sucked for the second time this morning to keep his cock from jutting out like a flag pole."

"Is it still warm?" I asked.

"Feel for yourself," Dawn replied. 

So each of us fingered her ass, Dawn groaning each time. It was still warm to the touch. Her pussy was leaking juice, which Rhonda wiped on her fingers and licked off. 

She brought the food to my parents. My Mother invited her to sit down, since their were empty chairs to be had.

"No thank you, Miss Sandra," Dawn replied. "I'll kneel."

"Since you're going to be on your knees anyway, perhaps you can lick my cunt some more. You're quite skilled at it."

"Yes, Miss Sandy. Lots of practice."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
Mom spread her legs and Dawn went between them and started dining on something other than food. Just great, I was surrounded by family members having their genitalia caressed and pleasured. I felt my cock start to fill with blood again.

William Thornhill and Sam came in with their slaves. All the slaves had that just fucked look I recognized from my own. They got some food and took a seat at the table. This time, Evelyn knelt at the feet of her own Master and Marcia with hers. They took note of the activity around the table, but paid it no mind. Slaves were frequently used at Brianna's.

Cindy climaxed again, followed shortly by my mother. Brianna finally withdrew her fingers from Cindy's cunt and had Cindy lick them clean, followed by the small puddle on her chair. Cindy remained kneeling on the floor when she finished. Brianna stood up and addressed my parents.

"Mr. and Mrs. Rivers, after a fruitful discussion last night and this morning, your daughter has consented to join my household as one of my slaves. I can use her talents in graphic design and photography for my jewelry business and as a beautiful young woman, she can also model my jewelry in catalogs and personal showings. I will give her my collar in a ceremony this morning. Adele and Dorinda are making her collar now. You are invited to attend. She'll be pierced tomorrow before she leaves. 

"She needs a month to put her affairs in order in North Carolina and she'll be returning permanently when they are. Since today and tomorrow morning is the last time she'll be allowed to cum until she returns, she'll be serving as a pleasure slave for anyone who may legally use her until tomorrow morning. Anyone wishing to use her, may, including any of the men who care to use her. She tells me that until recently, she'd never fucked women before. Since it may be a very long time before she gets another cock, I particularly invite the men to fuck her to remind her of what she'll be missing in the future. She'll be chained in my bedroom from her collaring on. Until ten tonight, she's available to anyone. After ten tonight, I'll be retiring and only the women sharing my bed may use her. Cindy, go greet your parents and all the others present."

Cindy got up from her knees and went to my parents, across the table from me.

"Is this what you want, Cindy?" Mom asked, wanting to be sure.

"Yes, Mother, it is."

"Will you be happy?" Dad asked.

"Yes, Daddy. Very happy. I believe this is what was missing from my life." 

"That's all that matters then. You have my blessings, Cindy."

She went to Marcia next, who welcomed her into the sisterhood of slaves. 

Sam said, "William and I will probably do a double penetration of you later."

I felt the familiar blackness wash over me when I thought of another man using my wife, but it wasn't my wife; it was my sister. I was so fucked up. Julia squeezed my hand. I looked at her. She shook her head, warning me. She knew me so well. 

She leaned close to me. "It's for the best, Master," she whispered. "Let her go. She can never be yours."

I took a deep breath and felt the tight bands around my chest loosen.

Cindy said to Sam and Thornhill, "Thank you, Masters. I know I shall enjoy it."

She probably would. Sex slaves loved sex. Chantelle and Evelyn kissed her. William cupped a bare breast, thumbing a turgid nipple. I took a couple more deep breaths.

Cindy came around the end of the table. Julia told Cindy they'd all be in to fuck her later. 

"I don't know how I'll get by without sex for a whole month," Cindy confided. "The last two weeks have been amazing."

"You will because you have no choice," Lisa said. "You no longer own your cunt. It belongs to Mistress Brianna, or will after she collars you."

She kissed Lucia and Shasta and returned to kneel at the feet of her new Mistress, who parted her legs so Cindy could pleasure her. 

"Evelyn requires her morning spanking," William Thornhill said. "Dan, would you please accept the responsibility of spanking her for me."

Dad looked at the lovely slave. "I'd be happy to."

"Just let us finish eating," William said.

He started feeding his slave, who didn't seem too hungry, perhaps thinking of my father's heavy hand on her bottom. They hurried through their food, no need to linger over it or savor it. They wanted to proceed to other things. The food over, Thornhill stood up and extended his hand to his slave, helping her to rise to her feet.

"Are you ready for your spanking, little one?"

"Yes, Master."

Dad had finished too. He and mother both stood up, Dad saying, "Come along, Dawn. You don't get to skip the last of your spankings either."

"No, Master Dan." 

Dawn got to her feet. There was a large living room in the house with many comfortable seating areas scattered around, with one big chair the focal point of the room, almost like a throne. I imagine it was where Brianna held court for indoor meetings. I didn't hear any announcements, but the room soon filled with slaves coming to witness the punishments. Dad sat in the big chair.

Dad asked Mr. Thornhill how many swats his slave received every morning.

"Fifty, good sir."

"Do you use your hand, or a paddle?"

"Either, but I'd like you to use your hand."

"Good, I prefer to use my hand anyway, to feel your slave's naked ass moving under it. Dawn, I'll start with you, to get myself warmed up." He patted his knee.

Dawn obediently placed herself over his knees. Her ass was still red from her previous spanking whenever that was.

"Will you let me cum, sir, or am I to be tormented some more?" Dawn asked.

"Do you promise to behave the rest of our visit?"

"I don't think it's possible for me to promise that, sir. Sometimes things just pop out of my mouth without thinking."

"An honest answer, slave. Very well, you may cum, but you must ask first."

"Yes, sir."

"Keep count and thank me for each one. If you lose count, we start at the beginning. Sandra, make sure this slaves count is accurate."

"Yes, Master." Both answering on the echo.

Without further preamble, my father's hand came down with a hard thwack which jiggled Dawn's delectable ass in a very appealing way. Her ass grew redder in that spot. She whimpered. "One, thank you, sir," she gasped. His hand dropped again on her other cheek. Smack. "Two, thank you, sir." Smack. "Three, thank you, sir."

On and on, swat after swat. Tears flowed from her eyes after five. Her ass grew redder, darker, as it was when she came for breakfast, then past it. She was groaning with each one, but never forgetting to keep up the count. After nineteen, Dawn asked for permission to cum.

Dad paused. "It's nearly done. Do you think you can wait until the end?"

"I'm not certain, sir," Dawn replied.

"Try to hold out for the last one," Dad said, "but if you need to cum sooner, you may."

"Yes, sir."

She made it to twenty-three, cumming hard. Father pushed two fingers in her twat, diddling her, making her orgasm extend longer, her body pulsing around his digits.

"Thank you, sir," she gasped as she quivered. Dad made her lick his fingers after her orgasm ended.

Brianna finally came into the room, Cindy crawling behind her, face wet from her Mistress's cum. Zoe, Monique, Dorinda and Adele were with her, all of them finding seats on a large couch which had been left open for them. Except for Cindy. She knelt at their feet. Since Adele and Dorinda were there, I assumed Cindy's collar was now done.

Her orgasm over, Dad gave Dawn the final two strokes, as measured and ponderous as the previous twenty-three.

"Since your slave is getting fifty swats, William, perhaps your slave should cum first. Fifty is hard to take."

"Please, call me Bill. All my friends do, Dan. Would you like to cum first, slave?"

"Yes, please, Master."

"You may, as long as you do it yourself, before all of these other slaves. Show them what a slut you are."

Evelyn reddened, but she wanted to cum before her spanking so her hand went down to her cunt and she stroked herself. She quickly built to an orgasm which would release endorphins into her body, making the spanking less painful. Perhaps she was already on edge from what she witnessed, as she orgasmed quickly, within a few minutes, her honey running down her legs as she moaned.

Having cum, she laid herself over my father's knees, head down, bottom up. Dad's cock was hard after giving Dawn her spanking. I'm sure Evelyn felt it pressing up against her stomach.

"You heard my directions to Dawn," Dad said. "You must do the same. Keep count and thank me after each one. If you need to cum, ask for permission. Only your Master can grant it; I won't."

"Yes, sir."

His hand dropped. Evelyn squealed. The imprint of Dad's big hand appeared on her bottom, the cheek facing Thornhill. Dad waited. "One, thank you, sir," she gasped, a tear already forming in her eye. Smack, his imprint appearing on her other cheek. "Two, thank you, sir," she got out before the next one dropped. And so it went. As she was getting so many, Dad spread them all over her bottom, from the top of her crease, to the tops of her thighs. It was all red, his handprints no longer visible in the overall spread of red. Somewhere after thirty, she asked permission to cum, even though she was sobbing by this point. Apparently, she'd found her way into subspace.

"You may cum, slave. Dan, please extend and enrich my slave's orgasm as you did for Dawn."

Evelyn had begun cumming as soon as her Master granted his permission. Dad inserted two fingers into her steamy pussy and sent her off higher. She was moaning vociferously.

Her orgasm finally ending, Dad gave her the rest of her spanking. Before he finished, she wanted to cum again. Bill gave his permission and she squirmed on Dad's lap again. When Dad finally finished, all four men were sporting erections. Dawn sucked off Dad with Mother's encouragement. Sam was fucking Marcia, I was fucking Lisa, and William was fucking Evelyn, moans and groans evenly divided between pleasure and pain as he plunged into her wet cunt hard. There seemed to be collective moans from everyone when we climaxed. Four slaves cleaned the cocks of their Master's afterward.

When activity died down, Brianna announced, "Zoe informs me she has learned Cindy used to spy on her and Scott fucking. Dan, if you knew of this activity by your teenage daughter, would she have been punished?"

"Of course."

"Would she have been spanked?"

"Not at that age. Probably grounded and made to apologize."

"Well, she can be spanked now, but instead of you doing it, I suggest William as you just spanked his wife, so he should spank your daughter. Fifty seems right to me."

"Agreed. I relinquish my seat to him."

They exchanged places, Dad pulling Mom into his lap. 

"Crawl over to Bill and ask him to spank your naughty ass for spying on your brother and his girlfriend fucking," Brianna said. "If he gets hard during your spanking, he may fuck you."

"Yes, Mistress."

Cindy crawled over to Bill. "Master Thornhill, I spied on my brother and his girlfriend fucking when they were dating. I was very bad and should be punished. Would you please administer fifty strokes to my bare ass?"

"Over my lap, slave." 

"Yes, Master."

Cindy draped herself over Thornhill's lap. I felt myself getting hard again. Julia whispered to Rhonda to suck my cock nice and slow. "Don't let him cum until Cindy does."

"Yes, Domina."

Thank God my erection would be explained by Rhonda's oral devotion to my prick, and not my interest in my sister.

Julia got up and approached Zoe.

"Would you like to cum, Zoe?" She asked.

"I would love to cum, Julia." She parted her legs and Julia knelt between them, lapping at my former girlfriend's liquid folds.

William gave Cindy a fifty swat spanking. Like Evelyn, she eventually climaxed from the spanking alone. Bill slid three fingers into Cindy's cunt to extend and enhance her orgasm, her womanly fluids sticking like honey to his fingers as he fucked her through her climax. I was straining my release into Rhonda's mouth at the same time, momentarily forgetting his fingers sluicing through her cunt. Zoe's back was arching through her second climax on Julia's tongue. Mom was cumming on Dad's fingers, and I was transfixed by the sight of mother and daughter cumming together, their expressions so alike as they climaxed.

Despite having just cum, Bill was hard when he finished Cindy's spanking so he bent over the back of the chair and plunged into her sopping pussy and fucked her hard, slamming against her reddened buttocks until he grunted and flooded her cunt with his cum. I took two more deep, calming breaths. She can never be yours, I thought. She can never be yours. You've got three slaves available for your use. Don't think about your sister.

I saw Julia looking at me, face smeared with Zoe's cum, a brief smile flashed in understanding of my dark mood.

******

JULIA

Poor Master had such a glum face when Bill was fucking his sister. I saw him take a couple deep breaths, trying to calm himself. He looked at me and I gave him a quick smile, knowing how he felt. 

Nobody cleaned Cindy's cunt when Bill finished fucking her, though Evelyn cleaned his cock. His cum was dripping down her legs. There was a table beside the couch with a box of tissues. I pulled out four or five and went up to Cindy, silently wiping the mess from her pussy. I kissed her. Her face still had Brianna's drying cum on it. "Welcome to your slavery," I whispered.

"Thank you, Julia."

"Cindy," Brianna announced, "it's time for you to be collared. Go clean your face."

"Yes, Mistress."

Cindy disappeared and soon returned, tidied up, her face now clean, though I was sure it would have more girl cum on it soon. She knelt at her Mistress's feet.

Brianna stood up and Adele handed her a collar. It was metal and golden, though I didn't know if it was gold or just colored similarly. It would go well with her blonde hair. It had a ring on the front, but otherwise seemed unadorned from my vantage point. 

"Lower your eyes and bow down your neck, slave," Brianna ordered. "Pull your hair off of your neck."

"Yes, Mistress," Cindy said, complying, baring her neck.

"Do you agree to submit to me as my sex slave, in accordance with the agreement we reached last night and the paperwork you signed this morning. To obey me in all matters as it pertains to that agreement. To surrender all three of your fuck holes to me and my will. To be available to me at all times for my pleasure and the pleasure of others I designate. To obey Monique and Adele as if the orders come from me. To subsume your will to mine, including your orgasms, your pleasure, your pain. To dress as I will it, to work for my company and help me to grow it. To model for it, including nude, to show off my jewelry to others. To agree to the piercing of your body for that purpose, including your tits, labia, and nose, tomorrow and perhaps other piercings in the future as we agree upon them?"

"I willingly submit myself to you and your will, Mistress Brianna. I claim you as my Mistress, with all that entails."

"From tomorrow forward, you foreswear cock unless you desire to get pregnant or I otherwise grant you permission."

"Yes, Mistress."

"Then accept my collar." Brianna placed it around her neck, and it locked in place. "This collar will never be removed by anyone other than myself, or in the event of my untimely death, Monique or Adele. While you are back in North Carolina to order your affairs there, it will not come off for any reason. When you are working, you will wear it as it is now. From the moment you leave work until the moment you return, you will hook this tag on the ring." Brianna hooked it on the collar even as she spoke. 

"It identifies you as my property. You will not be issued your cuffs until after you return. When your brother has his bonding ceremony with his slaves in May, you may determine at that time if you wish to continue as my slave. If you do, I will hold a bonding ceremony with you at the same time, making our arrangement more permanent. Until then, you may leave me at any time you wish with written notification you no longer wish to remain my slave. After your bonding ceremony you may only surrender your slavery to me with written notice and a waiting period of three months, unless I approve your release from my service earlier. Do you agree to my terms, slave?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"Because you are giving up cock excepting with my permission and will not be given permission to cum while you're away, you will be leashed to my bed all day. Your condition will be monitored by me, Zoe, Monique or Adele. We will release you for bathroom breaks and food. We will provide water for you to drink and occasionally clean you if you become too messy. Everyone who isn't an immediate family member will be given access to your body and all three of its holes if they wish it. That will end at ten tonight when I will retire and you will service me and whoever I choose alone. Tomorrow morning, your piercing will take place. Do you have any questions?"

"No, Mistress."

"You may stand and display slave, so that others my inspect my new property."

"Mistress Brianna," I said. "If I might make a suggestion?"

"What Julia?"

"Masters Sam and William indicated earlier at breakfast they intended to double penetrate the new slave. If you have enema equipment available, might her ass be cleansed beforehand? It will make the whole process less messy. I will assist her in the process."

"I have enema equipment," Marcia said. "It would make sense, Mistress Brianna."

"No, I have no objection to her cleansing."

"Thank you, Mistress Brianna," I said.

Cindy had a look of consternation on her face. She recalled what having her ass cleansed meant. I took her hand and said she would do fine and not to worry about what would happen. We followed Marcia back to her house. She gave me everything I needed for the servicing of the new slave. As I prepared the equipment, I explained the purpose of it. 

"We're going to give you multiple enemas until the water expelled from your bottom is clear. After your ass has been cleansed, if it gets fucked, you can clean the Master's cock with your mouth, and someone can suck and lick the cum from your ass without everything being all nasty. I don't know if the Master would require you to do it, or one of their own slaves, but whoever does it shouldn't have to suck on a shit stained cock."

"I don't even know these people and I'm going to be sucking a cock which fucked my ass!" Cindy exclaimed. 

"Welcome to the life of a slave. All three of us have done Master that way. You sucked Master's cock after it came out of Lisa. This won't be any different except it's your own ass."

"But it was Master's cock. I might have sucked it even if it had shit on it because it was his."

"I know, slave, but you are owned by Brianna now. You fuck and suck whoever she wants you to. Once we know our ass is clean, there is no difference in what cock was in it. We can't cleanse you all of the time because it wipes out helpful bacteria in your bottom, but it can be done on a weekly basis, and it really does feel nice knowing it's been cleaned out once in awhile. Not to mention, Masters love it when you'll suck them after an ass fucking. They're grateful you're willing to do it. Plus, it's much less messy and you don't need a washcloth to clean up afterward. I know you were double penetrated by two slave girls with dildos, but live cocks are so much better. Fully expect to cum and cum. Hopefully, they'll give you permission to orgasm, because I promise you will. Some of the best orgasms in your life. I wonder if Brianna would let your father and brother fuck your face so you could have all three holes filled at once. You would go to heaven. If all three of them manage to cum at once, there's nothing else like it."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
"I almost forgot you've been airtight."

I laughed. "Airtight and loved it." I showed her how to get the mild soapy water mixture into her bowels. 

"Hold it in as long as you can. When you can't hold it any longer, sit on the toilet and expel the dirty water. Then we do it again. Usually two or three times does the trick. Then I like to follow with a rinse of plain water to get the last of the soap out."

I stayed with her until the process was complete, then we took a shower together. We went back to the main house and Cindy was taken away by Monique. 

I returned to Master and his other two slaves.

"You smell clean," he said. 

"I like the shower gel they use. I'll try to get some for us next time I go shopping. I have a suggestion for you, Master."

"I generally like your suggestions, slave. Tell me."

"Since your father and mother seem to have agreed to take full advantage of this weekend and all that's available to them, perhaps you and Dan can share Dawn and double fuck her. I know Dawn would enjoy it."

"I'll check and see if he's amenable to the suggestion. He might be."

"My only other suggestion is you do it when Masters Sam and William are using Cindy. It might make it easier to put it out of your mind."

He smiled at me. "You really are amazing, Julia."

"Thank you, Master."

He went to talk to his father and mother and apparently, made some sort of agreement on the matter. Dawn looked pleased. Lisa, Rhonda and I agreed we'd use Cindy around ten. All of us. I got an even better idea. Why not include Zoe when we went.

"Zoe, do you have any kind of fixed schedule as to who is looking after Cindy?" I asked.

"No, why do you ask?"

"Lisa, Rhonda and I were going to make use of Cindy's services at ten. Why don't you take over for whoever is watching her then, and we'll make it a foursome."

Zoe laughed. "You and me, fucking Scott's sister together. How droll."

"The only thing which might make it more fun is if Master snuck in to watch, like she watched you and Master."

She laughed again. "I'll have to suggest it to him. Ten you say?"

"Yes, ten, but tell him not to come in until she's well on her way to getting fucked."

She kissed me. "This is going to be fun."

"I love to dominate women. I have something special planned."

Because I still hadn't cum this morning, I had Rhonda lick my cunt until our time approached. I had five wonderful orgasms and the day was barely started.

At ten, I nodded to Zoe and grabbed Rhonda's and Lisa's hand. We went to Mistress Brianna's bedroom. Monique was watching Cindy. Jade and Cindy were in a sixty-nine, both of their faces glazed with cum. Cindy's collar was fastened to one of the suspension hooks on the bed. She appeared to have about ten feet of rope so she could move to any point on the bed. Zoe took over for Monique and we waited for Jade to be done. After her next orgasm, she got up and thanked Cindy for her pleasure. We nodded to her as she left and I was swept by a wave of anticipation. 

"All four of us are going to fuck you, Cindy," I said. "You're going to start by licking Zoe's cunt for spying on her and Master. I want you to lie on the bed with your legs spread and arms at your side. You are not to move from that position, no matter what. I want you to act as if your body is encased in cement. From the moment I say so, nothing may move except your fingers and toes, and your head and mouth. Everything else remains still. If anything else moves, you won't be allowed to cum unless you have my permission, and I'm unlikely to give it to disobedient slaves. Do you understand?"

Rhonda smiled at me as my explanation went on, understanding Cindy's dilemma.

"Yes, Domina."

"Your legs need to be a little farther apart. That's good. Zoe, mount her face. Lisa and Rhonda lick her tits, I'll lick her cunt. If anyone sees her move, tell me and she goes on orgasm restriction."

Of course, I didn't expect her to be able to remain immovable. It was hard for a slave not to respond when she cums, and Cindy was a slave now, in every sense of the word. Everyone took their position.

"Don't move," I said, before diving into the liquid honey in front of me. Cindy had cum often already today, and her thighs were moist with her spend. She lasted longer than I expected. We waited until both Cindy and Zoe had cum, then everyone moved one position counter-clockwise. Zoe went to her right tit, and I went to her left. Rhonda got her cunt and Lisa got her mouth. 

Rhonda was the best cunt licker of the three of Master's slaves. Both Lisa and I agreed she was better than either of us. More practice for a longer period of time, so I wasn't surprised when Cindy started to vibrate just before she climaxed. Not moving really, just shaking. I heard the bedroom door click. I glanced up. It was Master. Cindy couldn't see because Lisa was sitting over her face. I mouthed the words, 'say something', hoping Master would understand what I wanted. He did.

"What the fuck is going on here! My sister fucking my wife, my ex-girlfriend and my two slaves! What kind of slut are you anyway?"

Cindy's back arched in orgasm, unable to contain herself once she knew her brother was watching. Her moans were spectacular. Lisa climaxed as well. 

"It's too bad slave, you moved. Looks like you don't get any more orgasms while we're here," I said. "I thought it was only appropriate Master watch you fucking Zoe since you watched him fuck her. Time to switch again."

We all moved. I gave Master time to see the cum glazing Cindy's face before settling over her face and feeling her tongue delve into my pussy.

"Zoe, don't let this slave cum again. You can bring her close, but not over the top. Master do you want to stay and watch your sister pleasure your wife until she cums?"

"Don't mind if I do." He sat down on the edge of bed and watched me cover Cindy's face in my juices until I moaned and orgasmed, drenching her face, making sure to smear my fluids all over it. Cindy moaned in frustration as Zoe brought her so close, but didn't let her climax. Master had another erection. 

We switched again and I nibbled on one of Cindy's plump nipples, eying Zoe licking and sucking the other one. Rhonda was riding Cindy's face and I was struck again by the contrast between Rhonda's dark skin and Cindy's blonde locks and pale skin. Lisa dined on Cindy's pussy but she didn't let her cum either. Cindy was one frustrated slave when we finished. Zoe got up and washed her face, on duty for awhile. The next people to enter were Sam and William. Apparently they'd rested enough from their previous orgasms and felt they could do the new slave justice.

"Master," I said, "if it's all right with you, I'd like to stay here with Zoe and watch Cindy for awhile, perhaps clean her up when they're done," looking pointedly at the two men. "I think it's time you find Dawn."

"Sure. Make sure she's all right after."

"Of course, Master."

He left, Lisa and Rhonda going with him. Cindy was sprawled out on the bed. I was sure she was anxious to feel the two cocks filling her and letting her cum again.

The two men made her kneel up and suck them to hardness, not that it required much work on her part. They'd entered to room half ready and seeing what awaited them on the bed, quickly reached maximum stiffness. Sam was much the same as Master, maybe slightly larger around. William was slightly shorter, but still nice and thick. Cindy was going to be well filled. 

"How do you want to use her, Sam?" William asked, "Top and bottom or side to side?"

"Which hole do you want?" He responded. "Ass or cunt?"

"I've had her cunt already. I'll take her ass this time."

They spoke about her as if she didn't matter. As a sex slave, Cindy existed for her Dominant's pleasure, so she didn't really matter except for that. 

"I'll get on the bottom then," Sam said. "Open her ass for you. Do we need lube?" 

William laughed. "She looks pretty lubed already. Cunt juice leaked all over her hind quarters. It wouldn't hurt us to use a little anyway. Zoe, can you give me some lube?"

"Yes, Master Bill." 

She got some from the bedside table. Sam lay down on the bed and had Cindy mount his spike. She easily slid over his prick, sliding right down to the bottom she was so wet. Sam grabbed her cheeks and spread them. William applied some lube to the rubbery opening to her ass. Both of their legs were spread so Bill had no problem kneeling between them and pointing his prick at her pucker, slowly push inside. Cindy moaned so deep in her throat it sounded like a growl. 

"You like this, slave?" Sam said, kissing her.

"Fuck yes, sir." She moaned again as Bill thrust deeper.

"Have you ever done this before?" Bill asked.

"Only two women with strap-ons, Master. I'd never been with a woman, nor two people at once before coming home for Christmas. I thought I was a slut for fucking two men on the same day."

"You'd never been with a woman before now, and you chose to submit to a Mistress?" Sam asked, amazed.

"I never formed emotional attachments to men and suspected I might be a lesbian, sir, but didn't know how to approach a woman. Too nervous I guess, thinking I wasn't normal." She moaned again as William bottomed out in her ass. "Fuck, sirs, that feels so good."

"Did your parents discourage any sign of your lesbianism?" Sam asked. "They seem pretty open to me."

"We never discussed it, sir. I just thought I needed to be with a man. My older brother was with women. My Mother was with a man. It never crossed my mind to think of a woman until a few years ago when I still wasn't close to any of the men I dated. Oh, Master's, please let me cum. Fuck!"

"You can cum, slave," William said, doing most of the driving. Cindy drove backwards against their cocks and spasmed, whimpering.

William wasn't riding her hard, but he was riding her slow and deep, his prick going from the crown until he was as far as he could go. Sam was rocking his hips up against her, but his prick only moved maybe two inches with each thrust. Neither of the men needed to cum soon, having plenty of sex already today, so they were in no hurry to get there. It was a nice slow screw. 

They apparently found a rhythm which Cindy loved. "Please keep that up, sirs; the way you're moving now is bliss. I'm going to cum again. May I cum please?"

"Go ahead, cum as much as you want as long as you're with us," Sam said.

"Oh, fuck! You were right, Julia. It's not the same as dildo's. It's so much better. I'm going to cum again, or maybe I'm still cumming."

Both of Cindy's holes looked so full, the sensitive flesh stretched around the two hard cocks filling her. Her moans and whimpers filled the room, driving the men on. The enjoyment of making this young woman squeal in pleasure music to their ears. Music to mine as well. I looked at Zoe, she looked at me. I didn't have permission to cum, but I wanted to feel someone touch me. I took her hand and placed it on my pussy, my clit a tiny spike of desire, my pussy dripping it's liquid honey at watching my sister-in-law speared on these two pricks. She did as I'd silently suggested and started stroking my wet cleft. I moaned as well.

"I don't have permission to cum, Zoe," I whispered. "Don't let me cum."

She nodded, kissing me, then whispered, "What makes you think I would stop you from cumming. I'd like to see you spanked, perhaps by Master Dan. In any event, I do have permission to cum."

She pushed my head down towards her cunt, and I lowered my head until I could lick her cunt. Since she couldn't touch me anymore, I slid my own fingers between my sopping pubic lips and slowly stroked myself as I dined on her sweet/salty honey. I would pause occasionally to keep an eye on Cindy, but not so often I didn't make Zoe cum on my tongue twice.

Cindy was sandwiched between the two men, but not so much Sam couldn't reach up and thumb the nipples on her breasts, so taut, little buttons of sensation. Cindy growled again, an animal sound, and orgasmed. I was about to cum myself, so removed my fingers from my cunt with a disappointed sigh. 

"I think I'm going to cum soon," William said. "How about you?"

"I'm pretty close," Sam responded. "You want to try and time it so we hit it together?"

"Sure," Bill panted.

"Slow down a little and I'll try to speed up."

Bill immediately went slower and Sam increased his thrusting speed. The change in rhythm caused Cindy to cum again. 

"Fuck me!" Cindy moaned, "I'm cumming again."

The contractions of her nether regions in conjunction with the new pace caused both men to groan and simultaneously spear as deeply as they could as their balls pumped their loads deep into Cindy's body. She was still cumming, feeling the warm wet fluid pumping into her, bathing her insides with cream. Everyone seemed to get limp at the same time. Both men were breathing hard. Cindy still whimpered quietly as aftershocks of her powerful orgasm caromed through her body. 

There was a process to their unwinding. Bill had to pull out first, a trail of cum leaking from Cindy's gapping sphincter as he left her, the hole slowly closing behind him. Cindy could roll sideways, Sam's shrinking cock leaving her cunt with a squelchy plop.

"Clean their cocks, slave," I reminded Cindy. "It's why we cleansed your ass today." I left off pleasuring Zoe, who'd already cum again, preparing to clean the slave.

"Yes, Domina."

She still started with Sam, leaving the one from her ass for last, still unsure of it. Cindy spent as long as she could get away with on Sam's cock; long enough he started getting hard again and nothing but saliva glistened on the growing shaft. I slapped her ass.

"Both of them, slave."

She reluctantly moved to Williams shaft, now limp, coated with his cum, water based flavored lube and mucus formed by the rectum to help ease the expulsion of fecal matter. No shit however. We'd emptied her bottom. Cindy was relieved not to find any dark material on his cock before putting it in her mouth and the taste not much different from Sam's. I likened it to a slightly earthier taste then that from a cunt, but it was not disgusting and she rapidly finished the job.

I had to ask. "Master Sam, I thought Marcia only allowed you to fuck slaves who were trying to get pregnant, with only a couple exceptions."

"That's true," Sam said, smiling. "Special dispensation was made for Cindy, since it might be the last cock she gets for awhile and Marcia thinks every woman should get to enjoy a double or triple penetration at least once in her life. Unlike Dawn, Cindy won't be able to fuck Scott to get a cock fix. I won't get to fuck her again, unless she wants to get pregnant and agrees I could be the father."

"Excuse me, Masters. I have to clean this slave." 

They nodded and left the room, and Brianna entered, with Cindy's mother, Sandy in tow.

They both watched me lick the two men's cum from Cindy's cunt and ass until it looked pristine, glistening only with my saliva.

Finishing up, I got up and asked. "I'm assuming Cindy's mother isn't in here to fuck her daughter?"

"No," Brianna laughed. "She's here to lick my cunt while I lick Cindy's. Dan and Scott are fucking Dawn and I suggested to Dan since he was taking so much time with my slave today, I should be able to enjoy his slave. I know she won't be as proficient at licking cunt as one of my slaves, but the thought of mother and daughter both fucking me at the same time tickled my funny bone. Cindy, you can cum as often as you like while riding my face."

It tickled mine as well. I stayed awhile as Brianna lay on her back and made Cindy mount her face. She spread her legs and Sandy crawled between them and started licking Brianna's pussy. Cindy could look down from her perch on Brianna's face and watch her mother's tongue slurping in Brianna's cunt. Apparently, it was highly arousing to her as Cindy climaxed three times in the eight minutes I stayed to watch. Brianna orgasmed as I slipped out the door, looking for Master.

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 47|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-47|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<i>This is Part 2 of the previous chapter of Cindy's visit to LA. A secret is revealed, getting Scott and his slaves in some hot water. Zoe has her own surprise. This chapter contains scenes of oral, anal, lesbian, interracial, multi-partner and taboo sex. Forewarned you are. STD's don't exist in this fantasy world.</i>

<b>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 47 - Cindy in LA, Pt 2</b>

SCOTT

Zoe had told me to give them a few minutes to get started before entering Brianna's bedroom. Knowing how quickly slaves climaxed, I gave it about five minutes before I went into the room. 

When I entered the bedroom, Zoe was licking and sucking Cindy's right tit, Julia was sucking her left one. Rhonda was licking her cunt and Lisa riding her mouth. Julia looked up when she heard the door, and said or mouthed something I couldn't hear, though it looked like 'say something'. At least one of the words was 'say', so I said, "What the fuck is going on here! Fucking both my wife, my ex-girlfriend and my two slaves! What kind of slut are you anyway?"

Cindy's back arched in orgasm, cumming hard. Her moans were muffled in Lisa's cunt, but still loud, she was cumming so violently. Lisa climaxed as well, moaning louder than Cindy since her mouth wasn't blocked by a soft pussy. 

"It's too bad, slave, you moved. Looks like you don't get any more orgasms while we're here," Julia said. "I thought it was only appropriate Master watch you fucking Zoe since you watched him fuck her. Time to switch again."

So there'd been some kind of game going on, Cindy told she couldn't move and moving when I spoke. They all moved one space counterclockwise, Julia moving over Cindy's mouth, drenched with cum already from who knew how many women. 

"Zoe, don't let this slave cum again," Julia said. "You can bring her close, but not over the top. Master do you want to stay and watch your sister pleasure your wife until she cums?"

"Don't mind if I do." 

I sat down on the edge of bed and watched as Cindy lapped at Julia's cunt until she moaned and climaxed, rubbing her pussy all over Cindy's face, drenching it in her juices. Cindy moaned in frustration as Zoe stopped licking her cunt because she was close to her own orgasm, not letting her climax. My cock was a steel post as I watched. 

The all switched places once more and it was Rhonda riding Cindy's fair skin with her blonde hair billowed around her face. Cindy's pale pink tongue delving into the darker pink of Rhonda's cunt. Lisa didn't let Cindy cum either, stopping before Cindy could cross the finish line, but Rhonda orgasmed hard riding Cindy's face. Cindy looked very frustrated when they finished and I would have liked nothing better than to go between her legs and give her the relief she was craving. 

Zoe got up, going to the bathroom to wash her face, now on duty watching out for Cindy. The next people to enter the room were the two men who planned to double team my sister. While I wasn't happy about it, I knew they'd give her the orgasm she needed at the moment. I nodded to them.

Julia came to me and said, "Master, if it's all right with you, I'd like to stay here with Zoe and watch Cindy for awhile, perhaps clean her up when they're done." She looked at Sam and William. "I think it's time you find Dawn."

I did too. It might be the only way I could stop thinking of their two pricks buried in her body. It's funny, but I didn't worry about Julia getting involved with the scene at all. I trusted her to do no more than what she said she'd do. I left and went to look for my father and Dawn. My level of trust in her had risen exponentially in the last month. I couldn't imagine a more devoted slave.

I found my Mom and Dad in the room we'd used for the punishments this morning. Mom and Dad were kissing deeply and passionately while Dawn was between my Mom's legs licking her. She looked like she was close to cumming, so I didn't say anything to distract them. When Mom's orgasm hit her, she grabbed Dawn's head by the hair and ground her pussy all over her face, moaning fiercely, her moans smothered in Dad's mouth. I waited until the aftershocks dies before coughing discretely. They both looked at me, and I thought Mom might push Dawn away and close her legs, but she smiled up at me, just the way she was.

"Is it time for you and my Master to double fuck this adorable young slave?" She asked. 

"It's what I was hoping for, yeah, but if you're not done yet, I can wait a few more minutes."

Mom laughed and pushed Dawn's head away, still not closing her legs. "She's given me three orgasms in the last ten minutes. I'm sure I can do without for the time being. Go ahead and fill the little slut with your cocks."

I heard a quiet "Master Rivers," behind me and both Dad and I looked up or behind me. It was Brianna with Monique. "I'm sorry, Master Dan, I should have said to avoid the confusion."

"Yes, Brianna? What can I do for you."

"You have dominated most of Dawn's time the last several hours and I feel I'm due a little quid pro quo. I would like to take your slave and use her for a few hours."

Mom and Dad looked at each other, a level of silent communication I was envious of, they knew each other so well. Mom nodded her head and Dad said, "Agreed. It's only fair."

"I must warn you Mistress," Mom said. "I'm not particularly good at licking cunt. I've not had much practice. I can suck cock much better."

"I'm not particularly interested in your degree of expertise. Every slave can be trained to be proficient, and sometimes the training is a lot of fun. Monique is my most accomplished cunt connoisseur and will give you some quick lessons, then I plan to take you into your daughters room."

"I can't lick my daughter's cunt," Mom said. 

"Nor would I expect you to," Brianna laughed. "I'm going to have you lick my cunt in front of your daughter slave while she rides my face. If you do well, I'll let Monique work over your cunt. You'll cum hard for her."

I could picture it in my mind; Brianna lying on the bed with Cindy over her face getting eaten out and my Mom between her spread legs while Cindy watched her pleasuring Brianna. My cock twitched. I definitely had a twisted side to my libido. Dawn must have noticed my cock twitch.

"Don't think about it too much or you'll cum too fast, Master Scott. I expect a premier double penetration fucking from you and Master Dan now."

"Where?" I said. "Right here?"

"No. We can go to my room and get comfortable."

I looked at Dad and he said, "Let's go."

Dawn took our hands and led us to her room, the room she usually shared with Lucia. She said Lucia was out at the pool. I was already hard, a raging hard-on actually, but Dad wasn't there yet. Dawn had him sit on the bed and she knelt down and started sucking his cock. I knew how proficient the little cock sucker was and I wasn't surprised she had him hard within a couple minutes.

"Heads or tails?" Dad asked me.

Before I could respond, Dawn said, "I want tails and tails, one of you in my ass and the other one in my cunt. If there's a time I don't want to suck cock, this would be the time."

"Twenty more swats on your ass," I said. "There wasn't a single Master or sir in that sentence."

"Fuck! Please sir. Tail and tail."

"Cunt or ass then?" Dad asked.

"Have you fucked her ass yet?" I asked.

"No, only her cunt." 

"You take her ass then. I've fucked it several times already. I'll take her cunt. Slave, you're not permitted to cum for forgetting to use an honorific."

"Please, Master," Dawn begged. "I'm sorry. Please let me cum. There's no way I'll be able to be fucked this way without cumming."

"Should we give her the twenty first, or wait until she cums and give them all to her at once?" I asked.

Dad laughed. "I would think she'd be tired of getting her ass warmed over," he said. "Let's give them all to her at once. How many times do you think she'll cum."

"She's a very needy slave who loves to fuck. I'm guessing if she doesn't cum a half dozen times, we did a piss poor job of fucking." 

Dawn groaned.

"Maybe we should give her the first twenty before we start, spread them out a little," Dad said.

"Since you've had years of practice, I'll let you do the honors."

"Do you think she'll cum during the spanking?" Dad asked pulling her over his lap.

"She might get through twenty okay," I laughed.

I noticed Dawn's bottom still had a twinge of pink from the last spanking, and it quickly got much redder as Dad pummeled her buttocks. She didn't cum but her pussy was leaking profusely before Dad finished. 

"Let me wet my cock in her cunt before I go into her ass. I don't have any lube," Dad said.

"Go ahead," I said. 

Dad had her kneel up and slid his cock in her sloppy pussy, fucking for six or seven strokes to get his cock nice and wet. Dawn was begging to cum before he pulled out.

"You're right, son. She won't last long and I'll be surprised if she doesn't cum a dozen times. How many times does Brianna swat a slave for cumming without permission?"

"Twenty-five."

I was lying down and pulling Dawn onto my prick. Like a hot knife through butter, she slid down my pole. She moaned.

"Twenty-five times a dozen. That's three hundred isn't it?"

Dawn groaned again. I almost pitied her.

"Yep. Three hundred."

"I am so fucked," Dawn said under her breath.

"That's the point," I said, spreading her cheeks.

Dad lined up with her pucker and pushed in, instantly doubling Dawn's tightness on my prick.

"Shit! I'm dead, sir. I won't be able to sit down for a week."

"Don't cum then," I laughed.

"Easy for you to say, sir."

Poor girl tried. She lasted for five minutes before she begged to cum. "I can't last much longer, sirs. Please let me cum. I'm sorry. I won't forget again."

"No cumming," I said, driving up into her cunt again.

She moaned. She actually lasted another two minutes with the greatest of efforts before she gave it up and climaxed, spasming like crazy over our cocks. Both Dad and I had cum often this morning and we were in no hurry to release. We kept plowing away, fucking Dawn over and over. 

Three minutes after the last one, she was ready to cum again. 

"I'm going to cum again," she moaned. "I may never be able to sit down again, sirs."

I watched her face, looking for the signs of her impending release. She got a look of both despair and expectant pleasure on her face and I said, "Cum for me."

She exploded, moaning like a banshee. I thumbed her nipples, dragging her orgasm out while kissing her, pushing my tongue down her throat. I could feel her body vibrating between us.

"You can cum all you want," I said when her spasms ended.

"Thank you, Master," she whimpered.

She didn't make a dozen. She stopped at eleven when my Dad and I thrust together and released. I could feel his cock pulsing next to mine. 

"That was wonderful, Masters," Dawn muttered, exhausted. "Give me a moment to rest and I'll clean your cocks for you."

She took about a minute, during which both of our pricks began to shrink, creating more space in her body before they slid out, limp. Dawn took my Dad's cock first and it was remarkably clean, enough so I realized she'd also cleansed her ass sometime this morning. I couldn't ask her about it with her mouth full, so I held my questions. There was a knock on the door and Dawn paused long enough to say enter. Julia came in and saw Dawn cleaning Dad's dick, but mine was still slimy, so she came in and immediately took it in her mouth to clean it, not even bothering to ask where it had been. It looked fine to her so she went ahead and did it.

"How is Cindy doing, Julia?" I asked.

She stopped sucking long enough to say, "Cindy is doing well, Master. When I left her just now, Brianna was dining on her cunt while your mother was eating Brianna out. She was cumming frequently." She resumed cleaning my cock.

The immediate image flashed in my mind again and my prick twitched in her mouth as blood started filling it again. Feeling me filling her mouth as she went along, she kept sucking until I emptied myself a second time, flooding her mouth with more cum. 

"I think you're becoming dehydrated, Master. You didn't have much cum that time. I think you should drink some fluids and we'll go out by the pool and rest awhile."

"Excellent idea," Dad said. "It's been a month of Sundays since I climaxed this much. Memorial Day was the last time, I suspect."

Not for me, but I got his point. 

"Unless you're going to clean up after yourselves, I'll stay here and take care of Dawn," Julia said. 

I got a flash of the image of Julia sucking my Dad's cum out of Dawn's ass and my cock twitched again. I definitely had a sick and twisted bone in me somewhere. 

To avoid another erection, I left with Dad and went out to the pool. Before I closed the door, I saw Julia with her face buried in between Dawn's ass cheeks. Fuck!

There were a lot of people at the pool. Rhonda, Lisa and Shasta were there. Shasta was comfortable enough to be naked. Sam and William were both there, but none of their slaves were there. Nor were the children. I asked about the slaves, figuring kids were either in the nursery or playroom given how this Saturday had devolved into a lot of public sex. 

"Evelyn and Marcia are taking a turn with Cindy," Sam said. "I don't fuck the same people with Marcia anymore except for the ones we can both freely have sex with. Chantelle is putting together a quick and dirty lunch. I think tacos and salads served out here by the pool. We'll have a nicer dinner. Prime rib I think or was it a pork roast. I don't remember, but whatever it is will taste great."

He was right about the food, and I was hungry, having depleted a lot of energy today. I needed to put away the image of the two men sharing Cindy and get some actual work done. At least I didn't need to worry about Julia sucking Bill's cock anymore. That little image wiped out after last night's conversation.

"Bill, unless you want me to work on your house for a year, I might have to find some workers here in LA. My subcontractors probably can't do any work here in LA either. I don't think they're licensed in Los Angeles any more than I was.

"Do what you have to. If there are people you have faith in, give their names to my business manager and he'll get them licensed here too. I have every faith you can put together whatever you need to make it happen."

I was thinking Chen for sure. I liked his work a lot.

"When Marcia and I had the guest house redone as a house instead of work space," Sam said, "we found a couple of people we were impressed with. All three contractors did good work. One was more expensive than the other two, but I looked at examples of all their work and it was all good. I suspect they subcontract some of their work, so they might have lines on electrical, plumbing, masonry, landscaping and A/C people. I'll send you their phone numbers." He pulled out his phone and sent me the contact information on three companies. "The last one was the guy we used, but we almost used the lady instead. She could provide an all female crew for all but drywall and plastering work which was a consideration for us considering all the women here. It worked out though. I think only one guy got sent off the job for being obnoxious to the women. You wouldn't have to worry about that building Bill's place."

"Thanks for these," I said, adding them to my contact list. "I'll make some calls on Monday."

It wasn't long afterward that food was brought out and set up at the pool. Hard, fresh taco shells, three different types of meat; fish, ground beef and chorizo sausage, lettuce, tomato, onions, two kinds of shredded cheese, pico de gallo, guacamole or ranch dressing, and three kinds of salad got set up in hot plates or ice for us to make our own. I made myself four tacos and got a fresh fruit chunk salad. Shasta was getting her food at the same time.

"If I liked women, I could easily think of myself in this place, even as a sex slave," she said.

"If I was a woman, I might have the same response," I said. "I already like everything there is to like about women."

She laughed. "When I found out about you and Julia and Lisa, I thought you were all strange and perhaps even horrible people. Now I get to know everyone, I don't think I've ever met nicer, kinder, more generous people in my life. A couple ladies hit on me, despite the scars, but no one angry if I refuse them. Still pleasant, friendly people."

"I don't think the scars detract much from your appearance Shasta. It makes the inside of you more apparent and that's where your true beauty is revealed."

She blushed. "You sweet talker, you. Too bad I didn't meet you before I was raped. Might be something there. I kind of like Mr. Thornhill too. He a nice man."

"He is nice. However, you'd have to share me with three other women. I was already married five years when you were raped and I wouldn't have taken a second look at you before Julia became a slave. I didn't and still don't believe in infidelity. I guess my definition of infidelity has changed as a result of her slavery. Now, it has more to do with what the other person knows about and is willing to go along with, than a flat prohibition about sex with another person. I never would have imagined my life like this a year ago. Now it's hard to imagine any other life." 

"You all seem pretty happy to me, so it must work for you."

"Have you told your family about the new house?"

"Just Momma. I told her not to say anything to Cedric yet."

We sat down together, continuing to chat.

"Do you want to meet the man I'd chosen as a slave on Monday when I interview him, or should I just tell Mistress Dark I'm no longer interested?"

Shasta was silent for a long time, considering.

"If I'm there, I don't have to take him if I don't want him, do I?"

"There's no obligation to accept him," I said. "Even I don't have to take him if I didn't like him."

"I'm nervous," she admitted. "Might be only way I feel like having sex again, but don't know if him being a slave is enough, and I still can't have sex with him."

"It could be provisional, depending upon if whether or not you could have sex with him. You might want to try meeting with Mistress Dark and another male slave she's trained. She could show you what you could do with one and how they respond to her commands. Given you don't know what being a Dominant is all about, you should probably undergo training with her anyway, so you know what your responsibilities to the slave will be. It's a two way street. They have to surrender power to you, but you must care and provide for them in the way they expect to be taken care of."

Brianna came out to join the group. Marcia, Evelyn, Monique, my mother and Cindy were with her. Mother's face was covered in girl cum, how many different women it was difficult to tell. So was Cindy's face, plus she was still attached to the leash which had confined her to the bed, and Mother had the end in her hand, leading her around by her collar. Cindy's wrists were fastened behind her back, thrusting her breasts out. My dick did a little dance at the spectacle. 

With them both standing so close together naked, it was easy to see the woman my mother had been and the woman my sister would eventually become. Brianna was going to own a wonderful slave and my father did own one. 

I'd never witnessed Brianna treating any of her slaves this way before. I'd seen a couple punishments, but nothing like one being led around on a leash, nor having to crawl on the floor. I wondered if this was something she did at the beginning of their slavery to establish their subservience, gradually reducing the restrictions as they became accustomed to it.

They went through the serving line, everyone giving way for their Mistress, Brianna would ask what Cindy wanted and put it on a plate for her. Mother filled her own plate. When the plate was full, Brianna and Monique sat down in a group and Brianna fed Cindy, whose hands remained confined behind her back. On occasion, she would kiss her, or play with my sisters lovely tits or slide a finger through her slit and taste her in conjunction with a bit of food. Mother was allowed to eat by herself, but when she was done, she had to go between Monique's legs and pleasure her with her tongue alone.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"God, that's a beautiful sight," Dad said. "I never thought I could be so aroused by the sight of your mother eating out another woman. I'm getting another erection."

So was I, though I didn't say so. Thankfully, Julia and Dawn joined us shortly thereafter and we had some place to drain our cocks. They both looked as if they'd just come from the shower, hair and skin slightly damp. I told them to eat quickly as they'd be busy again this afternoon. While I waited, I tried to keep my eyes off Cindy and Mother, but looking anywhere else wasn't much help as there were beautiful naked women everywhere, some of them engaged in the same activities as Mother was. Marcia and Evelyn were right beside their Master's, Marcia sucking William's cock while Evelyn sucked Sam's. 

When everyone had eaten, Adele led Cindy back to the bedroom to continue serving whoever wanted to use her. Mom was licking Brianna's cunt again, Monique, smacking her ass if Brianna became dissatisfied with her performance. I imagined Mother would be an adequate cunt licker before the weekend was over, if not accomplished. When Dad took Dawn back to his room for a little privacy, I gathered my three slaves and did the same. I'd cum so often the last twenty-four hours, I was able to line all three on the bed and fuck each one for ten minutes before I finally orgasmed in Julia. Lisa cleaned me off while Rhonda did her Domina. 

I had no desire to go back out to the pool at the moment. Seeing my Mother out there would just give me another erection and I needed to give my poor dick a rest. I told Lisa and Rhonda they could go back to the pool while I stayed with Julia, lying in bed feeling our child move inside her. 

"Are you okay, Master?" Julia asked.

"I need to give my cock a rest," I replied.

"I mean about Cindy, sir."

"Do I have any choice?"

"No, Master. No choice at all."

"I'll get used to it. It will get easier after tomorrow. I was able to hold a polite conversation with Sam and Bill. Sam gave me information about some contractors down here I can use to help build Thornhill's house."

"Your sister is a beautiful woman, Master. Is it any wonder people want to fuck her? Don't blame them for wishing to do so. I want to fuck her. If you could fuck Marcia or Evelyn, you'd do so in a heartbeat. She's a slave and available to be used at the whim of her Mistress."

"I never realized how much alike you were until it was pointed out to me. Do you feel disgusted I may have been attracted to you initially because you looked like my sister?"

"I'm grateful for anything which might have brought us together, sir. And, I'm not your sister. You fell in love with me."

"I certainly did and I can't thank my lucky stars enough you came into my life when you did."

She turned to face me so she could kiss me.

"I love you, Master. Would a slave be impertinent if she asked her Master to pleasure her orally?"

"Not impertinent at all."

She pushed down on my head, nudging me towards her molten core. "Good, because I need to cum some more."

I laughed, kissing my way down over her swollen belly, finding and tasting her liquid honey. She orgasmed several more times before we both took a nap.

******

JULIA

When I woke up, Master was gone. It was about 4:30. Before looking for him, I decided to look in on Cindy again. I went to Brianna's bedroom and Brianna was there along with Sandra, Sam and William. Sandy was seated between Brianna's legs getting her cunt fingered, watching Sam fuck her daughter's ass, and Bill her daughter's mouth. Both mother and daughter were moaning as they orgasmed. 

Since William was using Cindy's mouth, I'd seen him use all three of Cindy's fuck holes. I don't know how many holes Sam had used yet. I'd only seen him use two. He'd used her mouth to get fully hard the first time, but I didn't know if he'd cum in her mouth yet. Brianna patted the bed beside her. I climbed onto the bed. She fed me the slimy fingers she removed from Sandy. I licked them clean.

"Do you want to take over the pleasuring of your mother-in-law?" Brianna asked.

"I'm not sure Master would want me fucking his mother, Mistress."

"You've fucked his sister, haven't you?"

"Yes, Mistress, but I had his permission first. It may be different to him."

"Then why don't you lick me while her mother and I watch Cindy get a double dicking."

"Yes, Mistress."

Brianna had Sandra move to her side. I went between her legs and licked her fragrant cunt, listening to Cindy moan over and over as she climaxed behind me. Brianna made Sandy masturbate as they watched and she climaxed almost as much as Cindy was. I made sure Brianna orgasmed as well. It wasn't too long before I heard the men grunting and knew they were cumming. Cindy cleaned them both off before they left. 

"You can clean Cindy's ass for her," Brianna said.

"Yes, Mistress."

I lovingly licked the cum leaking from her gapping ass, plus whatever had dripped down to her cunt, including her own copious amounts of cum, giving her another orgasm in the process. Sandra moaned through another orgasm beside me.

"I'm done with Sandy for now," Brianna said. "I'll enjoy her more in the morning. For now, bring her back to her husband."

"Yes, Mistress."

I took Sandra's hand and led her back out to the pool, where I expected to find everyone. As we walked, I asked, "Are you enjoying yourself, slave?"

"More than I thought possible," Sandy said. "Is it always like this?"

"I don't believe so," I replied. "I think the presence of so many Dominants makes it slightly more so. I believe there's an unspoken competition between them to show the most creative use of a slave. Of course, all new slaves are subject to a lot of fucking. Fresh meat. You and Cindy will get used more than anyone else because of the novelty."

"Would you have licked me if Scott gave you permission?"

"Yes. It's not incest and I have fucked your daughter. I don't feel it would be different having sex with you."

"Would you let Dan fuck you?"

"Master feels differently about men. I'm not certain he would make an exception for his father."

Sandy nodded thoughtfully. "I think I'd like to see you used by both of them at once. It was arousing seeing Cindy used by two men."

A shiver went down my spine. I didn't respond.

We did find everyone else out by the pool. Sandra went to her Master and they kissed passionately. I think she was telling him what she'd been doing. After maybe fifteen minutes, Dan had her bent over a chair and was fucking her publicly. Master was in the pool with Lisa and Rhonda. I took a seat in one of the lounges to rest. Shasta came and sat beside me.

"Julia, may I talk to you for a few minutes?"

"Of course, Shasta. Anything you want to know."

"Scott asked me if I wanted to interview the potential male slave, and I'm thinking about it, but I have questions. You're both a sex slave and Mistress. How you feel when you're either one?"

"Well, first of all, I'm primarily a submissive. If I had to give up one or the other, I'd give up being Dominant. I live for my slavery. The dominance would be more like a hobby for me. I would say that submission requires more trust than anything else. I already loved and trusted my husband. It was easy to establish the trust I need to be a good submissive, his sex slave. I already believed he would never do anything to harm me."

"Even though he whip and spank you?"

"When you're a slave, you make a distinction between good pain and bad pain. A spanking or whipping from my Master is good pain. It's usually a prelude to sex, which is always good. While it inflicts pain, it is not intended to inflict harm, which would always be bad for me. Anything he does to me is like a temporary heat. He leaves no marks which would be visible longer than a few hours. Nothing that breaks the skin. The actual pain usually lasts no longer than the punishment itself, so it's not even like a headache, where I need to take aspirin. I know he won't harm me, so the pain is a momentary distraction, and what follows afterward is the counterbalance, the extreme pleasure. Sometimes, even the punishment gives me pleasure. I cum often when I'm spanked or whipped. More often when I'm whipped, simply because Master can apply the whip to my breasts and cunt, and not just to my bottom."

"How is that possible?"

"Since I truly believe I won't be harmed, I can relax into the pain, what submissives often call subspace. It's like going into your head and remembering good things, the sex you've had, or even like this Christmas for you when everything was so wonderful. You're conscious you are being struck, but it's like a shadow of pain, not the pain itself. The whip warms the places it kisses, makes the blood flow to those areas, so your nipples get hard, your pussy flushes, almost as if you were being aroused. The warmth spreads, so it seems like I'm feeling it everywhere, not just the skin being punished. Have you ever cum so hard it hurt?"

"Maybe once or twice."

"Would you give up an orgasm like that; wish you never had one again?"

"If I could, I'd have 'em more often."

"Punishment can often be the opposite of that. It hurts so nice I cum. It's hard to explain."

Shasta laughed. "Hurt so nice you cum; that's funny."

"Beyond the punishment, is the surrender of will. I no longer live for myself; I live for my Master. What he wants is most important to me. Isn't it kind of the same as the religions of the world teach us? To love someone so much you're willing to die for them. I would do almost anything for him. When I say almost anything, I mean that the things he wants of me as a good Master, are things that I would do. If he wanted me to kill someone or hurt someone, I could no longer consider him to be a good Master and I don't want to be submissive to a bad Master, so at some point, I would say no. But that's wrapped up in the trust I have. Will he ask me to do something that will be harmful to me. Would he ask me to leap off a high building or cut off my arm? No, because he loves me as much as I love him. 

"The things he wants from me, I'm totally willing to give. Remain naked for him when I can, have sex with him when he wants. Even sharing him with other women is okay. It hurts no one and makes him happy. And I get to share in those same women; have sex with those same women, so I experience as much or more pleasure than he does. One more thing being submissive has done for me. Growing up, society teaches us to be 'good girls', not to enjoy sex too much or we'll be whores, or sluts, so we're always afraid to totally let go, holding back a little so society doesn't perceive us as 'bad girls'. 

"As a sex slave, I have no choice but to submit fully. I can be the biggest slut in the world and Master doesn't care because he controls who I have sex with. That means if he doesn't want me having sex with anyone else, I'm a slut only for him. He doesn't have to worry about me running around fucking anyone else, but he damn well expects I fuck him to the best of my ability. I don't have to hold back anything. He demands everything from me. It's so freeing. It's increased my ability to enjoy sex fifty to a hundred percent more. No orgasm I ever experienced before my slavery has ever been as good as the worst I had as a slave even though I've always considered him a good lover, because I don't hold back any more. I surrender fully to my inner slut and it's okay to do so. That's why being a sex slave has made me feel the most free I've ever been. How society perceives me no longer matters to me."

"Then why you want to dominate another woman?"

"Ah, the paradox of a switch like me. It's a very powerful feeling being a Dominant. Someone is now surrendering their power to me. I decide who and when they fuck, whether or not they get to cum; if they'll be punished for disobeying me. It's heady stuff, having that much control over another person. But with that control, comes responsibility. I'm responsible for that person's pleasure, their pain, for seeing their needs as a submissive are met so they're happy. It's why I'd give up Dominance instead of submission. I can abdicate responsibility for another person. My only responsibility as a sex slave is to do as Master wishes, to concern myself for him. I don't even need to worry about myself. He'll worry about me, making sure my needs are met. Being a Dominant is like being a parent. You have responsibilities as a mother. A child has no responsibility to anyone but himself. I have no responsibility to anyone but my Master. It's not an exact analogy, as I still feel responsibility towards Lisa as my sister slave and to you, as an employee, and I'll soon have responsibility as a mother. The abdication of responsibility is why some people like Rhonda and Marcia, people with so much responsibility in their every day life, can enjoy their sex slavery. For some period of time, they can throw off the mantle of responsibility."

"So do you think I should take on a sex slave of my own?"

"Having total control of another person is a big responsibility, but you've been doing the same thing for Cedric for over four years. Taking complete control of a man might be the only way you feel safe being with one for awhile. Therapy might help you to overcome your fears of surrendering sexually to a man, but it might be years. I still recommend you seek therapy, because it will be important to your long term mental health, but this might be a short cut to establishing a real relationship to another person, leaving you in the position of power, but it's totally up to you. It's how you feel about it."

She was silent for a long time. 

"If I didn't like it," she said after thinking about it, "can I stop it?"

"Either of you can stop it at any time. He doesn't have to remain a slave. You don't have to remain a Mistress. Both parties have to agree. There is no obligation past what both parties agree to. Plus you can start light. He may not have enough trust in you to allow certain things that he might learn to trust you enough later to allow. If the relationship deepens, it may become more like what Master and I have, but it might not start that way. Does Bernice date? Does she go out with anyone romantically?"

"She has some in the past. More when she was younger. It's been hard for her, raising first me, then when I becoming adult, stuck taking care of Cedric."

"I don't know how you feel about sharing a slave, but theoretically, if he's your slave, you could allow him to have sex with Bernice as well if she wanted to."

"Both of us together!?" Shocked.

I laughed. "Doesn't have to be together. You could take turns. One of you fucking him one day, the other one fucking him the next. I'm just suggesting she might not mind male companionship either."

"Fuck! I never even think of such a thing."

"You're not a sex slave. I think about sex and all of its permutations more frequently than most people."

She was silent again, the wheels turning.

******

Chantelle came out and told everyone dinner was ready. We all moved to the dining room. Brianna was holding Cindy's leash and her face was covered in cum, a mask.

"Before we get started on our food," Brianna said. "I'd like to establish some boundaries for the new slave. Cindy, you are the newest slave in my harem of lesbians. As such, you must be obedient to every other slave. Everyone may give you an order which you're required to obey unless Adele, Monique or especially I were to countermand it. This includes Chantelle, or Marcia, but only when Marcia is a slave. You do not have to obey any other Master or Mistress unless I give you leave as you belong to me and not to them. You are below everyone else on the estate. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"To signify your lowly status, everyone is going to give you a bit of food and you're to lick or suck their genitals for fifteen seconds to thank them for your gift of food excepting only your parents and your brother. They may still feed you, but you are not expected to pleasure their genitals."

"Yes, Mistress," Cindy replied.

"Mistress Brianna," I said, "may I speak for a moment?"

"What is it, Julia?"

"Zoe, as a lawyer, are you familiar with California Penal Code Chapter 285?"

"The law governing incest?" Zoe asked.

"Yes."

"My specialty is commercial law, not criminal. I'm only vaguely familiar with it."

"How quickly would it take you to look it up?"

Everyone but my Master and his slaves and Cindy were looking at me, wondering what I was doing. They didn't wonder; they knew. I could feel Master's eyes boring into the back of my head, wondering what the hell I was doing, especially in front of his parents. 

Of course, I could ask Rhonda to recite the law, but everyone here knew Zoe. Even Master's parents knew Zoe better than Rhonda from when they'd dated.

"About ten seconds on my phone," Zoe said. 

"Could you please look it up right now?"

Zoe glanced at Master and Cindy, wondering if they'd committed some crime. She quickly looked up at the statute governing incest. 

"In your understanding of 285" I asked; "is there anything in there which would prohibit the new slave from expressing her gratitude for her feeding by sucking or licking the genitals of her brother or parents?"

Everyone was silent, stunned both by my request and wondering what the law said.

Zoe read it over carefully. She finally issued her opinion. "No, the slave may orally pleasure either her parents or her brother."

That was not new information to us, but it was new to most everyone else. There was a low buzz about the room.

"Is that true, Zoe?" Brianna asked. "Cindy can suck the cocks of her brother and father and lick the cunt of her mother without violating incest laws?"

"It's true, Mistress" Zoe stated. "The law was designed to prevent impregnation by close family members, including parents, siblings, grandparents, and uncles to avoid bearing children with birth defects, but the law specifically states it requires vaginal penetration by the penis to qualify as criminal incest."

"Vaginal penetration, not penetration of any other part of the body?" Brianna asked, realizing I might be suggesting more.

"Yes, Mistress, vaginal penetration only."

Brianna looked at me, then Scott, then her new slave. She was doing the same thing everyone else was doing, including, perhaps, Master's parents. I wasn't looking at them. 

"This slave is now yours to do with as you wish, Brianna," I said, "but my question to you is this. Would you or anyone else here be horribly, morally offended if this slave were to treat every person here, including two Dominant family members, with the same appreciation and regard she is demonstrating to everyone else who fed her, knowing no criminal law is being violated?"

"How are you aware of this law, Julia?" Brianna asked.

"Rhonda specifically looked up the law when Cindy began to undergo slave training. I was concerned I might be in violation of the law as Master's wife and her sister-in-law, and I was most tasked with her training. As I understand it from Rhonda, the law doesn't extend to in-laws at all, so it would be possible for say, Master Dan to fuck me."

"I see. Would I be correct in assuming part of her training extended to sucking cock after learning of the law?"

I still couldn't look at Master's parents. I don't know what they were thinking, but I hoped their attitude would be more relaxed from what it might have been. Dan and Sandy had both fucked my sister slave, Lisa, on Memorial Day. Master and Dan had fucked Dawn together just today, and Sandy had said she wanted to see them both penetrate me. So either Sandy didn't recognize her son's wife as meeting whatever her definition of incest was, or she knew about the law already. Brianna was warped enough she'd wanted mother and daughter fucking her at the same time.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"You assume correctly, Mistress," I replied. "It extended to anything not prohibited by the law." 

Brianna was quiet several seconds. "If it's not against the law and wouldn't result in arrests on my property, I guess I'm not going to quibble about it. Until recently almost everything we did here was against the law until someone realized lesbianism was a natural state for some people and shouldn't be designated a criminal act. However, I will not demand my slave do the same towards her parents or brother. I'll leave that up to their moral discretion."

"Thank you for the clarification, Mistress," I replied.

Dan spoke up. "Pardon my interruption, Mistress Brianna, but if I could have your tolerance, I'd like to speak to my children and my wife in private before we go any further this evening."

"Understandable. Why don't you speak to one another in the living room. It's vacant at the moment. Cindy, you have my permission to speak to your parents. Get up."

Cindy stood up, Brianna handed her the end of her leash and she approached her parents.

There was no longer any question of what my Master was feeling. Behind me, he whispered, "What have you done, Julia?"

I turned to him, clumsily knelt in front of him and said, "Please forgive me, Master. I think it's best they know. These things tend to slip out over time. I'm hoping your parents will be reasonable."

"We'll soon find out, won't we?" 

He left us and joined the rest of his family and they all left the room. Everyone else was looking at the fat, pregnant, naked slave, kneeling on the floor. Lisa gave me a hand to help me stand. 

"I believe it's best I remain kneeling for now, Lisa. I'm sure I'll find myself back on my knees shortly. I feel so clumsy trying to kneel anymore. I think I'll just stay here."

She got down on her knees with me and laid her head on my shoulder. "I hope you know what you're doing."

"Me too."

Rhonda knelt down and put her head on my other shoulder and we waited. The room was relatively silent. I could hear whispers here and there, but no one spoke aloud. The minutes ticked by; five, ten, fifteen.

They all returned. Cindy rejoined her Mistress, kneeling and handing her the leash again. Master came up to us, not speaking, Dan and Sandy went to their chairs across the table. Dan said, "Carry on, Mistress. Thank you for your indulgence."

He didn't say another word for the moment. Master helped me to my feet.

Brianna looked at us and since nothing more was being said, spoke herself, "Everyone may grab one of the small plates which has a bite of food on it from the sideboard and hand feed this slave," Brianna said. "Zoe will keep track of the time to ensure no one exceeds the allotted limit."

I guess this meant Cindy was subject to my orders. Regardless of the fact I was Domina to Rhonda, I always wore the collar of subservience to my Master. Somewhat similar to Rhonda's position within our household, below everyone else, but subservient to me. The people standing next to the sideboard grabbed the plates set aside for them and started lining up in front of Cindy. Ingrid was the first to give Cindy a bite of potato and get her cunt licked in return. Dorinda the second, with a bite of salad. 

Marcia, Evelyn, Sam and William were about halfway down the line. Neither of the men got an erection in fifteen seconds, though their cocks thickened and lengthened under Cindy's ministrations. None of the slaves had orgasms either. Fifteen seconds too brief even for horny slaves. Shasta didn't get in the line. I and Master's other slaves stayed where we were, waiting for instructions from Master. Almost everyone else had gone through the line before Dan and Sandy stood up. They both got plates of food for their daughter. Master followed them, so we got in line with him, picking up a plate of finger food.

Everyone held their collective breath when Dan fed Cindy his bit of food. She opened her mouth and Dan fed her his cock, ending the suspense. 

"Time," Zoe called.

Sandy came next. "I love you so much," Sandy said. "You're a brave girl."

"Thank you, Miss Sandra." 

Sandy fed her and Cindy licked her cunt. Zoe called time and Master was next. Most of the drama had already occurred. No one was surprised anymore when Cindy sucked his cock. I was next. I fed her a bite of meat and she licked my cunt. Not for the first time. When Zoe called time, I bent down and kissed her. Lisa and Rhonda took their turns and only Chantelle, Zoe and Brianna remained. Chantelle had been plating the food, Zoe the timekeeper and Brianna last as Mistress. Brianna received her oral pleasuring until she climaxed, the only one to do so. Her right as Cindy's new owner. 

She sat down and said, "Everyone may begin dining now."

Brianna pulled her new slave into her lap after sitting down, somewhat funny because Brianna was a couple inches shorter than Cindy anyway, more slight and delicate looking. Nevertheless, Brianna held her, fed her, fondled her, and when Cindy was done eating, put her on her knees to pleasure her Mistress. She calmly dined while Cindy ate her out, cumming several times during her supper, praising her slave for her service. Cindy's face was even more glazed with cum when Brianna pushed back from the table. 

"You now have from now until ten to enjoy this slave in my bed again. Chantelle, you may have first dibs on her since you were working this afternoon. Others have been assigned to clean up after supper. Ingrid, Jade, and Riyuki will be sharing my bed tonight, so they will wait until then."

Dan stood up again. "Mistress, if I might beg your pardon once more, there is one other thing which I wish to do before Cindy continues as entertainment for the evening. If one of your slaves could please bring me that fine paddle you have, I would appreciate it."

Brianna smiled at him. "Of course, Dan. Monique, please bring the paddle into the living room. Bring the analgesic cream as well."

"Yes, Mistress."

Brianna handed the end of Cindy's leash to Dan. "I assume you need this."

"Yes," he replied, "I do."

En masse, everyone who was still in the dining room moved to the living room. Nearly everyone else soon joined, word of mouth or whatever other form of communication used on the estate remarkably effective. Monique returned with the paddle. She handed it to Dan.

Dan bent Cindy over the back of the throne like chair. 

"While I'm agreed that no laws have been broken," Dan said, "and I'm willing to allow things to continue as it appears they've been for the last week; this is not something which should have occurred without some serious discussion amongst all of us, as it concerned all of us. For doing this thing without such a family discussion, you will receive twenty strokes with this paddle. You will keep count of each stroke and thank me for each one. Do you understand, slave?"

"Yes, Master Dan," Cindy said in a tiny voice.

We then witnessed the hardest spanking I've ever seen. Each stroke of the paddle jolted Cindy's body. She teared up after the first one, sobbing loudly after five. Her bottom was a deep, dark red when Dan finished.

"Please apply some of your salve to this slave," Dan said. "Son, get your ass over here and bend over."

Monique took Cindy and gently smoothed some white cream on her bottom. Master must have expected to be next as he went without protest and bent over the chair as Cindy had done. 

"It's a damn shame I have to do this to a grown man. Same deal, twenty strokes, keep count and thank me for each one."

"Okay, Dad."

If anything, the one Master received was worse than the one Cindy got. I was proud of Master. He got teary eyed. I don't think it could be otherwise, as hard as he was spanked, but he did not openly sob and he kept a good count.

"Julia, you're next."

"Yes, Master Dan." I took my place behind the chair replacing my Master. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Monique putting cream on Master's buttocks. Good.

He eyed my bulging belly. "Because you're so far with child, I'm giving you ten now, ten tomorrow morning. You're being punished for going along with it."

"I understand, Master Dan." I did, and it also meant Lisa and Rhonda would be getting one too. We were used to being punished. We could take it. 

I cried, but I kept a good count. It was hard, but it was only ten strokes. All things considered, it was easier than the one he gave me Memorial Day. Monique applied salve to my bottom as well. As expected, Lisa and Rhonda both received twenty as well, both as hard as the one Cindy got.

"We'll say nothing more about it," Dan said as he finished the last one. "Brianna, you can have your slave back."

Cindy was led away to Brianna's bedroom, ready to be the estate fuck toy again. It would be hard to lie on her back. Sam and Bill sported erections. It was difficult for a Master to witness a beautiful slave be punished without getting hard, I think. 

I took the cream from Monique and spread it over my slaves hind quarters. Master waited for me to finish. 

"Would I be correct in assuming we might all like to experience the cool waters of the pool," Master said.

"That would be extremely welcome," Lisa replied. 

Master led us all into the pool and we each sighed as we stepped into the cool water and it reached our bottoms.

******

SCOTT

What the fuck is Julia doing, I thought when she asked Zoe about Penal Code 285. Christ, we knew what it was because we'd been playing on the boundaries of it for a week. Is she going to tell everyone Cindy's been sucking my cock? Telling her to shut up wasn't going to do anything but call attention to Cindy and I, so I had to keep quiet. I hoped there was damn good reason she was bringing this up which wasn't going to put a fucking spotlight on us. Those hopes were quickly dashed.

"The law governing incest?" Zoe asked.

"Yes."

"My specialty is commercial law, not criminal. I'm only vaguely familiar with it."

"How quickly would it take you to look it up?"

Everyone began looking at us, wondering why Julia was asking the question. Cindy lowered her eyes, knowing a well as I did this was all going to come out. My parents were looking at me, then Cindy, then me again. My Dad's lips tightened the way they did when he got mad. I hadn't seen that look for a whole lot of years. Mom had a scared look on her face, wondering how deep our shame extended. Julia was only looking at Zoe, not looking at anyone else. Was she oblivious?

"About ten seconds on my phone," Zoe said. 

"Could you please look it up right now?"

Zoe glanced at me, then Cindy. She looked at her phone, pulling up the relevant law.

"In your understanding of 285" Julia asked; "is there anything in there which would prohibit the new slave from expressing her gratitude for her feeding by sucking or licking the genitals of her brother or parents?"

Okay, not where I thought this might be going, but she was playing a risky game.

Zoe gave the explanation I knew she'd give. There was no legal reason Cindy couldn't suck my cock, nor Dad's nor Mom's cunt for that matter. So Julia asked Brianna if she would be outraged if Cindy treated her own family members no differently than anyone else. So all Brianna had to do was decide and maybe that would be the end of it, but Brianna had to know more. She asked why Julia was familiar with that particular law. 

Julia said that Rhonda had looked it up. Julia had been concerned with her role as Cindy's Domina and wanted to know if she'd be violating the law. When Brianna asked if the knowledge of the law had resulted in some cock sucking training, Julia said it had. Dads hands balled up into fists. Oh, he was royally pissed. Mom looked more at ease, however. Perhaps the knowledge that nothing illegal had occurred and her children weren't going to be arrested, putting her mind to rest.

Brianna said she wouldn't be outraged if her slave showed gratitude the way she would to the others, but she wouldn't make her serve us either. Dad couldn't let it stand. He needed to know more and he wasn't going to be satisfied with where it was now. He asked for permission to discuss this with his family. Brianna handed Cindy her end of the leash and told her to go to her family, offering us the living room for some privacy.

"What have you done, Julia?" I whispered to the back of her head.

She turned and struggled to her knees. "Please forgive me, Master. I think it's best they know. These things tend to slip out over time. I'm hoping your parents will be reasonable."

"We'll soon find out, won't we?" 

I joined the rest of my family and I felt like every eye was on me as we left the room. 

We'd barely crossed the threshold when Dad turned and pushed his face into mine and low and threatening said, "What the fuck have you two been doing?"

Mom put a hand on his arm. "Honey, they didn't break the law." She thought a moment more. "Did you?"

"No, Mother, we followed the letter of the law," Cindy lied. "No one wanted to test Rhonda's loyalty to her job against her loyalty to Julia. We haven't fucked, at least, not that way."

"Why?" Dad growled, a vein throbbing on his forehead.

I didn't know what to say. I lusted after my sister. Even now I wanted to fuck her, despite my father's anger.

"It's my fault," Cindy said. "Mine entirely. Blame me if you must."

"It takes two to fuck," Dad said. "Why should I blame only you?"

"Because I love him," Cindy said. "I've loved him since I was a teenager. It's the reason I spied on him and Zoe having sex. I wasn't trying to learn about sex. I was jealous. I wanted to fuck him. I hatched a plan hoping he'd fuck me. I waited naked for him one day when you were gone and he was coming home from college. I pretended to come out of the shower when he went into the bathroom to pee. I was hoping he'd see me and make love to me, but either I wasn't pretty enough, or he was too honorable to fuck his little sister and he left me alone in the bathroom to cry."

Ah, jeez. Cindy had planned that whole thing? 

"It's why I moved clear across the country and never come to visit. Because I couldn't stand seeing him happily married to Julia and knowing she was fucking him and I couldn't." She started crying. "I can't help how I feel about him, Mom."

Mother put her arms around her and pulled her into an embrace. "Oh, dear. We wondered why you never came home."

"Julia found out how much I loved him. She's generous enough to share even a tiny part of him with me. It's why I'm moving back to California. Perhaps her knowing and making sure we stay within what was legal and making sure nothing worse happened is the only reason nothing did. She makes sure we stay within the bounds of the law."

Except for once, in an incredible burst of generosity.

"Daddy, please don't hate me, and don't hate Scott either. I've added joy back into my life. I'm able to live closer to you because Julia doesn't mind if I love him and can share a tiny piece of him."

"Is that why you've never married, Cindy?" Dad asked.

"Partly. No other man I've dated ever measured up to my own brother. Except for him, females are more attractive to me. If I can't have him completely, I'd prefer Brianna."

"How about you, son?" Dad asked. "Is that why you married someone who looked so much like your sister? Don't think I didn't notice how much alike they are."

"I suspect it might have been part of my initial attraction, though I didn't realize it at the time. I've come to realize it might be part of it. It's not why I married her. I love Julia, and nothing I feel for anyone else would ever change that, but I am attracted to my sister. I feel the same things when she fucks someone else as I do when Julia fucked someone else. It may not be right, but I'm not sure it's entirely wrong, either. So what do we do about it? I doubt anyone's feelings or affections for each other is going to change, just because we know it's wrong."

"And you've been together sexually for how long?"

"Practically from the moment Cindy wanted to explore her submissiveness, so over a week now," I replied. 

"And all your slaves were in on it?"

"Yes. We're all complicit. I'm not making excuses, Dad. I loved Cindy sucking my cock and I love eating her cunt. I loved fucking her ass. The others make sure it doesn't get out of hand. Someone else always sleeps between Cindy and I. We care for each other and my slaves don't give a shit."

"Fuck! I can't just let this go. You may not be breaking the fucking law, but you're having sex with your sibling. Christ!"

"Punish us, Daddy," Cindy said. "We have been bad. I should have talked to you first. I should have talked to you a long time ago. Told you how I felt, why I moved away, but I was too ashamed to tell you. Well, I'm a slave now. I have no more shame. You've seen me do things most fathers would never witness their daughter doing. I've done other things you haven't seen. Mom licking my Mistress while Mistress licked me. Mom watched me get double fucked by Sam and Bill while she masturbated. As a slave, I have no more shame. I'm not permitted to be anything other than a desirable little slut. But slaves are also punished. Punish me, punish all of us. I happily admit to being bad and deserving of punishment."

Dad looked at Mom. "Sandra?" A plea of I don't know what.

"Twenty strokes of the paddle, Dan. Hard. Don't spare them. Then we don't speak of it again and we let it continue, as is. We may take issue with it, but at least they're not doing anything they'll get arrested for. I almost prefer this to them fighting and not getting along. Don't know as if people have much control over who they love."

"If I do," Dad said, "it means you too, Scott. You're not getting out of a good deserved whipping because you're not a slave."

Hell, I was happy they planned to continue speaking to me and weren't seeking an end to it.

"I won't argue the point. I don't feel as if I'm doing something sinful, but I know you might not feel the same about it. I'll take whatever you think is fair."

"Done." He shook my hand and hugged my sister. Mom hugged us both. 

We returned to the dining room, everyone expectant. Julia was still kneeling where I'd left her, looking up as we entered. Lisa and Rhonda kneeling beside her, hugging her. Cindy knelt before her new owner, handing her the end to her leash. My parents went to their previous chairs. I went to my slaves, helping Julia to her feet, the other rising with her.

Dad said, "Carry on, Mistress. Thank you for your indulgence."

Brianna gave instructions for the treatment of her slave. People started getting food from the sideboard, set up on small plates. They'd give Cindy a bite of food and then wait for her to properly thank them for feeding her. Zoe kept time. Fifteen seconds, no more for each one. She kept glancing at me, at us. I'm sure she was wondering at this point if I'd ever fucked my sister. Maybe after fucking her, I'd fucked Cindy. I'm sure she'd ask later. Julia was silent. I'm sure she was wondering what we'd talked about, if my relationship with the rest of my family was in the toilet. Actually, it worked out better than I had any right to expect, but I wasn't about to say anything to her yet. Let her stew for awhile. She'd taken a huge chance bringing it up, yet somehow managing for it to work out. I'd have much more to say about it later. 

The line in front of my sister was getting shorter. Bill, Sam, Marcia and Evelyn had all gone through the line already. Since my parents were seated closer to the action than I was, they got a good view of Cindy sucking their cocks and licking their cunts. I had no idea what my parents were going to do yet. I wasn't going to go up there and throw it in their faces if they continued to sit there. I'd already indicated I wasn't ready to stop, but I wasn't going to do it in front of them. I wasn't watching them, so much as I was watching Cindy, wondering what was going on in her mind now.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
I don't know if I missed some interaction between Mom and Dad, but when there were only a couple people left, they stood up and got some of the slave food. I did the same, watching them closely now. My slaves got up with me and picked some up as well. We all got in the line. I was behind Mother. Dad reached Cindy and held out his food. You could hear a pin drop. The room was dead silent, everyone watching. Cindy ate it from his fingers.

"Open," he said and Cindy opened her mouth and Dad put his cock in there. Zoe called time after his time was up.

Mom went next. "I love you so much. You're a brave girl."

Cindy smiled. "Thank you, Miss Sandra." 

Mom fed her and Cindy licked her cunt. Zoe called time and I was standing in front of my sister. There was no suspense any more. Everyone knew Cindy had sucked my cock in the past. The only difference now being she was going to do it in front of them. I gave her the food and she opened her mouth and I fed her my cock. A few quick sucks and it was over, the time limit reached. I gave way to Julia and when Cindy had licked her, Julia leaned down and kissed her, so everyone knew Julia had no problem with Cindy sucking her Master's prick. 

Everyone else finished, Brianna going last and receiving an orgasm from her new slave. After sitting down, she told the rest of us to start eating and it became a meal like any other meal. Another food masterpiece, slightly below normal temperature due to the delay in eating. Brianna pulled Cindy into her lap and kissed and fondled her as she fed her the balance of her meal. When Cindy had enough to eat, she went back to the floor between her Mistress's legs and pleasured Brianna all through dinner. When Brianna pushed back from the table, Cindy's face was glazed with her cum.

"You now have from now until ten to enjoy this slave in my bed again. Chantelle, you may have first dibs on her since you were working this afternoon. Others have been assigned to clean up after supper. Ingrid, Jade, and Riyuki will be sharing my bed tonight, so they will wait until then."

Dad interrupted the proceedings once more and asked for a paddle, so I knew our time had come. Monique left to get the paddle and the rest of us went into the living room once more. Cindy started us off and Dad smacked her as hard as I've ever seen a slave punished. This paddle wasn't just a stinger like the Enforcer. This one packed a wallop. I knew it was a taste of what I'd be getting. There was no chance Cindy would cum from this spanking. When Dad finished, Monique took charge of Cindy and applied a salve to her red ass. I hoped it helped, because Dad called me up next. 

I might have been ten years old the last time my old man spanked my ass, and I'm certain it wasn't bare at the time. Nor did he use a paddle; his hand always bad enough. I bent over and gritted my teeth as I knew this was going hurt. It was even worse than I expected, a smack so solid it knocked me three inches off my mark. I reestablished myself just before he hit me again. Eighteen more of those; fuck. Tears leaked out of my eyes. I'll give him credit. He moved the paddle around and fortunately, I was big enough to require him to spread it around. I managed not to make a sound while he was smacking me, but I felt every one. He finished with me and called Julia up. Monique spread the cream over my red ass and it was instant relief. Felt like the temperature dropped five degrees. 

Monique whispered to me, "You took that like a slave."

"I didn't cum though," I laughed. She laughed with me.

Dad was only giving Julia ten tonight, ten tomorrow, recognizing the advanced state of her pregnancy. Then Lisa and Rhonda got theirs and they did well, used to being punished. I knew they were all hurting though, because I was hurting. He delivered his last stroke to Rhonda.

"We'll say nothing more about it," Dan said. "Brianna, you can have your slave back."

Julia took the salve from Monique and applied it to her slaves reddened bottom. Even with Rhonda's dark skin, you could tell she'd been paddled hard. Monique led Cindy back to Brianna's bedroom. I don't know how long it would be before she'd be able to lie comfortably on her back. Perhaps her next lover would let her ride their face instead. Mom and Dad went back to their room, I suspect to discuss the situation more. A lot had happened and I don't know if they'd fully addressed how it affected them. 

"Would I be correct in assuming we might all like to experience the cool waters of the pool," I said to the others, thinking cool water might ease my burning buttocks.

"That would be extremely welcome," Lisa replied. 

Was it only my imagination, or did the water sizzle when we sank in past our bottoms?

"Might I ask why you had to bring up the incest law to everyone," I asked Julia. "Not that it didn't end up better than I expected, but it could have ended up so much worse."

The other two slaves wanted to know too.

"I'm sorry, Master, but these things have a way of coming out eventually and I felt it better to get in front of it instead of waiting for people, especially your parents, to find out much later. They would be angrier if they didn't find out for another year or two. I thought now would be easier for them, especially given all that happened recently."

"What happened recently?" Lisa said, asking the same question I had.

"Both Dan and Sandy have fucked Lisa and enjoyed Rhonda's oral attentions, so they've expanded their sexual horizons beyond the boundaries of their marriage, which I don't think they'd done before our slavery started. Both Master and Dan shared Dawn, so it's been established they can have sex with someone else together. After my nap, I went to see how Cindy was doing before coming out to the pool. Sandy was seated between Brianna's legs being finger fucked as they watched Cindy get double penetrated by Sam and Bill. Then I licked Brianna as your mother masturbated beside us. Your mother was aroused to see those two men fucking her daughter. On our way back to the pool, she said she'd like to see me fucked by Dan and Master, like they fucked Dawn together and Cindy was fucked. It seemed to me given those circumstances, the way they've participated our activities the last couple weeks, they might be more receptive now than any other time."

"My mother told you she wanted to see her husband and son fuck you?" I said, amazed.

"Yes, sir. Probably not while I'm pregnant, but some day. It seemed to me there was a flexibility towards their children which wasn't normally present. Perhaps they might be able to move past it easier if they knew you weren't violating any laws and they found out now, at the beginning, fully admitting to what we've done, and not making them think it was worse if we'd never told them. I know I took a big chance, but I believe your sexual interest in Cindy would become apparent to anyone who watched you two interact for any length of time. I mean I figured it out. I doubt I'm the only one who would."

"Cindy said you figured it out. How?"

"The strip tease she gave when she took off her clothes the first night, Master. That was for you. She couldn't take her eyes off of you as she removed her clothes. How aroused she was around you all the time. How excited she was masturbating for you, the strength of her orgasm when she climaxed. Then you told us you caught her naked in the shower. Given the time of day you normally went home from college, it seemed odd you would catch her in the shower, unless she wanted to caught naked in the shower. I made it a statement of fact, asking something like, 'how long did you plan for your brother to see you naked'. Instead of denying it, she asked how I knew, giving herself away."

"Clever police work, Domina," Rhonda said. Julia kissed her. 

"And you, Master. No matter how much we drained your balls, you stayed erect or got hard again whenever Cindy was around. It was obvious you were carrying a torch for her. I know your other slaves noticed it. How anguished you got whenever any other man used her, like she was your property. How long before everyone else noticed? Get it out now while the getting was good seemed the best way to deal with it. So what happened when you had your family chat?"

"Cindy more or less took the fall. She admitted to my parents she'd loved me a long time. It was the reason she moved away and never visited, because she didn't want to see me happy with another woman and risk showing us how much she loved me. She said your willingness to share me with her is what made it possible to move back because you don't care if she loves me. She also said that allowing us to be sexual with each other while you monitored our activities would ensure nothing worse would happen. Mom kind of stuck up for her after her admission. She told Dad we don't always have control over who we fall in love with. Cindy said as a slave, she doesn't want to hide her sexuality anymore. She prefers to admit who she loves and live with it. She suggested to Dad we be spanked, because it was bad and there should be consequences. Mom agreed, and further suggested we let things continue as they are as no laws are being broken and our activities are monitored by my other slaves. Dad reluctantly agreed."

"So you get to keep fucking Cindy, sir?" Julia asked.

"I guess. Won't do it in front of my parents. That seems a little blatant, but they seemed to go along with it. I took both of them joining in the ceremony at supper as kind of their blessing on the behavior."

"I felt the same way," Julia said. "It's even better than I hoped it would be, Master. I wasn't sure they'd accept future sex with her, but I think Cindy admitting she's always loved you helped."

"You really don't care that I love my sister and want to have sex with her, do you?"

"No, Master. I really don't. I know you love me and you can love a thousand other people as long as you continue loving me."

"How could I ever stop loving you?"

"As long as you never try stopping, sir, we'll never have to find out?" 

She leaned in for a kiss and I gave her a good one. Then I kissed each of the others for good measure. It seems we were all in this together.

******

Zoe came out to the pool and got in the water with us. She hugged each of us, ending with me.

"Did you really use your sister's mouth?" She asked.

"And her ass too," I admitted.

"That is so fucking hot, sir," Zoe said. "She got to watch me fucking you. Would you have any objection to me watching you two fuck?"

"Seriously? You're not disgusted?"

"I thought I should be, sir, but I'm not. Cindy's a slave. Slaves should be fucked. As long as you're not breaking the law, why not fuck her."

My slaves all laughed. "Exactly the way we feel," Lisa said.

"I'm happy it's not breaking up your marriage or permanently screwing up your relationship with your parents," Zoe said. "That's the important thing, sir. But after watching Cindy suck Dan's and your cocks and muff dive your mother, I wanted to get screwed bad."

"I'm happy to know my twisted sex life can be a source of such arousal to you," I laughed.

"You haven't answered my question, sir. Can I watch you fuck her?"

"Why not," I replied.

"You'd better hurry. Mistress turns her off at ten for others."

We all got out of the pool and went into the house. Cindy was still leashed to the bed. Adele was fucking her. She was in a sixty-nine with Cindy and Adele had taken pity on her and was letting Cindy have the top. Her bottom was still dark red. I checked Lisa's in comparison and the pool had apparently done some good because Lisa's looked half as bad, or maybe Dad didn't feel Lisa deserved as hard a spanking. Someone had taken lipstick and written "Fuck here," on Cindy's ass. When they were finished and Cindy got up to let Adele out from under her, I saw the same thing was written on her mons and face. Both of those were smeared by the cum on them.

"Mistress ordered it put on her, sir," Adele said. "It will wash off."

"I'll take over, Adele," Zoe said. "I want to watch Scott and his sister." She waited until Adele left then sat on the bed next to Cindy. "Hello, pretty girl." Zoe stroked my sister's face, wiping some of the cum off. "Your brother is here to fuck you and I'm going to watch, like you watched us. I want to see you doing the dirty with your brother."

Cindy blushed. I felt I was blushing too, though my dick was almost immediately hard. It was the first time I'd be fucking my sister with an audience other than my own slaves.

"May I direct, Master Scott?" Zoe asked.

I nodded, incapable of words at the moment. 

"Good," Zoe exclaimed. "I wish Julia wasn't so pregnant and I could put her on the bottom licking Cindy's cunt while her husband fucked her ass, but I guess Lisa will have to do. It's almost the same thing."

I swore my cock grew another half inch and moved up another ten degrees. 

Zoe noticed and laughed. "You're as twisted as I am, sir. Lie down, Lisa. We'll let Cindy lick your slit while she's getting fucked."

Lisa got on the bed and spread her legs. Cindy got over her and they commenced licking one another. Cindy must have been turned on by the situation or Adele left her frustrated when she stopped. Cindy orgasmed almost immediately after Lisa's tongue hit her clit. Zoe got some lube from the bedside table. 

"You better use this since you can't dip your wick in her wet cunt."

I lubed up my cock and Cindy's starred back door. Zoe watched intently as my cock slowly disappeared in her ass, Cindy moaning. 

"Rhonda," Zoe said, "please lick my cunt. I need to cum. Julia, you're on your own. I'll make it up to you later, I promise."

Zoe was leaning with one hand on the bed, close to where the action was, her legs spread. Rhonda sat on the floor between her legs and started licking her cunt while Zoe played with one of her own milk swollen breasts. Julia was on the other side of Cindy, masturbating herself. I gave Cindy a few moments to adjust when I'd fully penetrated her ass, then began a slow fucking. I hoped I'd last a long time, but this was so bizarre, I was afraid I wouldn't last long at all, especially as it had been before my nap that I'd had any sex at all. 

Cindy was cumming like crazy. Zoe was cumming like crazy. Lisa and Julia were climaxing normally, for slaves, which was pretty often. Each time Cindy spasmed, her buttocks clenched, exerting a wonderful pressure on my prick, trying to milk my cum. I only lasted ten minutes. 

Lisa must have noted the signs of my impending release. She giggled and said, "Thar she blows." 

I gushed what felt like cups of cum in Cindy's ass. I was still groaning and pumping a couple minutes later.

"So fucking hot. Cindy, suck your brother's cock clean," Zoe panted. "Suck him until he cums again in your mouth."

Cindy waited for me to pull out of her bottom, then abandoned Lisa and sucked my dying cock back to life. Since Lisa was without anyone licking her, she licked Cindy's ass clean, then started licking Julia, who no longer had to masturbate.

"Fuck, I'm cumming again," Zoe moaned. "That's like seven in the last dozen minutes. Oh, God! I'm in heaven."

Cindy was putting her newly learned skills to work. My cock was buried in her mouth and one hand was palming my balls while her other hand was on my ass trying to pull me deeper into her throat. I closed my eyes and let the sensations wash over me. Her dancing tongue, her throat muscles swallowing to take all of me, the sounds of orgasmic women cumming. The scent of sex was overpowering. I took a deep breath, smelling it, savoring it. My ex-girlfriend, my sister, my wife, all cumming, their moans, whimpers and squeals of pleasure sweet music. 

Cindy was doing it again; sucking my cum from my balls. 

"I'm going to cum, sis," I groaned. "Swallow it all, Cindy."

She pulled off, only covering the top of my cock, just the way I liked it, just the way she'd been taught to suck me. Jet after jet of hot, salty cum shot into her mouth and she swallowed frantically to keep up with it all. Zoe climaxed the same time as I did. I heard her moans of pleasure.

"Damn girl. You a squirter?" Rhonda said, suddenly sputtering.

"No, damn it!" Zoe muttered. "My water just broke."

"Yecch," Rhonda said. "No wonder it tasted bad. Lie down on the bed. I'll get your Mistress."

Rhonda rushed out of the room while Zoe lay down on the bed. There was a substantial wet spot on the floor where she'd been standing and I felt sorry for Rhonda.

"I was cumming so much, the spasms must have started my contractions," Zoe said.

Lisa, Cindy and Julia were fussing over her. I was like a fifth wheel at the moment.

"Do you call for an ambulance?" I asked.

"This time of night, someone will probably drive me," Zoe said, panting. "Probably Marcia. She delivered Mistress's twins. She can deliver this one too if she has to. Sam will come since he's the father. Mistress will definitely come."

"I'll send Rhonda with you. She's had training too," Julia said. She kissed Zoe. "You're having your baby. I'm so excited, Zoe."

The room was suddenly flooded with people. Brianna and a half dozen of her slaves, plus Sam, Marcia, Chantelle, Bill and Evelyn. 

Brianna started snapping out orders. "Monique, get the limo running. Adele, bring Zoe some clothes. Everyone who's going to the hospital get dressed. Zoe, where's your hospital go bag?" 

"Packed in a bag next to my bed, Mistress."

"I'll drive," Marcia said. "Sam get dressed. You ride shotgun. It's your kid." They both left to dress.

"Take Rhonda too," Julia said. "She's had first responder training. Rhonda get dressed, ride along. We'll come get you later."

"Yes, Domina." She ran off again.

"I could get a helicopter here in fifteen minutes," William said.

"This time of day," Brianna said, "the traffic is light enough to get to the hospital in twenty or twenty-five minutes, Bill, but thanks. Marcia can get an LEO escort if we need one and delivering in the back of the limo is easier than a helo. Hey love," she patted Zoe's cheek. "You're about five days early aren't you?"

"Yes, Mistress. I was cumming a lot."

"It wasn't Scott was it, ramming his cock up your cunt?"

"No, Mistress. Just Rhonda, Scott was occupied elsewhere. I was watching."

Brianna looked at Cindy and laughed. "I see."

Mom and Dad stuck their head in the door. "What's going on? There's a lot of commotion out there." Mom asked.

"Zoe's water broke," Julia replied. "She's going to have her baby."

"Zoe, how wonderful. Let us know if you need anything. Come on Dan; move. We're in the way here."

Adele was back with the go bag and she handed a loose robe to Brianna and she and Adele were trying to get it over Zoe's naked body. 

"Contraction is starting," Zoe said. Brianna glanced at her watch. They pretty much left her alone except telling her to pant as she went through her contraction. 

"You know," Brianna said, "most of you are in the way here. Adele, clear everyone else out of here but Cindy, who's to remain leashed to the bed, and Zoe."

"Yes, Mistress."

The rest of us got hustled out of the bedroom. Monique came back and informed Brianna the car was ready to go. There were sheets, pillows and a first aid kit in the car. Marcia and Sam were there on the echo. Monique handed them the keys. 

"Sam and I can get Zoe out to the car," I said, still standing outside the door, finally with something to do. 

"Do it," Brianna ordered. 

I showed Sam how to form a chair with our arms and Brianna helped get her onto them. Zoe was clinging tightly to my biceps, gripping harder when another contraction started. Monique and Brianna followed, Brianna giving last minute instructions. 

"Monique, you're in charge until I get back. You, Jade and Riyuki may spend the night with Cindy. Her piercings are to start tomorrow no later than ten even if I'm not back. She needs to be on her way to the airport by two PM. I don't want to cut it too close. Sorry I might miss the rest of your visit Scott. It's always entertaining."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
"Me too. I have to come and pick up Rhonda from the hospital. If you want me to bring someone else, or someone needs to come back, they can ride with me."

"Thank you, I'll text you if I need to."

"Have Rhonda tell you what she was doing when Zoe's water broke. It's pretty funny."

Zoe started laughing. "Poor girl. I wonder if she's gotten the taste out of her mouth yet?"

"She was licking your cunt?" Brianna asked.

"Yes, Mistress." 

Brianna and Monique started laughing. Sam faltered he was laughing so hard. Good thing I had a firm grip on him.

"I'll give her a shot of really old Scotch after we get to the hospital. Maybe it will help," Brianna said.

Sam and I got Zoe in the car. Marcia and Rhonda had a little nest made up for her in the back. Ingrid was back there too. Brianna climbed in with them and Sam got in the front seat. Marcia got behind the wheel. 

"Ingrid has been taking mid-wife classes," Brianna said. "She's not certified yet, but between Rhonda, Marcia and her, we should be good. Drive safely, Marcia."

"Yes, Brianna." I looked at Marcia and her collar was off. Back on duty. Ingrid was removing hers and Brianna was removing Zoe's."

"You can remove your collar and cuffs while you're at the hospital, Rhonda. We'll be at the hospital in an hour or so to pick you up," I said.

"Thank you, Master."

"Behave yourself, Scott," Brianna said. "Your sister's off limits as of ten."

"My Father will be happy to hear that. I understand she's your slave and won't violate your protocols." 

I closed the door and the limo left. I went inside to find Julia and Lisa. They were having tea in the dining room with Chantelle and a few other slaves, including Lucia, Shasta, William and Evelyn. I'd kind of forgotten about Shasta for several hours. Been kind of busy. When I came in, she didn't look at me, getting up shortly after I got there and leaving, Lucia going with her. 

"Is there something wrong with Shasta and Lucia?" I asked.

"I don't believe either of them are particularly enamored of your family's position regarding your sister," Bill said.

Oh, shit. It wasn't just my family I needed to worry about. It was everyone else too. Shasta had problems with a lot of stuff we did when she was first exposed to it. She'd seen Cindy and I fucking Lisa and knew Cindy was a slave, but finding out I'd been sexually intimate with Cindy as well might very well been an unpleasant surprise. 

"Shasta is Southern Baptist and Lucia is Roman Catholic, Master," Julia said. "I wasn't thinking of them when I spilled the beans."

"Why did you spill the beans?" Bill asked. 

"I thought it would eventually get out anyway, sir, and it would be worse the longer we delayed telling his parents. Cindy has been in love with Master since she was a teenager. When we married, she moved away so she didn't have to witness our happiness. Letting her spend a little time with Master allowed her come to a decision to move back to California as she knows I don't care if Master has what sex he can with her."

"It must be terrible loving someone you can never be with," Evelyn said.

"We didn't realize at first they could be together," Julia said. "We played around to simulate them having sex. They'd close their eyes and one of us would suck Master's cock and another would lick her cunt and they'd talk to each other so they could pretend it was each other. Another time, Rhonda fucked Cindy in the ass while Master fucked Rhonda. She tried to duplicate every thing Master was doing to her with Cindy. It wasn't ideal, but it was something. I for one, was happy for them when we found out there was only one limit."

"You really love your Master," Evelyn said.

"More than anything," Julia replied.

"What do you think about it, Bill?" I asked.

"I think it's on the strange side. I was surprised California only treats vaginal sex as incest. It's different than New York. I think it's good Cindy is going to submit to Brianna. I suspect trouble would have ensued if she didn't." 

"You want to quit doing business with me?" I asked.

"One thing doesn't have anything to do with the other," Thornhill smiled. "If odd sexual practices weirded me out, I'd probably be divorced and wouldn't have a sex slave of my own. It was pretty strange when I first saw it."

"This is going to be rough for us, Master Bill," Julia said. "Shasta is our most valuable employee. She practically built your new bed by herself. Lucia is carrying Master's child. If they can't forgive us, it's going to be hard."

"Lucia's is yours? I didn't know that. All they told me is it wasn't Sam's. Listen, all you can do is talk to them. On the whole, you're good people, caught up in something you may not have control over. It's hard to have control over who you love. Sometimes, you love someone even though they've hurt you beyond bearing," He looked at Evelyn. "but you learn to make it work. It's hard to deny what you feel, but in the case of California, apparently you don't need to deny yourselves much."

"Thanks," I said.

"Good luck on making Shasta and Lucia see reason."

"We should go pick up Rhonda. Who knows what hospital they went to?"

"Monique would know for sure," Bill said.

The three of us left and went to Brianna's bedroom. The door was open and we peeked inside. Cindy was strapped down to the bed spread-eagle. Jade was dining on her cunt, Riyuki was riding her mouth. Monique was telling Cindy she didn't have permission to cum and she was straining not to. I knocked on the door.

"What is it?" Monique asked.

"We need to know what hospital Zoe went to so we can pick up Rhonda."

As soon as she heard my voice, Cindy spasmed; a back arching, stomach rippling, shaking like a leaf, orgasm. 

Monique told her, "Twenty-five strokes from your father's hand." 

Brianna had said Dad was giving the punishments this weekend. Apparently, that hadn't changed.

She addressed me. "Sherman Oaks hospital to the North of us. I can send Dawn with you if you need directions."

"I've got GPS, but it would be nice to have someone familiar with the area."

"She's in your parents room. Tell your father his daughter will need to be spanked tomorrow."

"Thank you."

We went to my parents room and knocked on the closed door. "Come in," my mother said. I opened the door and no one was having sex, though it looked as though it might have happened fairly recently. Dawn was lying between the two of them. 

"I'm sorry, but Monique said you could give us directions to Sherman Oaks Hospital so we can pick up Rhonda."

"Sure, let me shower quick and throw on a dress," Dawn said. 

She got out from between my parents and headed to her room to grab a shower and clothes.

"Master," Julia said, "I'm feeling tired and don't want to go out this time of night. Take Lisa and Dawn and that will be four in the car coming back. I'm going to stay here."

"Okay." I paused. "Um, Monique said Cindy earned a punishment by cumming without permission. Twenty-five swats with your hand. Are you still agreeable to administering the punishments this weekend?" 

He hadn't wanted to swat Cindy last Saturday, but a lot of things had changed since then.

"I'll think about it."

At the moment, I was a little uncomfortable around my folks. "Tell Dawn we'll be waiting by the car." We stopped by my room to put on clothes and headed outside to wait for Dawn.

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 48|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-48|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<i>California law specifically states vaginal penetration must occur for incest to occur. What happens in this chapter may not violate this law, but some of it may be considered incest to you, the readers. This chapter also contains oral sex, lesbian sex, interracial sex, slave piercings, punishment and plain old fucking. STDs do not exist in this fantasy.</i>

<b>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 48 - Cindy In LA, pt 3</b>

JULIA

I wasn't lying to my Master when I said I was too tired to go out, but the main reason I stayed was to speak to Shasta and Lucia. I didn't want to see a rift form between us. I cared too much for both of them. Maybe Master's parents too, if they wanted to talk, though they were taking it better than I had any right to hope.

Master left and I started with his parents, going to their room and sitting down on their bed, hoping they might wish to say something. I rubbed my stomach, subtly reminding them their grandson was in there, playing the grandson card.

"We've decided to name him Lucas Daniel Rivers," I said. "Lucas because Lucia saved his life and Daniel after you, Master Dan."

"That's a beautiful name, Julia. I love it," Sandy said.

"Thank you. I do too."

There was about thirty seconds of silence, then Dan said, "Why did you tell us, Julia? I think I could have gone my entire life without knowing my children were having sex."

"You're possibly correct, Master Dan. I won't deny it's a shock to learn something like that. But ask yourself this. If you had found out a year from now or five years from now, would you feel better or worse than you do now? Would you believe it only extended as far as the law allowed, or would you think they'd done everything lovers do? 

"I don't believe they would have been capable of hiding something like this from you forever. Something would have eventually given it away. Now you know. You also should know I won't let anything happen which will get my Master or your daughter into legal trouble. She's going to be owned now by Mistress Brianna and the opportunities for her to have sex with my Master will correspondingly decrease, yet she can move back to California and you can have her back in your life. Brianna owns her cunt now, and I'm not sure she'll be so willing to share her with Master. Is it so bad you can't forgive them or me?"

"I'm surprised it doesn't bother you more, Julia," Sandra said.

"I love my Master so much, there isn't much I wouldn't give him, Sandy. Cindy moved away when we got married because she couldn't stand watching him be happy with another woman. I don't think she can help herself any more than I can help being a slave or Rhonda a lesbian. We love who we love. I feel sorry for her. 

"I've never gotten to know her because she moved thousands of miles away and seldom visited so her heart wouldn't be broken every time she saw us. Yet they cared for one another when they grew up. I know he missed seeing her. If I can give her some comfort by allowing her to spend time with Master so she doesn't have to stay far away from us, it's a small price to pay. I share him with other people now. What's one more? I don't care she's his sister. It's just someone he loves, like Lisa."

"You took a big chance telling us," Sandy said.

"I took a chance. I'm not sure it was a big chance. You're open minded. You understand Master's and my lifestyle, and we choose to include Lisa and Rhonda. You're open enough you've both fucked Lisa and Dawn. You've both accepted oral pleasure from Rhonda. Sandy, when you were with Mistress Brianna and witnessed Cindy getting double fucked by Sam and Bill, it aroused you. You said so. Why were you aroused at seeing your daughter used so?"

She didn't answer for awhile, thinking. "Because she's a submissive like me and she was enjoying herself."

"Let me be blunt, Master Dan. You can't tell me you aren't aroused by your submissive daughter. The evidence was plain. I know you didn't want to give Cindy an orgasm when you swatted her, stopping when she needed to cum, but it excited you. You couldn't wait to fuck your wife."

"Of course she excites me. She's beautiful; a naked slave who looks like her mother, but it doesn't mean it's not wrong."

"Wrong to your own moral code, not to the laws of the State of California. I'm not asking you to lick her cunt, or for you to accept her sucking your cock. You do what seems right to you. I would never attempt to impose my beliefs on you. It's none of my fucking business. I'm responsible for my Master. I don't want him running afoul of the law. I will ensure it never happens. You decide what you can accept or not. If it's no more than spanking her naked ass because she orgasmed without permission, it's up to you. If you decide you can't get that close to your naked slave daughter, it's up to you. Sandy, do you know why else I thought it wasn't as much of a risk as you might think?"

"Why?"

"Because when we were done watching Cindy get double dicked, you said you'd like to see Master and your husband fuck me."

Dan gasped, the color draining from his face. He looked at Sandy like she'd grown a second head.

"At the time you said it, Sandy; I don't know if you knew what the laws regarding incest were. If you believed your husband would be committing incest if he fucked me. I can tell you now, it isn't. If Master wants to fuck me with his father, he can. You can watch. No one is committing a crime. It's not incest if Master Dan fucks me, not even if he fucks my cunt."

"You said that?" Dan asked Sandy, goggle eyed.

Sandy blushed, lowering her eyes. "I did," she admitted. "I was so turned on. I thought it would be so nice to watch the two of you fucking her."

"Would you fuck me?" Dan asked. I wondered if he'd regret asking that question later. Right now, he probably wasn't thinking all that well, having been emotionally stunned.

"I have no reason not to if Master doesn't care. He owns my pussy and can do what he likes with it. If he wants you to fuck me, I'll fuck you."

"Christ!"

"Does it make that much difference if it's your daughter or your daughter-in-law, Master Dan? Is one of them okay in your mind, but the other not? What about you, Sandy. Could you lick my cunt and ignore your daughter, or is it pretty much the same?"

Dead silence. 

"Our poker friends were told about the California law. They were told so they wouldn't be surprised when Cindy sucked Scott's cock when he won a hand. They think it's a little strange, but nobody walked out. Every one of them has fucked me, their friends wife. Scott has fucked Reneé and Janet, and they're getting married to their new Masters. They all got over any reservations about doing so rather easily, nor did they react badly when Cindy sucked him off. Maybe we just have twisted friends, but no one's clamoring to run away from the knowledge. I wouldn't tell everyone about it, but we'll get by. Make whatever peace you can with it. Please forgive your children and give them your blessing. The world hasn't ended. That's all I wanted to say." 

I left to find Shasta and Lucia. Their door was closed. I knocked.

"Who is it?" Lucia asked. 

"Julia," I replied. "I'd like to talk to you both. Please."

"Come in," Lucia said.

I walked in. Shasta was lying on her back on the bed, her hands behind her head, a sheet pulled up to her hips, but otherwise bare. Lucia was on her side, her head propped on her hand.

"Hey, there," I said. "I came in to see how you were doing."

"How do you think I am?" Shasta asked.

"Upset."

"Good guess."

"They're the same two people they were yesterday," I said. 

"He fuck his sister. Not the same people at all."

"Since he fucked his sister the first time a week ago; yeah, they're pretty much the same. They didn't violate the law."

"There's the laws of man and the laws of God."

"Good point, Shasta. There's a lot of different laws. Let me ask you a few questions if I may?"

She looked at me. "Go ahead."

"If the gang banger who raped you tried to take your son away from you, what would you have done?"

"I'd have killed his ass."

"Murder. Against the laws of both man and God."

"He trying to take my boy. It be self defense as far as I'm concerned."

"He believed he was Cedric's father and you were trying to keep Cedric away from him. Didn't he have the same parental rights as you do?"

"He not give a shit about Cedric til he old enough to indoctrinate in the gang. Some fucking father."

I laughed. I couldn't help it. "What's so fucking funny?" Shasta asked.

"I agree wholeheartedly with your assessment of him, Shasta. He was a poor fucking excuse for a father, but as far as God and the law is concerned, he probably had as many rights as you, if he was the father. Let me ask another question. What if he got hold of Cedric? Whether by legal means or because he snatched him off the streets or out of school? You had to see Cedric every day with the bastard, but his gang never let you near him again, never to hug him or kiss him or tuck him into bed at night. How would you feel?"

"Like I'm dead."

"I think it's how Cindy felt. She loved her brother. She knows it's wrong but she can't help who she loves, anymore than you can help loving Cedric. She would see him every day with another woman, knowing she could never hug him or kiss him or tuck him into bed at night. She just has to live with it, dead inside. She moves away so she doesn't have to see him happy with another woman; lives thousands of miles away, doesn't visit, even to see her parents who she cares for deeply. Now she comes for a visit and I don't care if she loves him, that she can kiss him and hug him and tuck him into bed at night. Her love is no longer unrequited. How happy that would make her feel; how happy you'd be to get Cedric back even for a brief time."

Shasta was quiet, so maybe I was getting through to her. 

"There are sound, biological reasons for brothers not to have sex with sisters, or parents with their children or their parents. The possibility of recessive genes cropping up and any children born to such a union having birth defects. California recognizes this and doesn't allow for vaginal sex for that reason. It's why some breeds of dogs have so many biological issues such as hips in German Shepards. They've been inbred too much. At the time biblical laws were made, people didn't have birth control. If you fucked someone, there was always a chance they would have babies. The laws of the time recognized babies were the result of sex so they prohibited sex between close relations altogether. But some societies still allowed it. The pharaohs of Egypt sometimes married their sisters. You saw Master and Cindy fucking Lisa. You watched. What was so different about that it didn't matter to you?"

"Scott not fucking his own sister," Shasta said. "That's why. It's wrong."

"I won't tell you to ignore what you believe to be God's laws yourself if that's what you believe, but we don't want to lose you as a friend. You're very important to us, not just for my business, but as a friend. Please don't turn away from us now."

"How do I ignore what happening in your house over my head?"

"It won't be happening over your head anymore. I'm not saying it will never happen again, but she won't be staying there any longer. But are they hurting anyone else? Are they breaking man's law? Doesn't Cindy deserve a little bit of happiness? She belongs to Brianna now. I'm certain they won't have a lot of chances to have sex anymore. Mistress Brianna doesn't provide a lot of opportunity for her slaves to get cock."

"Cindy got lots of dick today."

"It's not normal. Brianna was establishing Cindy's subservience, that Cindy is hers now, has to fuck who she lets her fuck. It's also the reason why she was leashed and crawling around on her hands and knees. Do you see the other slaves treated in the same way? Mistress Brianna's slaves have a lot of freedom, so she's establishing her control at the beginning before Cindy goes away for a month. It's why everyone got to fuck her now and why she can't have sex until she comes back. Sam won't fuck her again unless she wants to become pregnant. Bill is only here for a couple weeks. Soon, it's only women who will fuck her. I'll leave you with one more thought, and this is for you too, Lucia, as I suspect you're upset as well, and we don't want a rift forming with you since you carry Master's child and Dan's and Sandy's grandchild. If you were back in your home country right now, could you be living in an openly lesbian subservient relationship with a Mistress?"

"No, my country is too Catholic. They would never accept it."

"Does the church accept any other form of birth control other than the rhythm method?"

"No."

"Even in this country, did the state recognize the love of a woman for another woman or a man to a man until recently?"

"No."

"Yet you choose to love a woman. There are still laws existing in this country prohibiting any sex unless you're married, oral sex of any kind, anal sex which the Bible calls sodomy which is prohibited by God's law, and while the Bible doesn't deal with sex toys and vibrators because they didn't exist, it specifically says masturbation is a sin as the spilling of your seed upon the ground is a waste of God's gift of procreation. Do you masturbate, Shasta?"

"You know I do."

"Yes. I've seen you do it. Solomon had over a thousand wives and concubines, and the Bible allowed slavery, which we now recognize as wrong. So in a way, we're all picking and choosing which of man's or God's laws we choose to follow in the privacy of our own home. While you may not be enthused Master is having sex with Cindy, and I don't expect you to be; please don't hate them or toss them aside. They are still good people, worthy of your love."

Lucia got out of bed kissed me. "I'll do my best."

"Thank you. Shasta?"

"I'll try."

I shook her hand. "I appreciate it. It's all I ask."

I went to take a nap while I waited for my Master.

******

SCOTT

Dawn joined us shortly and we headed for the hospital. 

"Where's Julia, sir?" She asked.

"Tired, plus we'd have five people crammed in the car on the way back if she came."

"You wouldn't have any more juice left, would you Master Scott," Dawn asked, "or did you expend it all on your sister?"

"What do you think about that?"

"I don't really care one way or the other. I've seen a lot of shit and this barely moves the shit meter, sir." 

"Haven't you had enough cock yet?" I asked.

"I've had more than I expected," Dawn admitted, "but I'm trying to think of the next time I might get some. Lucia doesn't have another doctor's appointment scheduled for a couple months, and I'm not sure Mistress will let me go again without more quid pro quo on your part, sir. With Julia delivering next month, it's unlikely you'll be back soon. I might not get any more until your bonding ceremony in May and maybe you'll want to spend all your time fucking your slaves for the special occasion."

"Maybe we should invite Dawn for a few extra days to make sure she's there for one of our Thursday night poker games. Sell all three of her holes after," Lisa said. "Maybe the Strongs and Jerry can give her enough cock to satisfy her, sir? We don't mind providing the quid pro quo, though we might need to bring Lucas with us if it's after Julia delivers. The extra care givers here will help us look after him. You and your father could plug two of her holes again. He seems to enjoy this mouthy slave and I'm sure she'd earn another good spanking. She's spent most of the last day with a red ass."

"Oh, tell me about the poker game, sir," Dawn said. "It sounds like fun."

I explained the rules of the Thursday night game to her. 

"Fuck me, Master Scott, I'm juicing up," Dawn said. "Could you sell me for the entire night?"

We all laughed. Dawn was incorrigible. 

"Everyone has to work the next day. You might not get fucked much more than usual," Master said.

"Why don't you have the game on a Friday night instead, sir?"

"We tried to reserve Friday's for family," I replied. "You know, date nights, to bond with our women."

"What do you do now on Fridays, Lisa?"

"Mostly fuck."

"So what would change if you move the game to Friday night? You'll still all be fucking."

We looked at one another. "Everyone else would have to agree," Master said.

"They're doing the same thing on Friday nights as we are, Master," Lisa said. "I doubt anyone would have a reason to object to moving the game to Friday nights. They'd get to bed earlier on Thursday nights. Even Rhonda has Friday night off. She doesn't have to work. She could be sold to a woman for the night."

"You move the game to Friday night, you can sell me to the winners for the night," Dawn said, "at least when I come to visit."

"I'll send out an exploratory text," Master said.

"Now I'm really dripping, sir. I need some sex fast."

"I'm driving," Master said. "Perhaps Lisa would be happy to play with you."

"When have I never wanted sex," Lisa said, unbuckling her seat belt and crawling into the back seat.

"Remember, Dawn. You still need to give me directions to the hospital."

"Sherman Oaks. Put it in the GPS. I'll direct you to visitors parking and the maternity ward when we get there."

Her head moved between Lisa's legs.

******

After putting the hospital in the GPS, I dictated a text to poker buddies. Thank God for hands free texting.

No rush on a response, but what does everyone think of moving the poker game to Friday nights instead of Thursday? It might make for more interesting slave sales when one is available to be sold. A couple slaves have suggested an auction for a night of servitude, including one you don't know.

It didn't take too long for most of them to answer. Some wanted more information. Rather than spell it out now. I told them we could discuss during next weeks Thursday game as I didn't expect any sudden changes.

The slaves slurping on each other in the back seat had me hard as I could easily hear their moaning as they climaxed. I supposed I could put a stop to it if I really wanted to, but it's pleasant listening to women cum.

"It's a mile to the hospital, Dawn. Give me some directions."

Dawn reluctantly gave up licking Lisa's cunt. She sat up and looked around, wiping her face off.

"Take the first left before the hospital. Go half a block and turn into the parking lot on the right. That puts us next to the maternity ward."

I followed her instructions and found myself in a parking lot about three rows from an entry door. 

"Elevators on the left. Up to the third floor. Maternity Ward straight ahead. Easy Peasy Lemon Squeezy."

"You've been here before, I take it?"

"You see a lot of bambinos running around the estate, don't you. Everybody comes to visit at least once each kid. Everybody else made it all the way to the hospital except Mistress. She delivered in the limo. The only two I missed. I wasn't here yet."

We all followed her instructions and Ingrid, Rhonda and Sam in the waiting room, Marcia was getting coffee for Ingrid and Sam, Brianna was in the delivery room with Zoe.

"Any word yet, Ingrid?" Dawn asked.

"Not yet. The labor is dragging on. It looks like an all nighter."

"Pretty quiet on the ride up?" I asked Rhonda.

"Nothing as bad as getting a mouthful of amniotic fluid," Rhonda said.

"What?" Dawn said. "What are you talking about?"

"Rhonda was licking Zoe when her water broke," I said.

Dawn put a hand over her mouth, a muffled 'No', coming from behind her hand. She stared for about five seconds, then started laughing.

"How did it taste?" she whispered, her hand still covering her mouth like she was afraid some would get in there.

"Pretty damn bad. At first I thought she was a squirter. I've run into a couple of women who squirt, but this didn't taste anything like cum. I thought I was going to die."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"Did Brianna give you a glass of old Scotch? She said she would," I said.

"She did, while the aides were putting Zoe on the gurney, she poured me half a glass. It helped, but I can still taste it in my mouth like a bad memory. Remind me to stay away from Domina's cunt when she's due. I don't want to taste it again." 

Marcia had come back with the coffee and we were all laughing. 

"Are you ready to go back, Rhonda?"

"I might as well."

"Anyone else?"

"I may as well come," Ingrid said. "I'm not needed anymore."

"Sam will stay because he's the father, and I'll stay because I'm like the great aunt," Marcia said. "I don't know how many are his, but even though I didn't bring them into the world, I sometimes feel like I was part of the reason they're here."

"That's because you let Sam be the estate stud," Dawn said. "If you don't let him, they don't have them. You probably have as much right as anyone else to the little rug rats." 

"Will you ever have any kids, Dawn?" I asked her.

"Probably, sir, but not for ten years maybe. For now, I'm like Marcia, a sports model; all nice curves and powerful engine with no back seat for kids. By the time I want kids, I may need you to be the father. Sam will be getting too old to have kids. He'll be dying before they graduate high school."

"Jesus, how old do you think I am?" Sam said.

"Early forties, sir, but think. Ten years, early fifties. Eighteen years after that, you're seventy looking at funeral plots. Master Scott is what, early thirties. He'll only be looking at retirement when the kid graduates."

We all laughed again, even Sam. "Shit, you make me feel ancient," he said.

"All fossils are old, sir, no offense."

"Is she due another spanking yet? I think I'll take over from Dan if she is."

"I think that's our cue to boogie, Master Scott. My work here is done." She gave him a kiss. "Goodbye, old man." She whispered an aside to Marcia. "I just think he wants to fuck me with your permission." Marcia laughed.

We did leave. Because Ingrid was so tall, I let her ride in the front, while Rhonda, Lisa and Dawn rode in the back. There was general tom foolery going on in the back seat, but no one was lying down at least. Back at the estate, we said good night to Ingrid while the rest of us headed towards my room which was near my parents.

"Your bed will be pretty crowded, sir," Dawn said. "I think I'll see if your old man can get it up again. If not, maybe the missus will want to play."

"You're talking about my parents, you know."

She got a huge grin. "I know, isn't it grand, Master." She stripped off her dress and slipped into their bedroom.

We went into our own bedroom, taking off our clothes before going inside so we wouldn't be tripping around in the dark. The light was out. I took Rhonda's hand; she took Lisa's and we felt our way across the room, my hand feeling in front of me for the bed.

Julia was sleeping on the edge I found. I nudged her into the middle and climbed in behind her. Lisa and Rhonda got in on the other side. It was after midnight, so no playing occurred.

Julia woke up long enough to ask, "Any news?"

"Not yet. Maybe in the morning."

"Good night, Master."

"Good night, slave." 

******

JULIA

We slept until 7:30, waking up when Master's alarm went off. I didn't get to cum much last night, so told my slave to pleasure me while Lisa took care of Master's morning wood. Of course I climaxed three times in the time it took Master to cum once. I'd finger fuck Rhonda when I fed her this morning. 

After a quick shower, two at a time, we went to the dining room. Monique was at the head of the table, Jade and Riyuki on either side of her. Cindy was still leashed, licking Marcia under the table at the moment. Marcia had left with Zoe last night, so if she was back, perhaps there was news.

"Did Zoe have her baby?" I asked.

Between moans, Marcia said, "Baby girl, born at 4:58 AM, named Jenna. Seven pounds, nine ounces. Mother and daughter are doing fine. Sam and I got back about fifteen minutes ago. We're grabbing a bite, then hitting the rack. Brianna's still at the hospital. Another load of five is leaving in twenty minutes, Adele with them. Ah, fuck, Cindy. You're becoming so much better at this." 

She clutched Cindy's head tightly to her cunt smearing her fluids on her face. A minute later she released her and Cindy moved down to Sam and started sucking his cock. Master chose that moment to dish up his food and sit on the opposite side of the table, so he didn't have to watch. I did the same, though not for the same reason. I squeezed Master's hand as we sat down. As we ate, I fed Rhonda, occasionally pausing to pleasure her, tasting her unique flavor with my eggs or toast. Though I did not stroke her constantly, she still managed to cum twice, a needy slave, just like me. 

Sam gave a pleased groan as Cindy collected his prize, his face getting the blank, scrunched up look men do when cumming. Dorinda was next for Cindy. 

"Where's Evelyn and William this morning?" Master asked, now Cindy wasn't sucking Sam's shaft.

"They ate earlier, probably out at the pool," Sam said. "I'd join them, but I'm dead and if I fall asleep out in the sun, I'll cook. In fact, I'm going to bed now. Come on dear," Sam taking Marcia's hand, "I might have enough energy to fuck you once before I collapse." 

They rose from the table as Dorinda climaxed. Dorinda left the table and Cindy moved to our side of the table and Lisa was next. There was no reason for Lisa not to accept Cindy's favors, so she spread her legs and Cindy dived in. It was Lisa's first orgasm this morning and she was eager to cum. It only took three minutes, tops. Cindy moved to Master next.

"Would you like your cock sucked, Master Scott?" she asked from under the table. 

"Please, slave."

Good boy. Might as well take advantage now. I squeezed his hand again.

Cindy started sucking Master's cock, and she was taking her time, more a seduction than a quick blow job. She knew their time was limited as well. Master had been drained earlier so he wasn't needy anyway. Ten minutes in, his breathing got faster and faster. He was rocking forward on his chair slightly each time she bottomed out over his cock. 

"Hey, gang, has anyone heard about Zoe yet?" Dawn said, breezing through the door with Master's parents coming in behind her.

Master exploded, clutching the edge of the table as his body went rigid and I knew Cindy was tasting a huge amount of his cream right now.

"Good morning, Dawn," I said. "Yes, we've heard news. Her baby girl was born around five this morning, just over seven and a half pounds. Brianna is still with her. There was another load of five leaving shortly. You've probably already missed it. You'll have to catch the next group."

Sandy sat down next to Rhonda and I, leaning over to give me a kiss, which is when she saw her daughter's blond locks in Master's lap, taking the last of his load.

"Oh," she said, nothing more. 

She glanced away, then couldn't help but look again as Cindy tidied up after herself, cleaning Master's cock.

"What do you want for breakfast, honey," Dan said. "I'll dish you up something."

Cindy chose that moment to look at me under the table and say, "Domina, do I have permission to give your slave a morning orgasm."

Dan looked down at his daughter's face, cum smeared from all the women and realized she was taking care of everyone seated at breakfast, and who was seated next to me. His face grew red and he was gripping the back of Sandy's chair quite hard. Then he took a couple deep breaths and seemed to calm down. Well, the cat was out of the bag anyway.

"You have my permission, slave. Rhonda's had a couple orgasms already, so could you please tidy up after her?"

"Yes, Domina."

Rhonda spread her legs over mine and Cindy began licking her cunt, going about her business. I played with Rhonda's sensitive nipples, my hands wrapped around her.

Sandy put her hand on Dan's arm, drawing his attention back to her. "I'm starving this morning. You and Dawn wore me out last night. Could you please get me a huge helping of eggs, two of the sausage links, three slices of bacon, and two slices of pumpernickel toast, dear?"

Dan brought himself back to the present and replied. "Of course."

Dawn went to the serving table with him, getting her own food. Before they returned, Rhonda was cumming, squirming on my lap, moaning, the big slut.

"Why don't you join Cindy under the table," I told her as her spasms ended, "in case she needs help."

"Yes, Domina." 

She slipped beneath the table and kissed Cindy, tasting herself.

"Domina," Cindy said, "would you like another orgasm this morning?"

"Yes, please, you dear girl. I would love an orgasm from your tongue."

I slid forward on the chair to give her more room under my belly and leaned back to enjoy my pleasure. Dan set a plate of food down in front of Sandy, another for himself, even more full, then sat down beside her. Dawn sat next to him. I was as big a slut as Rhonda, maybe bigger, as I orgasmed faster. Cindy licking my cunt in front of her parents had my libido meter in the red zone. I gently held her head as she wrung me out.

Cindy moved in front of her mother. "Miss Sandra, may I please provide you with an orgasm this morning?" She said, perhaps with a little emphasis on the 'please'. I think Cindy really wanted this to happen.

I held my breath. What would Sandy do? If she'd forgiven Master and Cindy, then there was no reason not to accept herself. She would be doing no more or less than they'd done. Still it was her daughter and possibly what she'd willingly accept for her son was too much for her. She looked at Dan. He squeezed her hand and nodded his head slightly, almost imperceptibly. She sighed. 

"Please, dear, I'd love an orgasm."

Cindy's blonde head went between her mother's parted legs and Sandy sighed when she felt her tongue slither through her folds. 

Rhonda didn't wait. She went to Dan and asked. "Would you like me to give you an orgasm, or would you like to wait for the new slave?"

If he gave a quick answer, I expected him to say Rhonda. If he didn't, then he was considering Cindy. He took quite a while. Sandy was getting close to an orgasm, she was squeezing her own breasts, nipples taut, and humping her hips towards Cindy's face, moaning, before he answered. 

"You can do it."

"Yes, sir."

Rhonda sank over Dan's shaft. I guessed it had been a close decision before he finally decided he wasn't quite ready for his daughter to suck his cock. Maybe in a more private setting, but not with several other people watching. Sandra was cumming, holding her daughters lips against her cunt as she climaxed, moaning loudly. When Cindy's head was released, she had a fresh glaze of cum on her face. She moved down to Dawn, bypassing her father, already thrusting down Rhonda's throat reaching for his release.

Still, Dawn managed to beat him to an orgasm, squirming on Cindy's tongue just before Dan grunted and sent a load into Ronda's mouth. After she cleaned Dan, Rhonda looked at me.

"Cindy's still working," I said. She had moved on to Jade. "You can too."

"Yes, Domina."

She moved on down to Monique, who parted her legs for my lovely slave. It was nice to have choices, and my slave was quite good at pleasing pussy. After Monique, Riyuki took advantage of her too. She'd been with Cindy all night. A different tongue and set of lips always welcome.

"We'll stop and see Zoe's baby on our way home," I told Master's parents. "Cindy is being pierced this morning and she has to leave at two. I'd like to stay until she leaves."

They said okay. I didn't try to embarrass Sandy by asking how well her daughter licked cunt. It was apparent she'd enjoyed it.

"When is Cindy getting pierced, Monique?" I asked.

"She still needs her spanking for cumming without permission from last night," Monique responded. "As soon as she's done with that and has cleaned up, I'll take her for her piercings."

"I'd like to be present," I said.

"Would you like to give her the pre-piercing orgasm?" Monique asked.

"Yes, please. I would."

"Dan, will you be giving Cindy her spanking today, or shall I get the paddle?" Monique asked.

"I'll take care of it, but we'll need the paddle too."

"Very well. Let's adjourn to the living room as soon as you're finished eating."

Dan and Sandy had a whispered conversation and Sandy quickly agreed to whatever they were talking about. Dan then ordered Dawn to stick around for the punishment. I imagined Dawn would be fucked again this morning. Master's parents didn't rush the rest of their breakfast, nor did they dawdle, eating in workmanlike fashion. 

Finished they both stood up and Monique handed the leash to Dan, who led everyone to the living room, taking a seat in the throne like chair. He tugged on Cindy's leash, pulling her body over his lap, her bare bottom provocatively pointed at the ceiling, her cunt wet with arousal. 

"Hands and feet on the floor. They don't come off. Count the strokes and thank me for each one."

"Yes, Master Dan," Cindy said, shivering.

"Twenty-five, you say?" Dan asked Monique.

"That is Mistress's preferred number."

"Twenty-five it is."

His hand came down, lowering the boom. Cindy's ass quaked with the force of it. She squealed and teared up, but remembered to count and thank him. I think it was nearly as hard as the spanking she received with the paddle yesterday. In hard measured strokes, his hand fiercely paddled her behind until it was dark red. Cindy was sobbing, but Dan had no mercy. As Cindy called out twenty-one, she begged to cum, somehow finding her pleasure even with the pounding she was taking.

Dan gave her permission and thrust two fingers into Cindy's cunt to enhance her pleasure. She orgasmed long and hard, a panting, sobbing, moaning mess of a slave. When her spasms finally passed, he gave her the final four. When he was done, he told Dawn to give her a couple more orgasms as he'd been hard on her. Dawn led her to one of the couches and let Cindy ride her as she pleasured her, figuring her bottom was too sore to sit. Sandy seemed a little surprised that Dawn was servicing Cindy instead of Dan, who's prick was long and hard at the moment. 

"Sandra, I don't recall you asking for permission to cum when your daughter was licking your cunt. Get over here."

Monique and many of the other slaves got smiles on their faces as they realized what was going to happen. I did too. Slaves get punished if they're not obedient.

Sandra draped herself over her Master's lap. She too, was excited, her arousal visible on her folds. 

"You should have known better. You've been a slave much longer than your daughter," Dan said. "So it's forty for you."

"Yes, Master. I'm sorry sir," Sandy said. 

"You know the drill."

"Yes, sir."

Dan started smacking Sandy's ass every bit as hard as he smacked Cindy's. Sandy must have been used to it. She didn't start sobbing until he reached twelve strokes. When he reached fifteen, with every stroke, he started saying something to her, loud so everyone could hear.

"Did you like your daughter licking your cunt, slave?" Smack.

"Sixteen, thank you sir. I did sir."

Cindy and Dawn had paused to watch, listening as Cindy's mom admitted to liking her daughter licking her cunt.

"Is your daughter a good cunt licker, slave?" Smack.

"Seventeen, thank you sir. She's excellent, sir."

"Did you cum hard, slave." Smack.

"Eighteen, thank you, sir. Very hard, Master."

"I guess that makes you as big a slut as every other slave here, doesn't it?" Smack.

"Nineteen, thank you, sir. Yes, sir, I'm a nasty slut, Master."

"Then you're no longer a part time submissive." Smack.

"Twenty, thank you sir. What Master?" Questioning, not realizing what was happening.

"You're getting a collar, full time." Smack.

"Twenty-one, thank you sir." A puzzled look on her face.

"One that can't be removed." Smack. A look of realization dawning on her face, suddenly realizing she was going to be a full time slave, just like us. She moaned.

"Twenty-two, thank you, sir." Was she thanking him for the spanking now, or for being made a slave.

"You're going to be pierced, just like your daughter. Tits and twat." Smack.

"Twenty-three, thank you, sir." Crying harder now.

"My son has a poker game where slaves are required to serve." Smack. 

I was ready to cum. I needed to cum. I called Rhonda to take care of me. She dropped to her knees, her tongue seeking my clit, a hard little spike.

"You'll be a slave at the next one." Smack.

"Twenty-four, thank you, sir." She moaned again. "Master, can I please cum."

"Cum for your Master," Dan said, thrusting two fingers into her sopping wet cunt as he did. 

Sandy had a monster climax. I did too. I was shaking so bad, Rhonda had to put her hands on my hips to steady me as she tasted my liquid honey.

Sandy orgasmed a long time, even longer than Cindy. When Dan pulled his fingers out, they were drenched in her cum and he gave them to her to clean. 

For the rest of her spanking, Dan told her all the things she would be doing as a full time slave, and it was quite the laundry list. Sandy had to ask for permission to cum again before her spanking was over. 

"Until I tell you otherwise, you are the lowest of slut slaves. You will address everyone as Miss or Mister." Smack.

"Thirty-nine, thank you, sir. Yes, Master."

"When you're spanking is over, you will find a cock that needs sucking and suck it, slave, without fail." Smack.

"Forty, thank you, sir." She started reaching for her Master's cock which definitely needed sucking. She could feel it bumping her belly as she'd been spanked.

"Not mine. I have another slave to spank."

She looked around through tear filled eyes, looking for another cock. I did too, wondering if William had come inside. The only other erection around was Master's. She looked at Dan. 

"It definitely needs sucking," he said. "Crawl to it."

We all watched, silent as church mice, as Sandy crawled across the floor to her son and took his cock in her mouth. In one thrust, Master buried it in her throat.

"Julia," Dan said. "You need the remainder of your twenty smacks from yesterday. Monique hand me the paddle."

"Yes, Master," we both said in unison. We were dealing with a Dominant.

"I'm not going to put you over my lap because of the child filling it. I want you to bend over so you're watching your Master, feet spread, and brace yourself. Count and thank me."

I obeyed, and as Dan gave me my final ten strokes, I watched Master's mother suck his cock, trying very hard to extract his cum. I was so excited, the paddling meant nothing. I spoke the words, counting each one and thanking him for them. He finished and said, "Stay there."

"Yes, Master."

"Scott, since you're using my slave, I'm going to use yours."

Master looked at me, bent over the couch, arms braced, Dan behind me. Master nodded and I felt Dan's prick plunge deep in my pussy. I climaxed, shaking, writhing, spasming on his cock. I was still cumming when Master grabbed his mother's head and pulled out of her throat to empty himself in her mouth, pulsing hard. I heard Cindy behind me, moaning as she rode Dawn's tongue. 

"That's a freebie," Dan whispered as I finally settled. "If you ever cum again without permission, you'll be punished."

"Yes, Master. Please give me permission as I'm going to cum again, soon."

"Cum as much as you want, slave."

Not a moment too soon, as I throbbed through another, flowing like waves through my body, scarce able to contain myself.

Master Dan fucked me for twelve minutes and five orgasms before I felt his cock pulsing inside of me, his warm cum filling my cunt. I struggled to my knees when he finished to clean his cock. Master had finally let another man fuck me and it was his father. I wondered what my life would be like in the future. Would this be a one time thing, or would I find myself serving Master Dan again in the future? I cleaned the last of our cum from his cock and released it.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
I looked around. Monique was leading Cindy off for a shower. Master was leading his crawling mother over to us.

"This slave's cunt needs to a good licking, slave," Dan told Sandy. "Clean her off. Remain kneeling here until I return with your new collar."

"Yes, Master," Sandy said softly. She had me sit on the edge of the couch I'd been fucked over and I felt her tongue lapping up the remains of Dan's and my cum. I climaxed again.

Master and Dan watched for a couple minutes to ensure she did a good job, then Dan asked Jade to show him their selection of metal collars. 

They left and Master sat down beside me and called Lisa and Rhonda over where they all watched me cumming on his mother's tongue as he petted and stroked their pussies. I reached for Master's hand, wanting his reassurances we were all right. He squeezed it and I orgasmed again, knowing we were fine.

******

SCOTT

I was surprised when Dad put Mom over his lap and began spanking her. Not that she didn't deserve it. She'd cum without permission if she was serving as a slave. Then he started talking to her during the spanking and I realized she was no longer going to be a part time slave. Dad was going to enslave her permanently. Then he said she was going to serve at our poker game and I imagined Mom with Rob or Edward stretching her to capacity as they fucked her cunt and ass as Jerry filled her mouth. Mom orgasmed twice during her spanking and it was not a light one. I was hard as a post.

When he pointed her in my direction and told her to take care of my throbbing member, there's no word in the English language which could describe my utter shock. It didn't stop me from burying myself in my mother's mouth as soon as she opened it. I'd cum twice already this morning and felt like I hadn't cum at all, I was so hard. Mom still had no problem taking all of my prick. You could tell she had years of practice sucking my father's dick. She was a fantastic cock sucker, as good as Gwen had been. 

Dad was spanking Julia, using the paddle, the end of her spanking from yesterday. I suddenly realized where this was leading. A world in which there might be very few limits. I was proved right when Julia's spanking ended and Dad said he was going to fuck her since I was fucking his slave. A dozen images flashed through my mind, almost like I was dying and I was seeing my life flash by. Dad and I double penetrating Julia, or Mother, or Cindy, buried in whatever hole the law allowed. I nodded, yes, letting him know it was all right, and Julia orgasmed as he penetrated her, as turned on as I was. 

She was still cumming when I felt my seed start to rise. I pulled out far enough I knew Mom would taste my cum and released, sending a flood of sperm to fill her mouth and she swallowed rapidly trying to take it all. With the last of my orgasm, I pushed deep in her throat again, letting her feel the fading pulses of my prick.

Dad fucked Julia for a long time before I saw him empty into her. Julia had orgasmed over and over again, one barely ending before another one started. I headed in her direction, Mom starting to get up. 

"Remain on your knees, slave," I said and she crawled after me.

Dad had her clean Julia's cunt, messy with all the orgasms she'd had. We watched for a couple minutes, then Dad asked to see the collars they stocked for slaves. Jade left with him while I sat down and called Lisa and Rhonda to me. We watched as my mother cleaned Julia, giving her orgasm after orgasm. Julia reached for my hand and I took it, reassuring her.

Father returned roughly fifteen minutes later. He had a plain chrome collar, one which could never be confused as belonging to anyone but a slave. Mother was still lapping Julia's cunt, no one telling her to stop. 

"It looks clean enough to me, slave," Dad said. "Kneel."

Mom rocked back on her heels, her legs spread, exposing her slave cunt. Dad put the collar on her. There was a locking click and Dad put the key on a chain around his neck. 

Monique returned, leading Cindy.

"If you want your slave to be pierced, sir, she needs to shower. You need to make sure her nipples and cunt are thoroughly clean."

"Lisa, would you do me the honor of cleaning this slaves cunt and tits," Dad said. "Make sure she's ready for piercing."

"Yes, Master Dan," she replied, taking Mom's hand and leading her away.

"You remember where to bring her, don't you, Lisa?" Monique asked.

"Yes, Monique. Quite well." 

"Hurry along then. It won't take long for this one to be punctured."

"Of course." They hurried away. 

I followed everyone. I'd never been there before, though all three of my slave's had been. When we got to the room, I saw what looked like a cross between a dentist chair and gynecologist chair with stirrups for the legs, except the entire leg was supported.

Monique strapped Cindy down until she couldn't move, her legs widely spread. Despite her shower and I assume, the toweling dry after, Cindy's cunt was still wet, proving once again what a slave she was. Monique put on examination gloves.

"We're going to start with your nipples, slave," Monique explained. "Mistress desires a vertical piercing, if it's okay with you? It means they have to be pierced individually as we don't have an instrument to do them both at once when it's vertical. Julia's going to give you orgasms during the first few piercings. Do you understand and agree?"

"Whatever Mistress wishes," Cindy responded. 

"You may cum whenever you like," Monique said.

Monique gave Julia some Listerine mouthwash to swish around her mouth, assuming, I guess, to hopefully killing most of the germs in her mouth. They started with the right breast. Julia used a vibrator on her cunt while sucking on her nipple making it hard and puckered. When Cindy was close to cumming, Monique told Julia to stop sucking her nipple, gave it a final swabbing with disinfectant and positioned the piercing instrument, a spring loaded needle over her taut bud. As Cindy orgasmed, still held immobile by the straps, Monique depressed a trigger and the needle punctured all the way through. Monique swabbed it again and inserted a metal post in the hole taken from a disinfectant solution in a shallow tray beside her. She screwed the other end over it. I could see this was something Monique did often. 

"The next one now," Monique said, and Julia used the mouthwash again before sucking on her left nipple. It ended with the same result, another orgasm, another piercing, another post.

"We're going to do the septum of your nose next, slave. I can't use a machine, I need to pierce it by hand. Julia can lick your cunt for this one if you want."

"Please, Julia, lick my cunt," she said. You could tell she was uncomfortable with the piercings so far and eager for more endorphins.

Monique swabbed the inside of Cindy's nose with more disinfectant. Julia gargled again and took a seat between her legs, dipping into Cindy's leaking cunt. Monique took a long curved needle from the tray of disinfectant. As Cindy started to cum, Monique did the nose piercing, then added another hypoallergenic curved metal bar to her nose.

Lisa and Sandra arrived just after the septum piercing was completed. Sandy looked at her daughter, strapped to the chair, her nipples and nose already pierced and realized this would soon be her, a wanton, full time, slave slut.

"I'm sorry for this, slave, but the last piercing, because it's being done on your vagina, you can't be receiving orgasms during the procedure. I'll let Julia give you one more, but then we have to clean and dry the area first. You agreed to have a labia piercing but Mistress would prefer you to have clitoral hood piercing."

"What's the difference?" Cindy asked.

"A clitoral hood piercing will constantly stimulate your clit. You'll be horny all the time. A labial piercing won't."

"You mean I can't have any sex for a month," Cindy complained, "and I'd be craving it incessantly?"

"That's correct," Monique replied.

"I can't. Not now. Maybe when I return, and can have sex again, but not now. I'd die."

"As you wish. We'll pierce your labia then. One more orgasm, Julia."

My wife stimulated my sister's cunt and clit until she spasmed once more, then moved back. Monique washed the area, rinsed it with more antibacterial agents, and used a lintless cloth to dry the area. She grasped the skin in her hand and pulled it out, took another clean curved needle and did a piercing of her labia, inserting a loop when it was done. 

"I'll give you both the washing and care instructions after I've done your mother," Monique said, releasing Cindy. "Have a seat in the chair over there while I do your mother. Everything will be sore, we'll address it shortly."

"Yes, Monique. 

"Do you have the jewelry I selected for her, Monique?" Dan asked.

"Yes, Master Dan, nipple rings and a clitoral hood ring."

"Didn't you just say the hood ring constantly stimulates the clit, keeping you continually aroused?" Mother asked.

"That's correct. Most movements you do will arouse you, from walking to doing housework. Almost everything in which you move your legs. At first, you'll have many orgasms a day. After a few weeks, it will get better as you get used to it. Simpler things will no longer make you climax, but you will be ready for sex at a moments notice and cum often when having it. I have one myself as you probably noticed when licking me yesterday."

"Get in the chair, dear, and let her strap you down," Dan said, "and we can get started."

"Will you be giving your wife her orgasms, Master Dan?" Monique asked.

"No, Master Scott will. Since his mother sucked his cock, he can lick her cunt. I hope he's not forgotten how to do it with all the women around to do it for him."

Words failed me. I suspected my lusting after my sister and her lust for me had thrown open some gates to some very twisted behavior. It shocked hell out of me, Dad telling me to stimulate my Mother for her piercings. I thought of all that had happened to bring us to this point. My mother wanting to watch her husband and son fuck my wife or another of my slaves together. We'd already done it with Dawn. At various and sundry times, I'd had sex with Reneé, Gwen, Rose and Slut, all of whom had also fucked my parents. They'd both had sex with Lisa and oral sex with Rhonda. Now Dad had fucked my wife and I'd face fucked my mother. The list of people we had in common was growing.

Monique was fastening her down, immobilizing her. 

My thought processes extended to the other people in our immediate orbit. Dad and I had just double penetrated Dawn, not a slave of mine, but someone I'd enjoyed a number of times. I'd seen Mom licking Julia's cunt, cleaning my Dad's cum from it. My ex-girlfriend had sex with every one of my slaves, her water breaking while with one of them. While this was another degree of difficulty, it was on the same continuum, not another path entirely. Was Mother any different to me than Cindy?

Julia remained silent, letting me work through it on my own.

"What do you think about any of it?" I asked Julia, my brain feverish.

"I look at your mother the same way as I look at your sister. We know you're not committing an illegal act. I have no problem with it if it's something you wish to do. If your father or mother has no objection, why not? Your mother is now a full time slave. She should be treated like any other slave."

"Master Scott," Monique said, "we're ready to proceed. We'll be starting with her nipples first. Do you remember what you need to do?" Handing me a clean new vibrator.

"Yes."

"Vertical piercings like your daughters, Master Dan?"

"No, horizontal, but do them one at a time."

"Very well. Use the Listerine first, Master Scott. I like to keep everything as clean as possible. Julia can show you the start button on the vibrator."

Julia showed me the button and I started fucking her pussy with the vibrator while sucking on her plump nipples, bringing them to taut hardness. I hadn't sucked her nipples since I breast fed, and it felt odd to be sucking them now. My mother showed signs of an impending orgasm and Monique shooed me off her breast so she could sterilize it. Having replaced the needle on the piercing device she positioned it over Mom's nipple and as soon as she moaned in orgasm, pulled the trigger on the device. Snap, it was done. She swabbed it, put in stainless steel hoop which matched the color of her new collar. 

I gargled again and went to the other side, sucking her other nipple while continuing to fuck her cunt with the vibrator. Her moans increased in volume and frequency. Monique made me move and in less than a minute, she orgasmed and sported another hoop. 

"Lick the slave's cunt, Master Scott. We need to build up the endorphins in her system as much as possible for her hood piercing. The hood piercing stings like hell."

I felt Dad's hand on my shoulder as I licked Mom's pussy until she'd climaxed twice. Her cum tasted good. I gave her the third one before Monique told me to get out of the way. I moved and she cleaned Mom's pussy like she'd cleaned Cindy's. Then she took a padded forceps, used one hand to push the hood back, grasped her clitoris with the forceps and pulled it from the hood. 

"Don't want to pierce the clit accidentally," she said. "Some people have them pierced, but they're so small, Mistress dislikes doing it. Plus it can never retract, which makes it even more sensitive."

While it was out, she used her other hand to perform the piercing, placed another ring in the hole, then released the clitoris. It went back inside the hood.

She put the chair in a more upright position, gave Mom and Cindy water and a couple pills. 

"This is Tylenol," Monique said. "If the pain becomes too much, you can only have Tylenol, no more than recommended on the bottle. Aspirin or Ibuprofen will both increase bleeding. We don't want you to bleed, so don't use it. This cream I'm giving you is both an analgesic and antibiotic. You must put some on your piercings every three hours for the next three days, even at night. You can use these Q-tips to apply it to the nose piercing." She handed Cindy a small package of swabs. "The cream will also help with the pain as well as help prevent infection. Cindy isn't having sex for a month, so no problems for you, but Sandy can't have sex of any kind for the next three days, no matter how aroused she is. If the piercing gives her orgasms, fine, but no fingers, tongues or cocks of any kind. You can shower again after twenty-four hours, pat the pierced areas dry, don't rub. No underwear, or anything else on the piercings. You may put a clean bandage on your nipples to protect them from dresses and blouses if you have to wear them."

"She'll be okay to have sex by Thursday for Scott's poker game?" Dad asked.

"Any time after Wednesday noon. These," and Monique held up light plastic badges, "identify you as slaves and your owner. They are very light and as they're plastic, won't set off the airport scanners, Cindy. Yours say's you are a Slave Slut and has Brianna's name on the reverse side. Sandra, yours says, Slave of Dan Rivers. We want your piercings to heal for one week before you start wearing these." 

She handed Cindy a metal badge similar to the plastic badge, but it had two bells attached. It was perhaps three inches long from where it fastened to her hoop.

"People will hear this chime as you walk, Cindy. You're now a model for Brianna's Baubles. If anyone should ask why you make sounds as you walk, you will show them your piercings and hand them a business card referring them to our jewelry."

"I need to show them my bare cunt, Monique?"

"Yes, man or woman. And keep your cunt shaved. Sell our product. You'll be given catalogs of our offerings so you may show them other designs we carry. A lovely young woman such as yourself can sell a lot of product. When you return to LA, you'll go to various and sundry trade shows. There is a BDSM convention in Las Vegas in February you will be modeling nude at. There is an auction on National Nude Day here in LA in which they raise funds for the homeless. You'll be nude for that. Mistress has replaced most of your clothing. It wasn't slutty enough. Get used to exposing more of your body than you're accustomed too. We didn't have enough of your size to replace all of your clothes, but you'll be provided with a corporate credit card before you leave so you can purchase other items of clothing. You must get approval for the purchase, not for money purposes, but to ensure it meets, Mistress Brianna's approval. 

"You won't be wearing clothes most of the time however. You're to remain nude in your home at all times, even if you have guests over. You may expect random FaceTime calls to ensure you're naked. If you go out, you'll only wear enough to keep from being arrested. You'll inform Mistress or Adele or I, where you're going and the outfit you're wearing before you leave home. Your clothing at your old job will only be enough to meet the company guidelines while you give notice. If they require you wear a brassiere, that is the only place you will do so, but it will be one of the bras Mistress has provided, which are all transparent. The collar you're wearing looks enough like jewelry you're to wear it all day every day. If anyone asks about it, you will identify yourself as a voluntary slave to your Mistress. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Monique."

She handed Sandy light weight metal badges such as Lisa and Rhonda wore, except the chain it depended from was almost six inches long, and would reach halfway to her knees, making them very visible. "Master Dan wants you to start wearing this after your week of healing, Sandy. You are to wear this at all times, day or night. Having them tugging at your hood piercing will increase your arousal. Since you have hoops on your nipples, we'll add this chain to them after three days." She handed Mom a chain which would go between the rings on both her breasts. "This also will be worn all day, every day. Dan has also told us he wants you to be tattooed. You are to pick out a design with him and you'll return in a month for your new tattoo. I welcome you to your new slavery, Sandra. It appears it will be far more demanding than it was in the past. Your Master has a heavy hand. I wouldn't disappoint him too often."

When had Dad arranged all this? I thought he and Mom had spent all their time fucking Dawn. Apparently, he'd had time on his hands. The thought of what Mom and Cindy would be doing was causing my cock to swell again.

"I want you to apply the salve now, so I can watch you do it, then set a three hour alarm on your phones or watches and repeat every three hours. Wash your hands before you touch your new piercings. If you don't, you may have medical issues."

Both Cindy and Mom washed their hands at the sink in the room and applied the cream to all of their piercings, Monique watching closely. 

"You're both lovely slaves. I shall miss you until you return." Monique kissed each of them. "I'm leaving to visit Zoe shortly. Adele or Mistress will take you to the airport, leaving here at two, Cindy. Since you don't have many clothes, you'll only have one piece of luggage, plus a carry on. Don't plan on bringing many of your current clothes home. Donate them to Goodwill unless you think they'll meet Mistress's expectations for sluttiness."

"Perhaps we'll see you at the hospital, Monique," Julia said. "We plan to stop on our way out of town. We'll probably leave when Cindy heads to the airport."

She smiled and kissed each of us.

"Dad, since your slave is off limits for the next three days, I imagine Dawn would like another good fucking before we leave," I said. For that matter, so did I.

******
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
JULIA

We all went to the pool, including Cindy. Both newly pierced slaves were conscious of the plastic badges dangling between their legs. Lisa and Rhonda had gotten used to theirs and you never noticed a change in their gate, though they must feel them. Cindy and Sandy were walking slightly oddly, almost spraddle legged.

Brianna was out by the pool, as were Evelyn and Bill. They were chatting as we approached.

"Let me look at you, darling," Brianna said to Cindy. "My God, you're gorgeous. Your new jewelry really enhances your beauty. Monique said she explained the rules to you. Do you have any questions?"

"No, Mistress. Well maybe one. Monique said if anyone asks about my chiming bells, I'm to show them my piercings. Is that true, even my bare cunt?"

"Yes, dear. Slaves have no right to privacy or modesty anymore. You're mine now and I sell jewelry. The jewelry sells best when it's properly modeled, and you show it off exquisitely. It's very likely our orders from North Carolina will skyrocket while you're there. I'm sure showing it off will keep you aroused most of the time, so that's an added benefit to me. When you return, I want you begging to be fucked." She pointed to Bill and Evelyn. "I'm told William sometimes uses his slave to pull fast ones over on his competitors. Evelyn is required to wear a mask so she can't easily be identified, but she serves him naked during business meetings which so flusters them, he can take advantage of them. They often make multi-million dollar mistakes. She can tell you what it's like to be a naked slave in semi-public settings. I'd hoped to be here when you were pierced, but Zoe's unexpected delivery interfered. Who gave you your orgasms for the piercing?"

"Julia, Mistress."

"Good choice. Julia's become quite the cunt licker since she has two other women to practice on. When she came for her tattoo, she was used day and night. I have fond memories of her nestled between my thighs." 

She turned to Sandy. "I'd hoped to spend more time with you this morning, fucking you in return for your use of Dawn, but, things don't always work out as planned. Dawn has asked me if she might come to Fresno for one of Scott's poker games. One which I understand you're going to be sold at. I should like to see that. I understand all three of your holes can be sold at once. Perhaps I'll visit some time with a couple slaves to add to the pot, so I can play a little poker, see which slave tickles my fancy. If I allow Dawn to go for two, I shall expect further use of at least two slaves for one day, or one for two. I understand you're coming to be tattooed in a month. Perhaps Dan will consent to make it a weekend and you can serve everyone here."

"Yes, Mistress," Sandy said. She was a full time slave now, one of us, and all Dominants needed to be addressed as such. 

"I'd like to have you lick my cunt now, and I'll smear my cum all over your face."

"Yes, Mistress."

She knelt down and began servicing Brianna. Dan's cock began getting hard, watching his wife. Brianna called Dawn and told her to bend over so Dan could fuck her.

"You have a fine slave, Dan. It's too bad she was just pierced. I'm sure this slave slut would love your cock in her now. She looks prime for her age. I'm sure you'll keep her in line. What decided you to turn her into your full time slave?"

"The wonderful time Scott was having with his. Since she often served as one anyway, it required very little to make me think she'd be splendid doing it all the time."

"Who provided your orgasms, slave?" Brianna asked Sandy.

"Master Scott, Mistress," Sandy said quietly, pausing in her duties long enough to answer.

"Really? With your permission, Dan?"

"Yes. Since it isn't a crime and Cindy seemed to be open game, I thought all slaves should be open game as far as the law permits."

"And how did you feel?" 

"It's my son. I can handle it. I imagine I'll have some conflicting emotions when she's sold at the poker game. I don't know them as well."

Brianna laughed. "You got your hood pierced, slave. Do you need to cum?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"Too bad you can't have sex for three days. I'm sure you'll jump your Master when you're able to fuck."

"I hope so, Mistress."

"Well, I've been up most of the night, so I'm going to bed now. Scott, would you mind loaning me one of your slaves to lick me to sleep? A lot of mine are visiting Zoe."

"Which one?" Master asked.

"Well, Rhonda's probably still the best, but thinking of Julia licking my new slave's cunt got me all hot and bothered. I'll take her if you don't mind."

"How long do you want her?"

"No more than an hour. I should be ready to snooze by then. She should be back before lunch is over."

"Fine," Master said, "take her."

"Thanks, I'll owe you one. Come along dear." 

Brianna took my hand and led her to her bed. Despite my best efforts, she was asleep in forty minutes, even as I licked her. She continued to lightly moan, even in her sleep, so I kept it up for the full hour before searching for my Master. 

They were in the dining room. Master noticed my cum covered face and being my Dominant, wanted to replace it with some of his own. He had me sit down instead of kneel, then he stood and I sucked his cock. There, in the dining room, not on the floor, but in front of everyone present. I swallowed a load of his cum with William and Evelyn; Cindy, Dan and Sandy; Shasta, and several of Brianna's slaves all watching me. I was proud to do it. He was my Master, my everything. When I was done, his cock gleaming with my saliva and limp again, he kissed me and had Rhonda get me something to eat, but nothing as good as his creamy cum was to me. I don't care if Chantelle did make it. Perhaps I'd never felt so much a slave as I did at that moment, existing only for my Master's pleasure. 

I looked at his mother and sister, sporting the signs of their new slavery, their bodies pierced and lovely. My sister slave, pierced and beautiful in her slavery. My ebony goddess slave, her gold piercings so spectacular against her dark skin, keen to satisfy me whenever I wanted. I eagerly awaited when Master did the same to me. I would get a clitoral hood piercing so I would always be his horniest slut, willing and eager to fuck at any time he wished, even now, owning my body fully and completely. 

"Are you happy, slave?" Master asked.

"More happy than anyone has a right to be, Master. So happy it seems my heart will burst with it."

He kissed me again, his tongue seeking mine, perhaps tasting himself there. How I wanted to kneel to him at that moment, proclaiming myself his, carrying his child, my child, our son, a piece of him.

"I love you," he said, breaking his kiss.

"I am yours, Master."

Sandy's and Cindy's alarms went off before lunch ended and they both had to put cream on their punctures. Sandy climaxed as she put the salve on her hood piercing. Needy slave girl.

******

The time came for Cindy to leave for the airport. Adele would take her, Brianna still asleep. All of the people awake came to say goodbye. She was their sister slave now, one of them. I was pleased to see Lucia and Shasta both hugging her goodbye. Perhaps she would be forgiven at some point for loving her brother. Cindy hugged each of us as well, whispered words exchanged with each of us. 

To me she said, "I'm so glad I came to visit and you were willing to share your husband with me. It's filled a hole in my heart that's been there for a long time."

"You're welcome, sister. We love you. It's good to have you back in our lives." We kissed. "I don't envy you the next month. It's going to be hard."

"I'll survive."

"Of course you will."

After she left, we got ready to leave. Everyone turned out to see us off as well. Evelyn and William both hugged me goodbye. 

"When are you due, Julia?" Bill asked after I bumped bellies with him.

"In three weeks, Master Bill."

"Expect a surprise around that time."

"It's not necessary, sir. I'm just glad we made your acquaintance."

Lucia hugged us all goodbye as well. She and Shasta had become good friends over a shared horrible experience. Not in the lesbian sense, but one of friends for life. When I kissed her, I told her we'd decided to name our son Lucas, after her.

She cried, so maybe she could get over it with us eventually. Dawn was there, giving very warm hugs to Master and Dan.

"I asked Mistress if I could come for one of the poker games," she said.

"Brianna told us," Master said. "You're always welcome."

"You know, this weekend was the first time I was ever fucked by a father/son combo. I really enjoyed it. Perhaps we can do it again."

Master looked at his father. "You never know. Stranger things have happened."

Dawn laughed. "I know. Life's a gas isn't it."

We put on a few clothes, sufficient for the drive and a hospital visit, then headed north to say goodbye to Zoe and see her new girl. Shasta was in our car at the moment. Lisa riding with Master's parents. While generally taciturn as a whole, Shasta seemed quieter than usual, and I suppose she was still dealing with all she'd learned this weekend.

"Do you still want to meet with the prospective male slave with me tomorrow, Shasta?" Master said.

Shasta looked up, startled, lost in her own thoughts. She didn't answer for awhile, but she didn't say no either.

"I'll change the meeting to our house instead of my work if you're still interested," Master said.

"Okay. I'm still interested," Shasta said. 

"I'll change the appointment to four PM," he said. "Do you want to be clothed or nude when you meet him?"

"Does it make any difference?"

"I imagine he might be as interested in seeing what you look like as you might be interested in seeing what he's like. But you'll be the Mistress if it works out and you can dress or not. He will always have to dress as you wish him to."

"If it don't, he doesn't need to see my naked body until it's decided. I'll dress."

"It's your decision."

We got to the hospital and went up to see Zoe. There wasn't enough room for all of the people there to see here. Her sister slaves went to the waiting room to open up space. Shasta, Lisa and Rhonda also waited until Master, his parents and I saw her. She was breast feeding Jenna. I could almost feel the tug on my own nipples as the tiny mouth sucked on her. 

"Zoe, she's beautiful," I exclaimed. "She even has quite of bit of hair, not as bald as other children I've seen."

"Thank you. She's been an angel so far. I feel very lucky."

"I had the weirdest thought when I saw you feeding her," I said. "We're both going to be breast feeding at the same time. We could feed each others babies."

Zoe laughed. "As long as you don't try to keep this one, that might be fun."

"They'll be close to the same age. Perhaps someday they grow up and fall in love and we'll be related by marriage," I said.

"Which will make their parents fucking all the kinkier, won't it," Zoe laughed again. "But it does have a certain symmetry to it, doesn't it. They could complete what Master Scott and I never could."

"You missed something big this morning," I said.

"What? Don't tell me it's stranger than what I've already seen?"

"Not stranger. Just big. Dan made Sandra his permanent slave. No more playing around on the weekends. She's his full time slut slave now. She was pierced and everything."

"That explains her new collar. Welcome to the sisterhood, Sandy. You've graduated to the big time. Took you long enough. Can I see your other piercings?"

"Show her, slave," Dan ordered. 

Sandra was wearing a dress. She had to pull it off to the point of nudity to show Zoe. She shivered. She hadn't lost all modesty yet. Zoe closely inspected them before she was allowed to dress again. 

We spent about fifteen more minutes chatting with her before we decided to give way for the others. 

Before we left, Zoe said, "If I decided to have another child, would you mind if Scott was the father?"

"Never," I said, kissing her. "His cock is your cock. After all, you fucked him before I did and you rejected him, which gave me a chance to swoop in and snatch him."

"Thank you."

"Don't mention it. Master Dan and Sandy, I told you not to worry about grandchildren. You'd have as many as you'd care to have. Master's seed will get planted in lot's of different places. So far, two and counting."

We left and Lisa, Shasta and Rhonda entered next. Before I was out of earshot, Zoe was apologizing to Rhonda about her water breaking at such an inopportune time. Rhonda was laughing. 

I asked Dan and Sandy if Shasta could ride home with them so we had a chance to talk together. Some things needed to be discussed and a long drive was the perfect place to do so.

As soon as our seatbelts were buckled and we were out of the parking lot, I got the ball rolling.

"Master, you let your father fuck me."

"Yes." Noncommittal.

"He's the first man you've let fuck me since my slavery became permanent, sir."

"I'm well aware."

"Might I ask what prompted you to agree to such a fucking, Master."

"Uncertain. I had my cock buried in the throat of his wife, my mother. It seemed bad form not to let him fuck you in return."

"How did you feel while he fucked me, sir? Was it as bad as when other men fucked me?"

"Better in some ways, worse in others, both connected to him being my father."

"How so, sir?" Lisa asked.

"He's my father. I've loved and respected him longer than anyone else in my life. I love him more than any other male with the possible exception of the son I'm about to have. To share wonderful things with him has been a big part of my life. You're the most wonderful thing in my life. Somehow, that made it better."

"What made it worse, sir?" Rhonda asked.

"He's my father. It made it weird. Like unseen chains had been broken. It was like mother sucking me off. She gave birth to me and now she's swallowing my sperm. We're taught all our lives, relationships like that are forbidden. Even though we know no laws were violated, it's still definitely fucking with my head."

"Is it better or worse than what you did with Cindy, Master?" I asked.

"Worse somehow. Perhaps it's partly an age factor. Perhaps it's because I never had sexual feelings for my mother before, and have lusted after Cindy for years."

"Was Sandy a good cock sucker, Master?" Lisa asked.

"As good as Gwen. Apparently many more years of practice combined with a part time Master who ensured she was doing it right in the first place. Then the fact she was my mother. I was afraid I'd drown her in my cum. She could give all of you lessons."

"The most important question in my mind, sir" I said, "is will it happen again in the future?"

"I don't know. A door has been opened. They don't always get locked up again afterward. I certainly didn't discuss it with Dad or Mom. Dad intends for Mom to serve at the poker game. Unless I pull out of the game or make myself unavailable; it's possible she'll be sucking my cock again next Thursday."

"How does it make you feel to think your mom could be fucking lot's of other cocks on Thursday and why do you think your dad wants to open up their marriage to that extent, sir?" I asked.

"Well, I saw Mom get fucked by Ron on Memorial Day. Since I'd never seen Mom and Dad have sex before, it was the first man I'd ever seen fuck her. I also saw Dad fuck several of the slaves. Little decisions at one point, often lead to bigger decisions at another. They'd both seen their spouse fuck other people and it didn't damage their marriage. They started playing around more with Dominance and submission more than they had in years. They saw us happy in our relationship despite us fucking with other people. Perhaps that was the crack in the door they needed to step through. They felt their marriage was on solid enough ground they could explore. From what happened today, I felt Dad had been thinking about making Mom his permanent slave for a fairly long time. It's like he had a plan. 

"Then comes the extra fucking around we did while Cindy is here. Punishing slaves, fucking in front of each other. They still didn't know we were having blatant sex with Cindy, but it was on the edge. She masturbated in front of them and needed to cum when Dad was paddling her. I think it kind of built to a certain moment and broke when they realized no laws were going to be broken. They still had to wrap their heads around it, so it took another day for dam to burst, eventually, it did, and here we are."

"Do you think you can let your Dad fuck me?" Lisa asked.

"That's just the thing, Lisa. You've already fucked him. Granted, it was before your slavery was permanent, but how is it that much different if he fucks you again? Is it worse than letting him fuck my wife?"

We were all quiet, thinking about the various possibilities now laid out before us. Many of them were drenched in strangeness. It could have been a one time thing, never to be repeated again, all the way to becoming a regular occurrence.

"What did you think of your mother's suggestion she'd like to watch your father and you fucking one of us like you did Dawn, sir? Not to mention the opposite is now also true. You and your father could fuck your mother together. As long as you stay out of her cunt, it's legal."

"Christ! I know. I've thought of it half dozen times since you said she wanted to see it. It's so fucking perverse, but I can't help but get an erection thinking of it."

"If your Dad sells all of your mother's holes, you could buy one and fuck her with someone else, sir."

"Can we not discuss it now? I'm driving and it's distracting."

"I could take care of that lump in your pants, Master, if it would help."

"I give up. Please, suck my cock. I feel like I'm going to burst."

"Pay attention to the road, Master. Slaves aren't the only ones who should learn to concentrate on what they're doing while being pleasured."

I loosened my seat belt and leaned over and released his cock. I took his rampant prick down my throat and sucked. It only took about five minutes for him to release, pumping my mouth full of his cream for the second time today. I didn't lose a drop. I'd even managed a small orgasm when we passed a big rig and the driver saw what I was doing and blew his horn. The thought of sucking Master for a stranger to see exciting to me.

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 49|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-49|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<i>This chapter contains oral, anal, interracial, lesbian and taboo sex. It covers an extensive period of time of several months. Like all the other chapters, no STD's exist in this fantasy world.</i>

<b>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 49 - Time is Flying</b>

SCOTT

On Monday, I had tons of work to do. I called the male submissive and changed the time and place of his appointment first thing. Then I called Thornhill's business manager and he said they'd found a lot in Fresno for Shasta's house. He said the purchase was being fast tracked and they expected construction could start on it in two weeks. The blueprints for the approved house was being Fedexed overnight so I could get the permits pulled. He also sent preliminary details of the architectural details of the house Thornhill was interested in building and asked for rough plans within a month. I gave him Chen's business information and asked him to get him licensed in Los Angeles County. This was going to be a huge project and I would have to put a lot of overtime into it. With Julia delivering later this month, it was good I had two other people to help with the baby care because I felt I'd be useless. 

I called the numbers Sam provided for the contractors in LA and made preliminary inquiries on whether or not they'd like to work on William Thornhill's massive housing project. After finding out how I knew about them, all three expressed an interest in the huge undertaking. His name could open a lot of doors. I told them I'd send them plans when they were completed and get estimates for the work I'd be willing to subcontract. I told them I was looking for quality value, not necessarily just expensive names and they provided names and phone numbers of people they worked with in LA in the various construction fields. After checking some of their websites, I sent out emails with just enough information to find out their interest in a future large project for a very wealthy individual.

I'd told the original three, "I don't want to gouge him just because he has money. Who knows what other business this could lead to, but only if he doesn't feel like he got ripped off. The rich all know each other and if he's satisfied with our work, word can spread. He could have gone to much larger outfits in LA, but he chose me and I'm looking to choose similar people to myself. He's going to damn well expect quality work, but I'm willing to take a little less on my end because it could increase my business opportunities."

"How do you know William Thornhill?" One of them asked.

"I never met the man before he offered me the job. He heard about me from a friend and had my work checked out. I'm building something for him here in Fresno and the house in LA. I don't want to disappoint him."

"Are you licensed yet in LA?" Another asked. 

"No, but I will be. His business manager is getting me licensed while Thornhill looks for the right property."

I was glad I now had a partner in Jerry who could take care of current business while I was working on the future business. At lunch, I called Shasta to make sure she wasn't getting cold feet and told here I'd be there a half hour ahead of time to discuss what kinds of things should be covered in the interview. 

"Aren't you doing the interview?"

"You're the one who's going to accept his submission. It should be your interview."

"I've never interviewed anyone before."

"You're about to learn. You've been interviewed yourself, for jobs. This will be similar, but far more personal. He's not going to work with you, he's going to be sleeping in your bed. You'll want to ask him personal questions. You'll want to know if he's got a criminal record, why he wants to be a submissive. You'll want to know if he's prejudiced towards blacks and if he's willing to submit to you. You should probably inspect him naked, maybe have him masturbate to see how his equipment works. Ask him what sexual services he's willing to perform for you."

"Shit! You're joking."

"No. Listen, you need to find out all the things you'd normally want to find out about a husband, but he won't be your husband, he'll be your sex slave. And you want to find out as much as possible as fast as you can. You don't need to make a permanent decision now, but you should know if you're willing to have him start training. I understand he's not undergone training yet and won't be fully cognizant of everything he might be doing for you. And you'll want to consider training for yourself. You need to understand what your role will be. 

"If you want some ideas of what you should be asking, ask the other women. The slaves can give you perspective on slave mindset and Julia will understand the other side. But don't be afraid to ask the non-slaves as well. They might have some ideas of the things they'd want to know about a bed partner. There's nothing wrong with putting a list of questions on a paper. When you ask the questions, I'll write down his answers, but you should be paying attention to him, reading his body language. If he doesn't leave you with a good feeling, you won't want him. 

"Remember one last thing. He wants to be a submissive. He thinks it's part of his nature at this point to submit to a woman. He may not know all the nuances of it until he's trained, but he wants someone to take charge. He wants to be ordered around. Don't ask him if he's willing to strip to be inspected. Tell him to strip. Tell him what you want. Order him to do what you want. If he truly is submissive, he'll do what you command."

"I feel my head is going to explode," Shasta said.

"Take a couple deep breaths, talk to the others, develop a list of questions. I'll look it over when I get there and if there's anything else I think you should be asking, I'll tell you."

"Okay. Don't feel I should be doing this when I'm supposed to be working."

"It's a big step. Take a little time for it. If you want to make up for it later, you can discuss it with Lisa and Julia."

"I'll see you then."

"Three-thirty."

******

I got home at the arranged time and went to the basement. Everyone was working hard except for Shasta, who was pacing around the floor, and Julia who was talking to her, giving her some last minute tips. I asked Shasta for her list of questions and read it over. It was fairly comprehensive. She'd apparently gotten a lot of advice. One of the questions was if he snored. Lisa reminded her to put on a skirt and blouse and Julia said she'd laid something out on her bed for her. I wondered about it since Shasta had her own clothes she wore to and from work.

"Shasta wears jeans and underwear. When she tells her prospective slave to lick her cunt, she doesn't want to have to remove her clothes. She can just pull up a skirt and let him dine."

Made perfect sense to me.

"And don't forget the whip," Julia said. "It's next to the clothes. You should hold it during the interview, slap your hands with it a few times, remind him you've got it. Tell him if he gets an erection before you order him to get one, you may smack his cock with it. Don't until you know you're going to accept him, but throw a scare into him."

"Damn, I'm nervous," Shasta said.

"Fake it until you make it," Julia said. "For all intents and purposes, he's Cedric. He's your responsibility and must do what you want. If you start to feel panicked, take a couple deep breaths. At five o'clock you can introduce him to his potential co-workers. Lay down the law."

Shasta nodded. "What's this guys name, Scott."

"Sean, like the actor, Sean Connery."

At a quarter to four she went upstairs, took a fast shower and dressed. She came out of the bedroom holding the whip right at four. She continued to pace back and forth next to the easy chair I told her to use for the interview. 

It was five after four before the doorbell rang. I handed the list of questions back and went to answer the door. She took a couple deep breaths and stopped pacing. 

I opened the door to a young man with dark hair and beard about mid to late twenties, maybe five years older than Shasta. "Mr. Rivers?" He asked. 

"That's right. Come in."

Shasta yelled at him. "What the fuck is wrong with you, showing up five minutes late for interview with your prospective owner? What kind of slave you be if you don't show up on time?"

"I'm sorry," he stammered, "bad traffic and I didn't know exactly where I was going."

"Did you hear me ask for your mealy mouthed excuses? What kind of slave you be?"

"A bad one. I apologize. It won't happen again."

"Get your ass over here so I can take a look at you." Shasta snapped the whip across her other hand and Sean flinched.

He moved and I followed him. This was good. Shasta was taking charge right away. 

He stood in the middle of the room and Shasta walked around him, like she was inspecting him, though she wasn't looking that closely, but appeared to be gathering her thoughts, or maybe it was her courage, because she told him strip next.

"What?"

"You heard me. You going to be a sex slave I gotta know what I'm having sex with. Take them off and I don't expect to have to tell you twice again. You hear an order, you obey."

Sean started removing his clothes, looking at me like he wanted an explanation.

"Don't look at him. If I want you, I'll be your Mistress, not him. There's been a change of plans. Mr. Rivers no longer wants a slave to fuck his other slaves. I'm thinking I like obedient lad to take care of my needs. This be between you and me now. Keep your eyes on me unless you want to walk out of here right now."

"Yes, ma'am."

"I'm no ma'am. I'm Mistress Shasta and I expect to be addressed as such."

"Yes, Mistress Shasta. Are you Mr. Rivers wife?"

"Fuck no. I'm not married. Take off the underwear too, see what junk in your trunk."

He pulled down his underwear. He wasn't erect, but he was getting there. Apparently, he was responding to being ordered around even if it wasn't the interview he was expecting. 

"If you get a hard-on before I tell you to get one, I'll smack your cock with this fucking whip." She slapped her other palm again.

His cock twitched and actually got harder.

"Damn boy. You don't listen to a fucking word I say do you?"

Shasta grabbed his balls and gently squeezed, until a grimace of pain crossed his face. "Down boy. I'm not releasing these until you learn to behave and obey me."

His cock slowly started to shrink and Shasta released them. "Scott tells me you're untrained, which is going to be fixed before I take you. I don't want no untrained slaves. Get on your knees."

Sean dropped to his knees and Shasta took a seat in the chair. She started asking questions from her list. She asked him if he had any arrests, and a lot of questions you might ask a prospective employee. She began asking more personal questions, then started to get into the details. She established he was willing to work in the bed construction business but didn't know about working wood except for a shop class he took in high school.

"Why do you want a Mistress?"

"It's something I've thought about for a long time, Mistress. I had a bossy girlfriend once, kind of a diva type. Despite her being a shit who only cared about herself, I always responded when she told me what to do. I ditched her for being a bitch, but missed her telling me what to do. More recent girlfriends haven't wanted to order me around and there seems to be something important missing in my life. I decided to look into the Dom/sub lifestyle and I feel this is what I want."

"Do you have a girlfriend now?"

"No, Mistress."

"What does your family think about you wanting to be a sissy boy?"

"I haven't discussed it with them yet, Mistress?"

"You have any trouble submitting to a black woman?"

"I don't think so, Mistress. I've never had sex with a black woman before. Don't really know what it's like."

"I'm going to have my scars surgically repaired soon, but you have any problem fucking someone with scars like me?"

"If I might say, Mistress. I think the scars, at least those I see, give you character. I see no reason they would interfere with sex."

Shasta smiled. An answer she appreciated.

"You know about hard and soft limits?"

"Some, Mistress. Hard limits aren't to be violated at all, soft limits can be explored carefully as I understand it."

"We don't have time to explore all your limits today, but you worthless as a sex slave to me if you don't lick cunt. I want you to lick my cunt right now."

"Right now, Mistress? In front of Mr. Rivers?"

"He fuck his slaves all the time all the time in front of me. Slaves not allowed modesty anymore. Do what they're told when they're told, other folks around or not." She pulled her skirt up exposing her pussy. "I won't repeat myself. Crawl over here and obey."

Sean crawled the four feet separating them and put his hands on her legs.

"No touching except for your lips and tongue. Put your hands on the floor."

Sean snapped to obey, putting his hands on the floor and leaning forward to lick Shasta's cunt. She slid forward on the seat to give him a little easier access to her kinky haired cunt. Apparently she enjoyed ordering him around almost as much as he'd enjoyed being ordered around. Her cunt appeared to me to be moist, though I was at a poor angle. It seemed to glisten slightly. He began and apparently, he was doing something right. She leaned back and closed her eyes, moaning softly. It took five minutes or so and Shasta climaxed, holding Sean's face against her fragrant folds. She practically screamed her pleasure.

When she released him, his face was smeared with her cum. He made as if to wipe his face, but she ordered him to stop.

"Leave that cum on your face. You don't wash it off until you get home tonight."

"Yes, Mistress."

"Stand up again. You might have to fuck or lick women other than me. You have any problem doing more than one woman?"

"No, Mistress." Sean stood and his cock was hard. Shasta looked pointedly at it.

"I'm sorry, Mistress, but you smelled and tasted so good, I couldn't help it."

"It's okay. Time to get hard now anyway. I want you to jack off for me."

She didn't have to tell him twice. He started stroking himself immediately, rather quickly. 

"Slow down. You don't have permission to cum yet. You don't cum until I say so."

"Yes, Mistress."

Rhonda chose then to come down from her bedroom, stretching and rubbing her eyes, naked of course.

"Is this the new fuck toy Shasta is interested in? He has a nice cock, Master." 

She came down and circled Sean. Being naked wasn't helping Sean any. He groaned.

"Quit touching yourself if you think you're going to cum," Shasta ordered. "You still don't have permission."

His hand came off his prick and it bobbed like a flagpole in a stiff wind. With each beat of his heart it twitched. Rhonda laughed.

"Has anyone sucked your cock since you got home, Master?"

"No," I replied, "not yet. Why don't you start on supper. I'll wait."

Rhonda went into the kitchen and started working on supper. 

"I'm testing your control. I want your dick hard, but you can't cum. If your prick starts to flag, give it a couple more tugs, keep it stiff. We going to meet some of your potential co-workers now. Follow me."

She led Sean down to the basement where all the women were working naked. I came after him. They didn't usually see men with erections parading around their workspace, usually leaving before I got home, but they apparently expected to see him. No one bothered to cover themselves. 

"This is Julia and Lisa, our employer, and both submissives to Master Scott. This is Reneé and Janet, and they both sex slaves to two other Masters. The other three are not submissive or Dominant. Alice is Janet's sister. Charlotte and Melanie are the other two."

Sean wasn't having any difficulty maintaining his erection. Seven lovely naked women assured that. 

"Are you familiar with a cock cage?" Shasta asked.

"Yes, Mistress."

"While you're working here, you'll be in one and I'm the only one who will have the key. Your dick gets hard, it's going to hurt. I'm showing you now what you facing if you work here. I understand your training will help you overcome your need to get an erection when faced with naked women, and if you don't learn, your prick be in a lot of pain. Remember that."

"Yes, Mistress."

"One last thing I'm going to tell you, and you better damn well listen up, 'cause I only tell you this once. I was assaulted as a teenager, so the one thing I hate worse than anything is a man who touch a woman against her will." She grabbed his erection. "If you become my slave and you touch any woman without my permission, you'll be punished so hard you won't be able to sit for a week. If you touch any woman without her consent, I'll cut your dick off and bury you in the desert so deep, the worms won't be able to find you. Do you understand me?"

Sean gulped. "Yes, Mistress." 

"I'm glad we understand each other." She released his cock.

"Oh, he's cute, Shasta," Reneé said. "I hope Master lets me fuck him sometime."

"Okay, sissy boy. You been holding back long enough; I want to see you to cum. Start jacking."

The women moved out of the line of fire and Sean started beating his meat. With several naked women staring at him, it didn't take long. The first pulse sent a stream of cum three feet across the floor. The second one went five. That was the longest. He still had about seven shots in him before the rest began dribbling out the tip of his dick.

Shasta put out her finger and wiped a couple drops off the crown and tasted it. 

"I can work with this. It's not bad. Anyone else want a taste?"

Everyone but Melanie had a taste of his semen, Shasta having to squeeze the last couple drops out.

"You left a mess on Julia's floor. I want you to lick it up. Slaves don't get to leave messes for other people to clean up."

Damned if Sean didn't get on the floor and lick up his cum splatter. Since it was a concrete floor with lots of sawdust on it, I was impressed. He finished and stood up again, his cock already starting to get hard again.

"If you're agreeable, slave, I believe we have the beginnings of a Mistress/slave relationship. You can begin your training after you give notice at your current job. I understand Mistress Dark will be training you?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"Lisa will take you upstairs to put your clothes back on and let you out. You may call Mr. Rivers if you agree to become my slave. However, I want an answer within a week."

"Yes, Mistress. If I may answer now, I'm ready. I'll be your slave."

"Put together a list of things you consider will be hard limits. When we've drawn up a slave agreement we find mutually beneficial, you can start."

"Yes, Mistress."

Lisa led him upstairs, and all the other women got ready to go as well.

"Cut off his dick and bury him in the desert so deep the worms can't find him? Pretty drastic threat," I said.

"It wasn't a threat, Scott," Shasta said. "It was a promise. He's going to work around naked women, he's going to keep his damn hands to himself."

All of a sudden, Shasta started shaking. "Holy shit. I can't believe I did that. I was so nervous."

"If you were, I couldn't tell," I said. "Tough and no nonsense right from the beginning, setting firm guidelines. I was impressed. I almost stripped when you told him to."

Shasta laughed. "You were right, Julia. I felt this huge rush of power over him. I didn't think I'd be able to touch him or let him touch me, but I felt so in control, I could."

"Have you ever had your cunt licked before?" Julia asked.

"Never! Does it always feel so good? Before my rape, boys had only touched me, you know, second or third base. My rapists certainly didn't bother licking all the cum leaking out of me. Never wanted to have sex since."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"Being licked always feels great, but some are better at it than others. Rhonda is definitely better than Lisa and I because she's had more practice, but Brianna's Monique is the best cunt licker I've ever had. I don't know what kind of experience Sean has had previously, but I assure you, Mistress Dark will make him twice as good. She trains good cunt lickers."

"Why do you ever want to fuck?"

Lisa was coming down the stairs after letting Sean out. "Because you want to feel filled up by a nice thick cock. His looked very nice. Did you see how far he shot his cum. That boy was eager. And he was getting another erection after licking his cum off the floor."

"We'll help you put together a slave agreement after he gives you his list of hard limits," I said. 

"I can't believe I might be having sex again soon."

"Are you on birth control?" Lisa asked.

"You might think it wasn't necessary since I wasn't having sex, but I've been on it since I was raped; worried about getting raped again and having another child. I love Cedric to death, but I don't need more children. Though it might still be some time before I let him put his dick in me."

Julia hugged her. "I'm so happy for you."

Since neither Shasta or I were naked at the moment, I hugged her as well.

"More good news," I said. "Thornhill's business manager said they found a property for your house. He thinks we can start construction in two weeks. I'll put a priority on it."

Shasta hugged me again.

"Can I speak to you both for a few minutes in private," Shasta said.

"In our bedroom?" Julia asked.

"That's fine."

"Okay." 

We went upstairs into our bedroom and locked the door. 

"What do you need?" I asked.

"I was pretty upset after I learned about you and your sister," she said.

"I know. I understand how it could be upsetting to a lot of people."

"I wanted to apologize to you both."

"That's not necessary," I said. "I'm just glad we didn't lose your friendship."

"Julia talked to me about it when you went to pick up Rhonda. She said a lot of things that made sense. The first was knowing how Cindy must have felt knowing she could never have you despite loving you. She made me realize what it would be like, unable to be with Cedric anymore knowing she can't help who she love anymore than I love him. And who exactly does it hurt. It's not hurting Julia. She doesn't care. Cindy's not going to have children with you, so apparently California doesn't give a shit. Maybe only person who cared is me and Lucia, and it was a religious thing for us both. 

"I didn't even know about not masturbating because the Bible said it was wrong. I asked Momma about it last night 'cause she knows it better than I do and she pointed out the Scripture passage. Then I thought about a lot of things in the Bible I choose to ignore, which have changed over time. How slavery was okay back then and white men used the Bible to enslave blacks and I know it is wrong. How people had lots of wives and concubines and now you only marry one person. A lot of rules I didn't even know about that just sound silly now. I told Momma I might be getting a man sex slave to have sex with. She reminded me as unmarried woman, I shouldn't have sex if I'm going to follow the Bible strict."

"What does she think about you acquiring your own sex slave?" I asked.

"She's open to idea if it gives me a chance to have a normal sex life. Felt sorry I couldn't have sex with anyone. I said he won't move in with us until new house built and Cedric have a room of his own, but if I got one, he be there all the time. Only thing she don't know yet is she can have sex with him too. Haven't told her that yet, until I know for sure I take him. May keep it a surprise until he move in." 

"You'll let Bernice have sex with him too?" I asked.

"Yeah. Julia suggest it. I never thought about it before, but why not. I don't love him. He not my husband. He a sex toy to play with, finally have real sex. Why not her too."

"You might wish to use him both at once," Julia said, noticing the sudden look on Shasta's face. "I'm talking about one of you riding his cock, the other one his face. You don't both have to be naked and playing with each other, like Master and we do. Even get a nice strap on and one of you peg his ass while he's licking the other one."

"Peg?" 

"It means fuck his ass with a strap on. It's another way to establish Dominance over a male."

Shasta realized what Julia was talking about, a sudden light dawning in her eyes.

"I realize I'm going to have a sex slave and I know it's voluntary, but I'm going to be fucking someone while not married. I realize I'm not so pure myself, not follow Bible so exact myself. So why do I pick and choose what I follow and expect more from you?You both, no, all of you, are the best people I know. Practically family to me. You always treat me decent, with respect and kindness. If no one else is caring if you with Cindy, who am I to judge people who are so nice to me and everyone else all the time? I'm sorry I treat you so bad. It's none of my business. I never say another word about it."

"Thank you, Shasta. That means a lot to me," I said. "Actually, you didn't say much anyway, but I'm happy you can forgive me."

"I'll see you tomorrow, Julia, bright and early. I'll make up for the time I missed today."

"Shasta, you might want to consider one more thing," Julia said.

"What's that?"

"You might want to make yourself a slave bed. Slaves are not alway obedient."

Shasta grinned at us. "You're right. Sometimes slaves be bad. You better order the supplies tomorrow so I can have it ready when he start."

That was how Shasta came to own a slave.

******

JULIA

Sandra called me Wednesday after lunch.

"What can I do for you, Sandy?"

"I'm dying," she groaned.

"Call 911," panicking. "I'll call Master right away."

"Not dying, dying. Today is the first time I'm able to touch myself for anything but putting antibiotic on and Dan won't let me cum. The hood piercing has me so horny and he said I can't cum until the poker game tomorrow."

I laughed. "It sounds like a Slave Trainer."

"What's a Slave Trainer?"

"A device Master possesses which was invented by a demon from hell who hated women. It's the worst punishment Master imposes on his slaves. It vibrates against our clits and in our pussy until just before we cum, then shuts itself off. As soon as the worst of it passes, it starts again. It's fiendish."

"The hoop rubs against my clit all the time. It keeps me constantly aroused. If Dan hadn't arranged for me to have the week off from work as part of his plan for my permanent slavery, I'd be a mess. If I move just right, I might have a tiny orgasm, but it's unsatisfying. It never makes the arousal go away."

"I sympathize. I really do. When I get pierced, I think I want my hood pierced."

"You might want to rethink that."

"I like the idea of being Master's horniest slave. The one who wants and needs to fuck him the most. The one who will constantly be begging for his touch. I'm competing with two other slaves, Lisa primarily, and I'd like to stand out from the others. What better way than to be his neediest slave."

"The main reason I called is to find out about the poker game. Obviously, I know slaves have sex at it, but not the details. What can you tell me about it?"

"Are you familiar with poker?"

"Very basically. I've never played."

"A player wins each hand with money in the pot. Every hand where a slave is performing, the slave must orally caress the genitals of the winning player."

"You mean suck cock?"

"Two women also play poker. Regina and Lisa. They can win too."

"Okay, so two minutes of oral gratification. What else?"

"At the end of the game, the slaves services are then sold, using only the money they've won at the game. If you're bust, you can't bid. One or more of her holes could be sold. Due to the lateness of the evening, it's usually for no longer than fifteen minutes or until the person who purchased you cums, whichever takes longer. The other players get to watch you get fucked. If a woman buys you, it's usually fifteen minutes as they may cum two or three times from a well trained slave. If it's a male, it may take longer than fifteen minutes, because they may have cum multiple times during the game, especially if all three of your holes are sold. One of them will usually last longer than fifteen minutes. They're talking about moving the game to Friday nights and selling the slave for the night."

"Would it be one at a time or all three at once?"

"That would be up to your Master. Have you ever been double or triple penetrated, Sandy."

"No. One hole at a time."

"Do you have an enema kit at home?"

"Why?"

"If you know you're going to be fucked in the ass, it makes for a cleaner experience. I'll suck Master's cock after if my ass has been cleansed first. If you come over tomorrow. I'll demonstrate the process for you. Master's love it if you'll suck their cock after they've fucked your ass. Is Master Dan selling all three of your holes tomorrow."

"I think so. He said every slave should be airtight at least once during their slavery."

"He's not wrong, Sandy."

"How was it for you, the first time you served at the poker game?"

"Master sold me as a white silk slave the first time, about a week into my slavery."

"I'm sorry, white silk? What does that mean?" 

"The men could only use my mouth. Master was trying to work up towards seeing other men fuck me. Red silk means all of you may be sold. I was very nervous the first time. I wasn't sure if Master really wanted me to be with other men. He did, but he didn't. He wanted me to have a full slave experience, even though he didn't want to share me. So when he told me I'd be sucking all of our friends cocks, I was very nervous. I thought he might be testing me to see if I would remain faithful to him. I didn't want to appear too enthusiastic to be sucking anyone's cocks, but I was wearing the Slave Trainer and the only time I got to cum is if I made one of the men cum. I was quite desperate to orgasm. I ended up sucking them as much as possible so they'd orgasm, then I could too. It made me ashamed, especially since these were people we were friends with and would see all the time. I knew every time Master saw one of the men, he'd imagine me sucking their cock, desperately trying to make them cum. It took a long time before I lost all those inhibitions and realized I was nothing but a slave to be used as Master desired. 

"Being sold afterwards is another experience entirely. Every time I'm sold, I'm so aroused. Not knowing who will purchase me and how they'll use me, knowing anything might happen. Every slave who's been sold has the same experience. Extreme arousal to the proceedings. It's quite exhilarating."

She was quiet, thinking. "Who plays?"

"Generally, the people at the Memorial Day party. You've met them all. I'm guessing you're not concerned Master Dan is trying to test you?"

"No. We talked about it a great deal before and after Memorial Day, including our reactions when we saw our spouse having sex with other people. We started doing D/s more often afterward, and we even went out with your parents on an individual basis, to have sex with them. Other than them, we haven't had sex with anyone else until Rhonda sucked his cock and licked me. We began discussing allowing other people into our sex lives on a regular basis after, and decided we would both be amenable to it. We've both been faithful to one another until now, and don't need to prove how much we love one another. We never thought that might include our children until this weekend. That was quite a shock. At first, we didn't know how to deal with it. I think you speaking to us helped."

"I'm glad. I didn't want a barrier to come up between you and your children. How did you feel when you sucked your son's cock while your husband fucked me?"

"It was so taboo and bizarre, I couldn't help but be aroused by it. To think I was sucking my son's cock. I nearly climaxed when he orgasmed in my mouth."

"Has Master Dan given you any indication it might happen again? Master hasn't spoken of it, except he's not sure what to feel about it. Generally, he hasn't wanted us to have sex with men again. I was surprised when he agreed to let Dan fuck me, though I understand it was kind of a wife for a wife sort of thing."

"He hasn't talked about it either. If I may be honest, I still wish to watch both of them fuck you like they did Dawn."

"If you're being sold as red silk tomorrow, it may be me watching Master Dan and Master fuck you together first. Your mouth is not the only thing California Law allows Master to fuck."

"You mean Scott might be the one to purchase my ass?"

"And whose cock you suck clean afterward."

There was silence on the other end for maybe fifteen seconds. "Shit! You've just made it worse."

"What?"

"I need to cum even more than I did before."

I laughed. "Come over at five and we'll cleanse your ass first."

"Stop talking. It's making it worse. Goodbye, slave," she said before hanging up.

******

Sandy did come over at five, just as the workers were leaving except for Shasta. She was staying until six to work on her own slave bed. The poker game was being held at Chen's house tonight. I sent Rhonda and Lisa over with Janet to help her get ready for the game. 

"Are you nervous?" I asked Sandra.

"Very. Are you sure this cleansing will help? I don't want to be sucking on shit." 

She was removing her clothes in my bedroom, what few there were. Master Dan didn't want his slaves wearing any more clothing than mine did. She was going to wear a robe to go next door. Nothing else.

"Yes. You'll see for yourself. I promise. What time will Master Dan be here?"

"A little before seven."

"Has he played poker before?"

"When he was younger. He hasn't played seriously for several years."

"It probably means he won't have the money to purchase any of your holes. Generally speaking, Regina is the best poker player, so you can expect to lick her cunt quite a bit. She may not want her cunt licked if she wins, however. She brings a big strap-on and will sometimes fuck one of your other holes. My Master and Chen are fairly evenly matched just below her, though Chen blew it last week when Cindy was up for sale. Janet is pregnant and I think he was trying to avoid getting his cock sucked in front of his pregnant wife."

"Janet is pregnant? Their marriage isn't until February. I just got the invitation."

"She stopped being as cautious as she should be once she got engaged and moved in with Chen. She finally convinced him to start playing hard when I called him on his poor play. Cindy had to lick any Master's slave's cunt while fucked if a Master purchased her. Janet wanted her cunt licked as most of the time, the slaves aren't allowed to cum. Jerry and Edward are probably the next best, with Lisa and Rob behind them. Everyone will win at least one hand, so expect to orally pleasure everyone's genitals. I've never seen a game played with a slave serving where the slave didn't swallow everyones cum at least once. Once they realized they were getting licked and sucked every time they won a hand, they started playing shorter games so there was more sucking and less poker. And of course, the luck of the cards does play a part."

I was pulling out the enema equipment and preparing the solution. We used a little Vaseline to grease her entry and I showed her how she she put the mild soap solution in her rectum, then hold it as long as she could, and finally release it into the toilet when she felt she couldn't hold it any longer. The first run through was as expected, so was the second and the third had very little waste in it. The fourth looked clear and we did a final rinse without the soapy solution which I didn't like to leave in the bowels. Master got home around six and seeing us in the bathroom, went upstairs to take his pre-game shower.

To prove to her that her bottom was clean, I took a plug, lubricated it with a tasteless water based lubricant, inserted it in her bottom and after showing it to her, sucked it when I removed it.

"I can't believe you just did that," Sandy said. 

"A little mother-in-law/daughter-in-law bonding, Sandy. You're going to do it now too. I don't want you puking the first time merely from the thought of doing Ass to Mouth. I'm going to reinsert it. You can inspect it when I remove it, then you're going to suck it clean, so you can see there's nothing to it. If you need to puke the first time, it won't be all over someone. Bend over again, please."

I reinserted it into her bum, moved it around a little like she was getting fucked with it, pulled it out and showed it to her.

"Looks perfectly clean. Probably cleaner than your cunt right now. Open your mouth now. There you go." 

I put it in her mouth. She gave a little spasm, like a bad burp perhaps, but suddenly realized it didn't taste nearly as bad as a mouth full of vomit would be and she choked it away.

"Suck it clean, Sandy. Good girl. Of course a cock will have cum on it, but you should be used to cum by now."

We put everything away and we both took a shower. I got out the Slave Trainers. 

"Master called earlier and said you'd be wearing a Slave Trainer tonight while you're serving the players under the table. If you make a player orgasm, you'll be able to have one yourself. We're bringing the second one because they change it out during the mid-game break. We won't put it on until just before we go to Chen's. 

"You likely won't have an opportunity to eat anything but cum once the game starts, so I'm to feed you a light snack now, and I could give you a little alcohol if you feel you need it to calm your nerves."

"Sure, a gin and tonic please."

"And to eat?"

"A half sandwich, lot's of meat. I haven't eaten much today, I've been so nervous."

"I've got ham," I said.

"Ham is fine, and some cheese."

I made her the sandwich and her drink. I had the other half and water. Despite being able to snack during the game as I'd be timekeeper and orgasm controller on her Slave Trainer, I was still hungry all the time. I didn't have to serve food and drinks like the other slaves did. I was too far gone into my pregnancy now. I tried to keep her mind on other things before the poker game. 

Just before it was time to go over, Master Dan came. 

"Is she ready," he asked me.

"All we have to do is insert her Slave Trainer, Master Dan."

"Let's do it."

I put the first one in and on her and turned it on. She almost climaxed when it went in due to her hood piercing. I suspected it wouldn't be buzzing in her cunt much she was so turned on.

I gave her the robe for her walk over, then put mine on.

"When you're sold at auction, slave," I said, "the money is donated to charity. Which charity will you be fucking for?"

"I don't know. I can't think," Sandy said. "I'm so nervous."

"But you're also aroused, aren't you?" I asked.

"Juice is running down my leg," she admitted.

"Cindy donated to a battered women's shelter. Would you like to do the same?"

"That sounds fine."

"A little warning. The slave serving the players needs is subject to inspection and handling ahead of time. Expect to be groped and fondled when the players arrive. Master Dan, you may wish to give your slave permission to cum the rest of the night."

I'm not even sure Sandra heard me she was so on edge. Master Dan said, "you have my permission to cum tonight." She heard that.

Master Dan attached a leash to her collar and we walked next door. Janet opened the door when we knocked. She was naked, of course. She let us in. As soon as we arrived, Master Dan took Sandy's robe. Chen's eyes popped when he saw her stripped and saw her collar and piercings. She looked like the slave she was.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"Mrs. Rivers?" He said tentatively.

"No more," Master Dan said. "She's just another slutty slave girl now. If you want to look her over, feel free."

Masters tend to feel free fairly often, especially when invited. He pulled her into a close embrace and kissed her before putting a little space between them so he could thumb her nipples, hard as tiny rocks. The slave moaned, blushing. 

"Damn, this slave jewelry looks fine. Janet tells me she can't get pierced yet due to her unexpected pregnancy, but looking at you, slave, I'm tempted to put her in some anyway." He fingered the cunt ring. "She could definitely get a cunt ring like this one."

The two Strong twins and Regina arrived.

Regina had met Sandy at the Memorial Day bash. The Strongs had gone to high school with Master and known her for years.

"Damn!" Edward said. "Scott, you had the most beautiful MILF mother in our crowd and between her and your sister, I must have jacked a hundred loads of cum into Kleenex. Is she serving as the under table slave tonight?"

"Yes she is," Dan answered, "but with a slight change in rules."

"Fuck, yeah!" Rob said. "I think every teenage fantasy I had has been granted the last two weeks. First the daughter, then the mother. I might cum the second your mom touches my cock."

"What change in the rules?" Edward asked, fondling her ass.

"Tell me she's being sold as red silk?" Rob said, playing with her tits.

"Let's wait until Jerry, gets here," Master said, "so it doesn't have to be explained twice."

I hadn't heard of any change in the rules, so couldn't help Sandra when she looked at me. I shrugged my shoulders.

"Is Sandy the reason why you want to move the poker game to Friday nights?" Chen asked.

"No, that's in relation to another slave, Dawn," Master said, "a bisexual woman who mostly doesn't get as much cock as she craves. She was hoping to come to one of our poker games, and be sold for the night so she could be well used, and not get fucked for fifteen or twenty minutes. When pointed out Thursday night are work nights, she suggested it be moved to Fridays."

"I don't see any reason not to move the poker game," Edward said. "We can have a date night just as easily on Thursday and Saturday as Friday."

Regina came over to Sandy and asked, "Do you know how to lick cunt yet?"

"Not very well," Sandra said, blushing again. "I received some instruction on Brianna's estate when Master enslaved me permanently."

Jerry and Reneé arrived and were as surprised as the others to see Master's mother bedecked in slave gear like the rest.

"I have to say, Sandy," Jerry said, "you don't often see cunt rings on soon to be grandmothers, but I like it. Looks sexy as hell on you."

"Jerry's here now. What rule changes did you want to make, Dan?"

"After the game, I want only the men to bid on all three of her holes," Daniel said. He raised his hands for silence as soon as the women started to protest, even the slaves who couldn't bid on her. "Wait a minute. Hear me out. This slave has never been double or triple penetrated and I want to ensure she takes it in all three holes at once tonight. That can only happen if the men are bidding on her, and I'm not talking about a strap-on, Regina. I know you've probably got one in your purse. I want three cumming cocks to fill her. 

"Now I do realize that's patently unfair to the ladies, so to make things even, after she's been sold and used, she'll lick the cunts of every female here, slave or not, while the remaining men fuck her cunt if they wish. She needs the practice licking cunt. I know the men will be getting sloppy seconds and thirds, but at least they won't be paying top dollar."

That got everyone else back on his side. Even the slaves would get something out of it. Regina would get her cunt licked without having to pay a cent.

"One last thing, like Cindy before her, California laws regarding incest will apply for this slave. My son can bid on her mouth or ass."

"You have got the freakiest fucking family, Scott, but I love it," Regina said. "I'm dripping right now I'm so turned on. Let's get this show on the road."

"Are you playing poker tonight, Dan?" Chen asked, the good host.

"Hell yes! I wouldn't mind buying a piece of her tail. I know how well she fucks." 

"You better bring your 'A' game, Dan," Edward said, "because I've wanted to fuck your wife for eighteen years. Practically from the moment I knew what fucking was."

Sandy blushed again. She'd lose that after awhile.

Chen set another chair for Dan at the table while the slaves started taking orders for food and drink from the players. I noted they were drinking less alcohol than usual. Trying to maintain clear heads, I wondered? Sandy was shooed under the table waiting for the game to start.

"It's a hundred dollar buy in, Dan," Chen explained, shuffling the cards. "It's all the money you get. You go bust, you're out. The slave auction after is only with the chips you still have. Dealer names the game. We tend to go with shorter games now like five card draw and stud to get to the cock sucking faster, but it's definitely your choice when you have the deal. We don't play games like high or low Chicago because there's no way to split the cock sucking in a fair and equitable manner. Any questions?"

"No, that's pretty explanatory. I'm good." He pulled out five twenties. "Here's my buy in."

Chen passed the deck to Rob to cut. The way the games went, the host or hostess usually started the deal. Going clockwise from Chen: the players went Rob, Regina, Edward, Dan, Master, Lisa and Jerry. I was seated behind Master. Lisa, though she had her slave collar on, wore a dress because she was acting as a player, not a slave. Regina also had a skirt. The women didn't have underwear so it was easier for the slave to have access to their pussies. The men usually left their cocks out once they'd been sucked, and sometimes they pulled them out sooner, depending on how comfortable their trousers were.

Lisa, surprisingly, won the first game. She must have been as excited as I was. She climaxed within her two minutes, allowing Sandy to have her first real orgasm since her piercing on Sunday. She let everyone know she was cumming too. Rob won the second game, the one he dealt, and as he frequently did, he stood up for his cock sucking and we all got to see him shoving his fat prick in Sandra's mouth. 

"Christ, Dan. You trained your woman well. I haven't had a blow job this good since Gwen was a slave."

He didn't cum, but he was leaking pre-cum when Sandra finished. Jerry won the next game and I wondered if his was the first black cock Sandy ever sucked. He wasn't as thick as Rob, but he was longer and she still managed to get all of him down. Regina won two of the next three games, wrapped around a win by Master. After watching Sandy suck her son's cock, Regina climaxed the second Sandra licked her the second time. Sandy earned her second orgasm.

"Finally," Edward said when he one the next hand. His cock was out of his pants before she even reached him. She sucked hard, but Edward didn't cum. "Ten more seconds; I swear I would have filled her slut mouth."

He won the next hand too, and it took Sandra twenty seconds for his orgasm to start. When Regina pointed that out, he said, "Hey she quit sucking it for a couple minutes. Took a few seconds to warm me up again." 

He wasn't kidding about it being a childhood fantasy to fuck Scott's mother either, as far as I could tell. He flooded her mouth with so much cream, it was spilling out of her lips no matter how fast she swallowed. Dan and Chen both won a hand, then Master won again and this time, he climaxed, filling Sandra's mouth with almost as much cum as Ed had. Master hadn't cum since his morning blow job, so I wasn't surprised by the volume of his cum.

"Fuck me! I'm cumming," Regina said as Sandy gobbled up Master's cum. "I can't believe how hot it makes me to watch Sandy suck Scott's prick." Sandra got her fourth orgasm of the night for making her son cum. She didn't get anything for Regina, who'd cum on her own.

Rob finally won a second game and his cum flow was as heavy as Edward's. Apparently, neither of the Strongs had sex today before coming to the game. He was standing again and we could all see how stretched Sandra's lips were to wrap around his prick and how often she had to swallow to keep up with the volume of his cum.

At that point, there seemed to be a subtle change in the game. Both of the Strongs seemed to be winning more often, and Regina less. Edward wasn't a bad player and the hands he laid down were on the whole, good cards. Rob seemed to be winning with weaker cards. It didn't take long before the pile of chips in front of them grew and everyone else's diminished. I watched awhile to see if I could pick out the reason why. Most of the time Rob won, Regina stayed in the game until she drove the other players out, afraid of her skill, but then she folded so Rob took the pot. I don't suppose there was anything illegal about it, but she was definitely assuring Rob and Ed would have childhood fantasies made real when they fucked Scott's mom. 

When they took the midpoint break, I spoke to Regina about it while Dan saw to his wife's needs and Master swapped out her Slave Trainer.

"I know what you're doing," I said.

"What am I doing?" Regina asked, smiling.

"You're making sure both your lovers have their fantasies fulfilled by fucking Master's mom. You don't need money to bid on her since you get your cunt licked anyway, so you don't care about the money."

"Clever girl. Is that a problem for you? Surely you'd like to see her stretched around both their cocks as much as I would."

"I agree, it would be most arousing to watch. But a lot of the money Rob has won, might have been Master's. The hands he tossed in were generally better than Rob's. Wouldn't you like to see Master fuck his mother's ass? You orgasmed when he came in her mouth. Imagine Master cumming in her bottom, then her cleaning his cock afterward. I bet you'd have another untouched orgasm from watching. And I intend to lick the cum from her after everyone has fucked her. You could see Master's wife licking his cum from his mother's ass."

Regina gripped my shoulder, hard. "Oh, fuck! I just had another small orgasm thinking about it. Sandra going ass to mouth on Scott's cock. I'd love to see that."

"Then you might want to make sure Rob and Ed don't win all the money Master might have won, or you won't get to see it, because any of the men might win her third hole then. You might want to be less obvious about it as well. Rob is winning way too much considering his skill. If I can figure it out, anyone can."

Regina winked at me. "You are such a dirty girl, Julia. I love it."

"I'm just a very good slave, always trying to look out for my Master."

"Your Master will have enough money to bid on his mother's ass. You have my word."

I kissed her. "Thank you, Regina."

Master had seen me talking to Regina. "Did you figure out what she was doing too?" He asked.

"I did. She's making sure her lovers get to fuck your MILF mother and satisfy a bunch of their young men fantasies because she doesn't need money to get her cunt licked."

"She's not technically doing anything wrong," Master said. "Chen was purposely losing last week. You figured that out."

"No, but she's letting Rob win games you might have won, preventing you from having enough money to buy your mother's asshole to fuck. I'd like to see you fuck her ass, maybe Rob or Ed in her cunt." Master's cock twitched.

"You really don't care if I fuck Mother, do you?"

"No, Master. Not at all. I think it's arousing to see you fuck your mother and sister. It satisfies some twisted little part of me. As soon as I have our son, I want you to fuck hell out of me, but until then, I'll watch you ream your mother a new asshole."

"You're so strange," Master said.

"Not so strange. Straightforward. Just think to yourself, what would I like to do. That's what I want to make happen for you."

He kissed me, delving deep into my mouth. When our kiss broke, I said, "I'd love to have that tongue deep in my cunt later, perhaps while Lisa is riding my face."

Master laughed. "I'm certain I can make that happen. I am the Master of my house."

"Yes, Master. You are."

The rest of the game went more true to form. Everyone won some, though Edward, Rob and Master still had the biggest pile of chips in front of them. Dan wouldn't have enough to purchase any of his wife's holes. 

Rhonda had to leave at 10:30 to prepare for work, but food and drink were the last thing on anyone's mind at that point. Everyone was pretty much watching the game at that point. Reneé and Janet were seated on their Master's laps, watching as avidly as we were. The game was called at 10:45 so the slave could be displayed for inspection for a few minutes before the slave sale took place at 11:00. Chen had various suspension points set up in his house for Janet, so he, Dan and Master were stringing her up after removing her Slave Trainer. It was essentially the first time her cunt was visible to the others as the Slave Trainer covered it. 

I heard Rob and Regina speaking quietly but urgently to one another.

"I want to bid on her ass. She's sucked my cock six times tonight, making me cum twice. I know I don't have enough to outbid Ed for Sandra's cunt, but I can certainly compete for her ass," Rob was saying.

"And I want to see Scott fuck his mother's ass," Regina responded, "and you wouldn't have enough money to bid if I hadn't helped you."

"Excuse me, Rob, Regina," I said, "I might have an answer to your dilemma."

Julia got a big smile on her face, already knowing she was going to enjoy my solution. Rob was puzzled.

"What's that?"

"I think Master Dan really wishes his slave wife to be used well this poker game. I don't know if he intends her to serve again or if this is a one off, but offering to let everyone fuck her tonight is an indication he wants her well fucked tonight."

"Yeah, so?" Rob said. 

"I'm sure if you were able to get another erection before the other men have finished fucking her, Master Dan could be persuaded to let you fuck her cunt. She'll be well greased by the time you get around to her a second time, but for bidding on her mouth, you'd get to fuck both her mouth and her cunt."

Rob smiled. "Really?"

"I don't think Master Dan would take much persuading."

He looked at both of us with a big grin on his face. "Done." He went to inspect the new slave.

Regina said, "Thanks. He was proving rather difficult."

"And all it took was offering two fucks for the price of one."

"I need to get with your Master about using your services again. Perhaps after the baby is born."

I smiled at her. "You didn't get a bad bargain for letting Ron join the poker game, did you."

"Not at all. Best decision I ever made was letting him attend, especially joining the game myself."

Master called me over to conduct the auction. Heaven knows I was getting a lot of experience at it. First Cindy last week, then Sandra today. Her wrists were fastened over her heads tightening up her figure nicely. Chen had provided a leg spreader and her feet were about three feet apart, really exposing her cunt to scrutiny. She wasn't shaved, but she was closely trimmed. Her pussy juices and cum from her orgasms was leaking down her legs. Sandra had kept her figure nice. Even two children hadn't particularly spoiled her deliciousness. Her breasts had a little sag, but I suspected she'd started with B cup breasts before raising and suckling two children had boosted them to a C. The sag wasn't apparent from the way she was posed for inspection.

"Ladies and gentlemen, may I have your attention please," I said. "Up for auction today is a prime piece of slave meat, newly enslaved by her Master just this past weekend. Her proceeds will benefit the same battered women shelter her daughter supported last week. She's a little older than your average slave, but as Ed and Rob noted earlier, one sexy MILF. I noticed you were inspecting her after she was displayed for auction. I don't know if you noticed it during your inspection, but her Master had her clitoral hood pierced. The hoop in her cunt constantly rubs against her clit, making her hot and needy for sex all the time. Until tonight, she's been unable to have sex since her piercing, so I'm quite certain she's going to be quite the screamer when she's fucked tonight."

Sandra moaned, already starting to experience the arousal of a slave girl up for auction. 

"As you can see from the evidence running down her legs, this slave is a bundle of heat, wanting to feel a nice cock punishing her pussy." I ran a finger up her inner thigh, collecting some of the evidence on it, then licking it. "Oh, and she tastes quite good, too." Sandra moaned louder, and another trickle of juice dripped from her cunt.

"Do I even need to push fingers in her cunt to prove to you how responsive this slave is? Oh, what the fuck, why not."

I shoved three fingers deep in her pussy and Sandra climaxed, bouncing up and down in her bonds, fucking herself on my fingers. Her orgasm over, I licked my fingers again. Pristine pussy.

"Now I know some of you might feel disappointed you weren't good enough to win one of this slaves holes, but Master Dan has generously offered to share this slaves talents afterward. The other men will fuck her in the order of their winnings. She will lick the ladies cunts while each of the other men fuck her cunt. Knowing how easily we slaves cum, and how many times the men have cum tonight, I'm sure she'll be able to lick each of the women to orgasm two or three times before the last man has been drained. We'll be starting the bidding for her cunt tonight. What am I bid for this prime pussy?"

Edward had the largest sum of money and he bid it all. "Two hundred eighty-six dollars."

No one else had that much, they didn't even bother bidding. "One slave cunt sold for two hundred, eighty-six dollars," I said. "Put your money in the paper sack, Ed. Next up for sale is the slaves mouth. I know each of you men have enjoyed this mouth already tonight. Now you get to enjoy it while she's getting fucked in both of her other holes. What am I bid for this fantastic cunt sucker?"

"Sixty dollars," Chen said. "Seventy," Rob replied. "Eighty," Jerry said, adding his voice.

"Fuck it," Rob said. "Two hundred, thirty dollars." No one else but Master had that kind of dough. It still left some money left over, maybe fifty dollars.

"Going once, going twice, sold, this lovely slave mouth sucking Rob's thick prick. Put your money in the bag, Rob."

He added his chips to the sack and waited for Sandy's ass to be sold. I turned Sandy around so her ass faced the crowd.

"The last item up for bid is this beautiful ass." I smacked it, making Sandy jump. "You can see where Cindy got her buttocks from. These are slightly fleshier than her daughters, but still well toned. I suspect Sandra has spent some time climbing stairs or on a Stairmaster. Someone is going to enjoy planting their prick between these lovely globes, especially while Edward is in her cunt."

Sandra moaned, cumming again.

"Did I not tell you this slave is hot. She's cumming even without anyone fucking her. Just the thought of fucking and her piercing is making her cum. Let me tell you a secret. I saw to it this slave's ass was cleansed prior to the game tonight. After the worthy gentlemen fucks her ass, she's going to clean his prick for him. She's soon going to feel three nice cocks thrusting into her at the same time. I understand it's a first for her, the only time she's been double or triple penetrated. Who knows how often she'll cum?"

--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"One hundred dollars," Chen said. "One hundred, twenty," Jerry said.

"Two hundred, seventy-eight," Master said. "All I have to fuck my Mother's ass."

The rest of us laughed. He had the winning bid for sure. Sandra was cumming again.

"Do I need to say it. My Master has won her ass. Master Chen, might we use your bedroom for this momentous occasion tonight. I'll help Janet replace your sheets afterward. I'm sure this slave will soak them with her cum."

"Be my guest." 

He helped release Sandra and led us all into his bedroom. Sandra appeared a little wobbly as she walked, and I could imagine why. I don't know if she'd dreamed of being airtight the way I had, but she was going to be. Chen and Janet had a king size bed, not as big as ours, but big enough for what was going to occur.

Edward took off his clothes and got on the bed. His cock was at full mast already. Dan helped Sandy mount his prick. She was cumming all the way down his shaft. If Sandy had laid on her back tonight, her asshole would have been well lubricated from the fluids leaking from her cunt. As it was, Master had to apply some lube to her crinkled star before he started pushing into her back door.

"Oh, fuck! Oh, fuck! Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck," Sandra whimpered as Master entered her right next to Edward. 

Only Rob and perhaps Jerry could stretch her more and I wasn't sure Master hadn't grown another half inch longer and larger around at the thought of fucking his mother.

As soon as Master was planted in his mom's bum, Rob fed her his fat joint. If ever a woman was airtight, it was Sandra. Two of the Strongs and Master. They slowly fucked Master's mother. Sandra was cumming like crazy. I was sure she'd be screaming if not for Rob's cock choking her. All anyone could hear were mumbles and gurgles. Sandra's throat was bulging with each thrust of Rob's cock. At some point, I didn't really see her pushing back against the two cocks in her nether regions anymore. 

"Stop for a minute, Rob," I said. "Pull out of her mouth. I want to make sure she's breathing. I don't see her moving anymore."

"Shit," Rob said, pulling out of her mouth. The other two men stopped fucking her momentarily.

"Don't stop," Sandra whimpered. "Don't stop now. I've been cumming for five minutes solid and its wonderful."

We all laughed. Typical slave. Rob buried his cock in her throat again. Master and Edward continued to fuck her. Master was the first to cum, his back bowing as he pumped his sperm into Sandra's bottom. Rob climaxed next and this load seemed almost as full as the previous two. Ed had been unable to move as much as Master, being pinned to the bottom, but with the other two finished, he started thrusting harder and deeper. It only took another minute before he sent a flood of cum into her pussy.

Sandy lay somewhat limply over Edward's big frame, cum leaking from both of her holes. 

"Clean their cocks, slave. You've left a big enough mess in Chen's bed," I ordered.

Sandra started on Edward, the last one in her, before tackling Master's cock, thick with his cum. 

Regina climaxed again, though I suspected she helped herself along. The two mens cocks glistened when she was done.

"Regina, you had the most money of the two women playing. Take your position in front of the slaves mouth," I said. "Jerry, you had the most chips left of the men, you get Sandra's cunt next."

Sandy had almost no time to rest before she was licking Regina's leaking pussy and Jerry was plunging into her cunt. Sandy's orgasms started all over again, Jerry's big black prick causing her clit to rub against her piercing. I got down on the floor next to her face, buried in Regina's humid cunt.

"A true slave pays attention to the cunt or cock she's licking even if she's getting fucked or punished. Ignore the pounding your pussy is taking from Jerry's black cock and lick this cunt like the slave you are."

Sandy moaned, cumming again, but tried to concentrate on Regina's pleasure and ignore her own. Regina climaxed and Lisa took her place, the other female player. Jerry was still fucking Sandra when Lisa orgasmed, and I let Janet go next as the slave hostess. Janet still hadn't climaxed when Jerry dumped his load and Chen took his place. Sandy was getting better at concentrating on her slave responsibilities so Janet climaxed shortly after Chen started. Janet kissed her Master for a moment as he fucked Sandy and Reneé took her place. Chen was still fucking her when Reneé climaxed and I took my place in front of her. Master's mother gave me my first orgasm of the day. I'd return the favor later. 

Regina was going for her second when Chen orgasmed and Master Dan filled Sandra's cunt next, the previous loads of cum squeezing out around his prick as he filled her, as hard as I'd ever seen him. He continued fucking her right through Regina, Lisa, and Janet, finally releasing with a deep throated groan.

I looked at Rob. He was hard again, and I'd promised.

"Master Dan," I said. "I was wondering if Rob could have a go at your wife's cunt. He didn't bid on her ass so Master could get it for sure."

"It's pretty late," Dan said.

"It is Master Dan, and I'm sure Sandra is exhausted. She's been cumming constantly for almost an hour. Rhonda's at work tonight. Instead of going home, why don't you spend the night with us in Rhonda's bed. Look at Rob's poor cock. You wouldn't want to send him home with a stiff prick like that when there's a willing slave who can take care of it for him, would you?" I smiled at him. "Perhaps you could be rewarded in the morning for your beneficence."

Master Dan grinned at me. "I think you convinced me."

Rob said, "Thanks," and fifteen seconds later he was buried in Sandra's cunt. He fucked her through Reneé, me and Regina again before he growled and shot another load of cum up her quim.

That was how I ended up licking the cum of five different men from my mother-in-laws cunt and one from her ass. Master had to carry her home when I was done; Sandy a limp puddle by that time. It was late enough they didn't even bother to dress her in her robe for the short trip next door. I helped Janet change the sheets on their bed, with Lisa's help. Despite slave's tending to clean up after themselves, there was big puddle on the bed from Sandy. I wondered how often she'd cum; if she had any clue. Lisa and I kissed them both goodnight and went home. 

Master was waiting in the bed for us.

"Would you like your reward now?" He asked. 

"I think we're all tired, Master. I can wait until tomorrow night."

"No problem. How do you intend to reward Dad for letting Rob fuck Mom tonight?"

"Do you care, Master?"

He looked deep into my eyes. "I don't believe I do, slave."

"I'll keep that in mind, Master, for next time. I've already texted Rhonda. She's going to suck Master Dan's cock when she gets home, then go to bed with your mother and keep her company while she sleeps. Master Dan was asked to let her sleep as long as she needs to and I'd send her home when she finally wakes up. I wouldn't be surprised if she sleeps until noon. Poor woman was exhausted."

He kissed me. "You're such a good slave."

"I know, Master." 

He curled up around me, his hand on my belly, holding our baby in his hands and I slept the sleep of the contented.

******

SCOTT

We've got a lot of things to go through quickly, and I was torn whether to provide it chronologically, or by individual. Chronological makes linear sense, but jumps around from person to person so each one feels like a birdie in a badminton tournament, all playing at the same time. Going from person to person focuses on each person, but will jump back and forth in time. After much contemplation, I decided to concentrate on people with some explanation if required. We'll start with Shasta.

Sean had provided a list of what he considered his hard limits. After consulting others, reading other sample contracts including the one Brianna had signed with Cindy, we helped Shasta draft Sean's slave contract. It was much more comprehensive than Julia's and mine had been. We'd learned a lot over the last eight months. Sean read it over and after making a few changes, signed it, making him Shasta's official sex slave. There still wasn't sex, because Sean hadn't undergone his training, nor had Shasta. As soon as he gave the required notice at his job, he started a week's worth of training at Mistress Brianna's designed around their contract. As Shasta still wasn't prepared for someone to lay hands on her, it focused on that.

Shasta went for a three day orientation of Mistress training. I say orientation, because she didn't want to have sex with women at all, and wasn't ready for full male slave participation either. She observed Mistress Dark and her interactions with her slaves, plus all the slaves who came for training, day and night. 

Sarah had learned Mistress Dark normally trained Dominants by making them slaves for a day, to understand the submissive mentality, then going through Dominant training. We convinced Mistress Dark that Shasta's PTSD would make the usual preliminary training as a slave impossible. When she heard about Shasta's gang rape, she agreed that putting her in bondage, then having sex with her was the worst possible scenario. So she watched everything Mistress Dark did, then talked to all the participants about the needs and feelings they experienced in any particular scenario to understand as much as she could without experiencing it herself. Slut and Rose became quite expressive in describing their feelings as slaves and Mistress Dark at what it meant to be Dominant. 

Shasta also asked Julia, Lisa, Reneé and Janet tons of questions about their slaveries, and Julia and I about our Dominance, trying to understand everyone's perspective as much as possible as she was starting from a place of ignorance and without having any particular need to Dominate, but only wanting someone who was totally submissive to have sex with. Then towards the end of Sean's training, Shasta went back and interacted with Sean explicitly, handling and directing her own slave, which as far as sex went, only extended to oral sex, with Sean's hands bound behind his back, plus discipline. 

We broke ground on Shasta's house two days after Sean started his training at Mistress Dark's. Since there was no room at Shasta's until she moved, Sean continued to live at his current apartment when he wasn't in training. Shasta completed his slave bed and it was sitting in our basement in pieces waiting for her house to be finished. 

After completing his training, Sean started work with Julia's company. Shasta was expected to keep him in line regarding the other women. He went naked like the other slaves, but wearing a cock cage every day. Shasta wanted to ensure he didn't mess with any of the women. She reminded him of her initial promise to cut off his dick if he ever did anything against another woman without that woman's permission. I think for the first week or two, the women attempted teasing him to give him an erection on purpose, but he soon learned to ignore them. He had no choice. It was either that or unbearable pain from his cock cage. From what Julia and Lisa told me, he was very well behaved, taking Shasta's threat seriously. He treated all the other women as dominants, enforced by Shasta's requirement to call them all Miss.

Before he left for the day, Shasta would cuff his hands behind his back and he would pleasure her for a half hour. When she was satisfied, he was uncuffed, his cock cage was removed and Shasta allowed him to jack off and cum once before she put him back in the cock cage and sent him home, still with her cum on his face.

Shasta had her plastic surgery at the beginning of February. She missed a week of work, though she still showed after two days of bed rest to direct Sean's work and activities and receive his adoration and attention. William Thornhill and Evelyn came for her unveiling, when the bandages came off. She hugged them both, so happy to see them. After the bandages were removed, she drove them to see the progress of her new house, introduced them to her new slave, then she took them to her old house to eat barbecued ribs Bernice made. Cedric remembered them both. It's hard to forget someone who gave you a new drivable electric toy car for Christmas. He's was as happy to see them as Bernice and Shasta were, coming out from behind their legs to hug them. William Thornhill told Shasta he was giving her $20,000 to furnish her new house. She tried to refuse once more, but Bill just laughed and said, "It's only money, dear. What else would you have me do with it that would give me so much joy."

We put them up for the night before they flew out the next day. Julia never asked me the question I still dreaded to hear.

Of course Rhonda, Lisa, and Julia helped her shop on-line and in stores, picking out furnishings. Cedric helped pick out his own bedroom's furniture, something Star Wars themed. It took five weeks to finish her house. Thornhill sent her a plant as a housewarming gift and all of her new items started to get delivered. The weekend after it was done, the gang helped her move any items she still wanted from her old place to the new one, mostly personal items and a few treasured family heirlooms. 

I helped her get her new bondage bed into her house. She put it in Sean's bedroom and Sean moved in. As far as she was concerned, she still wasn't allowing him anywhere near her except under her terms. Every night, he was chained to his bed with a chain long enough to reach the bathroom. Other than introducing him to her family, Sean was told not to bother them and they were told his room was off limits. Cedric was curious about the new man in the house, but all he was told was that he was a guest and not to be disturbed.

For two weeks after moved in, Shasta only ever allowed him to orally pleasure her, never using his hands, which she usually cuffed behind his back. One Monday before I left for work, they both arrived and after he was sent to start working, she came in and exclaimed she'd finally fucked him.

"That's wonderful, Shasta. How did you manage," I asked.

"I tied his ass down to the bed, and rode him. Fucked myself to five orgasms, then sat on his face for five more. It was wonderful."

"You need to start counseling, Shasta," Julia said, breast feeding Lucas. (This is where concentrating on a single person gets tricky. Something happening in someone else's life doesn't get told in sequence, but I assure you, it will be told.) "I can promise having his fingers stroking your g-spot while he's licking your clit or playing with your breasts while he's fucking you will make sex even better."

"She's not wrong," Lisa said.

"Fine. I'll go. I can't believe how well my life is going. If anyone told me four months ago I'd be living in a new house and fucking a man I'd have laughed in their face. If you say counseling will make things better, I'll try it."

Shasta started counseling shortly after, going three evenings a week. For the first three weeks she went, she was still tying Sean down to fuck him. However, she decided Bernice might wish to have sex herself, and she told Bernice to fuck him if she wanted.

When Bernice was told she could use him for sex herself, she refused at first, thinking of Sean as her daughter's boyfriend, since she heard Shasta in the room having sex with him. Shasta told us the steps she had to take before Bernice accepted he wasn't a boyfriend, he was a sex toy, just like a vibrator. 

"I made Momma come to his bedroom. I still don't let him in mine. I chain his collar to the bed then tell him to lie down on his back on the bed and tie his arms and legs down so he can't move. I show Momma how I control him. I tell him to get hard, he gets an erection. I tell him to get soft, his dick go flaccid. I tell him to get erection again and then I mount his prick. I fuck him until I cum three times, then tell him he can cum. Then I make him lick his cum out of my cunt, lick my asshole. I get off him and order him to get hard again, then soft, then hard. 

"Momma watching his cock bounce up and down like a jack in the box. She starting to get convinced he a toy. I told Momma to get on his prick and ride him, but he can't cum until I say. Momma rides him for a half hour. I say cum and he orgasms when I say. I tell Momma to sit on his face and he clean her off like a good little boy. Finally, she believes me when I say he's not my boyfriend. I tell her she can release his hands and feet if she wants, but not to unchain him from the bed. His chain reach to his bathroom. I tell her he ready to fuck again if she wants, just tell him to get hard. She tries it and he gets hard, just like she say. Finally, she fucks him every other day, treat him like the sex slave he is."

"How's your counseling going?" Julia asked.

"It's going. I think it's getting better. The therapist say maybe in April, I can start working with a man, try to get to the point I can let him touch me."

"Are you going to use Sean," I asked. 

"I don't have a boyfriend, so it's Sean or nothing. I've told her I have a male sex slave and how I use him for sex, but he still needs to be tied down to fuck. She thinks she can work with him, but she'll want to meet with him a couple times to let him know how he needs to proceed, so I don't lose progress. I don't think the mental health plan pays for him."

"We can help," I said. 

"Thanks, but I'm good. I don't have rent or house payment anymore. I can pay for Sean to go. Like I said. My life a hundred times better than it used to be."

"I'm so happy for you Shasta," Julia said, handing me Lucas so she can hug her. 

"Thanks to you two. Best day I ever had was coming in for my interview with you. I thought you were crazy at the time, but I can't believe how things work out."

Julia laughed and took Lucas back. I hugged Shasta as well. She wasn't nearly as skittish as she used to be.

In late March, Sean goes to the therapist and she talks to him a couple sessions and she goes over all the rules she's created for initiating intimate contact with Shasta, after which, he starts attending with her. Shasta talks to us about her progress after each session. 

Her therapist brings in a licensed sex therapist to assist. After a couple sessions together, the sex therapist has them doing things like having Sean hold her hand, or touch her cheek or stroke her hair. The training is still intensive, going on three times a week. After three sessions of nothing more than gentle, non-sexual contact, they have Sean disrobe Shasta and hug her naked. The fact he can control his erections so precisely is critical to the process. It makes him non-threatening and less pushy. Every session afterward, they're working naked together.

Holding her loosely in a spoon, nuzzling her neck. Then moving on to spooning while his hand explores her upper torso. Then giving her a naked massage. Still no erection, the touching is erotic now, but still not sexual. Finally, Sean is allowed to touch the holy of holies, merely the outside, but he gives Shasta an orgasm, lightly stroking her pussy. He still doesn't get an erection in therapy. This is for his Mistress, meeting her needs. Since Shasta knows he has his own, after each session, he's allowed to masturbate and cum.

The day finally arrives where he's allowed to push his fingers inside of her, while they kiss. He's very gentle and well trained, knowing exactly how to pleasure a woman. He gently strokes her g-spot. Shasta cums, then cums again, her back arching, her hips thrusting against his hand. He moves his kisses from her lips to her breasts, then suckles her nipples. She orgasms again, moaning his name.

"It was almost better than fucking him while he's tied down," Shasta said, telling us afterward. "Tomorrow, the therapist is going to have him lick my cunt while his hands are free and touching me. If that goes well, he's going to mount me for the first time. I'm nervous, but excited too."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
After her next session, Shasta told us that Julia was right. Being licked while fingered was better than licking alone. Sean had a big grin on his face, knowing how pleasing he was to his Mistress.

"Wipe that grin off your face, slave," Shasta said. "You can still get better. Maybe I have Julia smack your balls with her whip while you licking so you learn to concentrate better. Better yet, take herself one of her monster strap-ons and fuck your ass."

"Yes, Mistress. Whatever you say."

She patted his cheek. "He is a pretty good boy. Maybe don't have to be your biggest strap-on, Julia." We laughed.

The next session went even better. They started with Sean sitting cross legged on the floor and Shasta mounted him, but his hands were free and they hugged and kissed, touching her breasts and stroking her bottom. He didn't move, and he didn't lose his erection, and they just sat that way for a half hour, no thrusting and no riding, just his stiff prick sitting in her pussy. Then Shasta was told to move and she started sliding up and down his cock. He still didn't cum. Shasta did, a lot. That was going well, so Sean laid her on her back, never leaving her cunt and his body covering hers, fucked her. She climaxed a lot more. So much, she forgot about him. 

"Mistress, may I please cum," he said. "I've been hard for over an hour and it's starting to hurt my balls."

"You can cum, slave," Shasta whimpered, cumming herself. Sean stiffened and sent quite a flood of cum deep inside her which leaked quite profusely on the therapists floor cushions. 

"I'll pay for new ones," Shasta said, when she saw the mess they'd made.

"It's not necessary," the therapist said. "I was warned and these are washable. I believe you've advanced to the point that thrice weekly sessions are no longer necessary. We're done with the sex therapist now, but I still want both of you to see me every week for the next month to talk about your progress and how you're doing together. If we don't see any regression, your therapy is over."

"Then, Sean and I go home and I don't chain him to the bed anymore. We have sex again. Great fucking sex. This time I remember he need to cum too. Tonight, when we go home, I'm going to introduce him to Cedric as not just a guest, but his Momma's friend, and Sean start to join the family in activities. Of course, he have to wear clothes around the rest of the house, but he have to strip as soon as he closes the door to his room. I'm going to try spending a couple nights a week in there."

"Are you still going to allow Bernice to fuck him?" I asked, wondering if he'd become more than a sex toy.

"Sure. Momma have needs too. She may not get him as much if I spending some nights with him, but she still fuck him. I'm reaching the point where I might consider dating someone. Maybe not so afraid to get intimate with someone. We'll see."

Sean kept his expression even, but I thought I detected a brief flicker of sadness in his eyes. I think he was feeling like more than a sex toy.

That brings Shasta up to date, so let's talk about my Mom and Dad for awhile. Dad said Mom needed a full two days to recuperate after the poker game, but fucked him near to death on Sunday, thanking him profusely for making her his permanent sex slave and willing to share her so completely. Of course, it took a few weeks before she got used to her hood piercing and she was quite demanding for a slave. Dad said he hadn't had as much sex for so long since they were on their honeymoon.

Dan took her back to Brianna's after a month for a tattoo on her mons. In a pretty script it said, 'slave slut, insert here.'

The poker games were moved to Friday after the night of Mom's baptism. Dad didn't let Mother participate every week, but he became a fairly regular poker player and Mom was there every two to three weeks, serving as a slave. He never let her get used as much as she was the first time, but she was fucked regularly. When Lucia came for her next OB appointment, Dawn came with. Dawn was sold for the night. So was Mother. Dawn got sold to Rob, Ed and Regina as a group. Mom got sold to Jerry and Reneé. Dad spent the night at our house, and Rhonda took care of him orally before he retired and again when he woke up. They both were delivered to the house at the same time, around ten AM. Mom went and sat in Dad's lap, hugging and kissing him, quiet.

Dawn was anything but quiet. "I don't think my pussy and ass will ever be the same again," Dawn said. "What a pair of pricks. And Regina couldn't get enough cunt licking."

Father and I fucked Dawn much of the rest of the day, ensuring she wouldn't need cock for awhile, Lucia and the other slaves looking on. Then Mom and Dad took Dawn to their room for the night. Lucia, becoming quite large now, spent the night with Rhonda.

"Your Mom and Dad seem good," Lisa said, stroking my cock, trying to get me hard again. It was going to be a difficult task. 

"They do," I said. "Her slavery hasn't seemed to affect them negatively."

The baby monitor went off, Lucas crying softly, hungry again and maybe a diaper too. Julia started to get up.

"I've got this one," Lisa said. "I'll bring him to you for his feeding." She released my cock and Julia took over, sucking it into her mouth. 

"If you have to feed Lucas, maybe we should desist for the moment."

Julia grinned at me, her mouth poised over my mast. 

"Lisa can always use a fucking, even if you can't fuck me. Besides, as often as you've cum the last twenty-four hours, you might still be fucking when his feeding is done, trying to dredge up more cum and I can finish you off."

"I'll say."

Other than the blow jobs at the poker games, I hadn't fucked my Mother again, bidding only on her oral services, which weren't to be taken lightly. Her oral skills were extraordinary and emptying myself down her mouth, a guilty pleasure. Past the one time at Brianna's, Dad didn't fuck any of my slaves either, except to get blow jobs from Rhonda. I believed Mom still wanted Dad and I to fuck Julia together and Julia wanted us to fuck Mom together. There was something in the slave mentality which made it seem wicked and fun to them. We were treading lightly, however, waiting to see where things might go, but not rushing to get there. We did spend more time together and while frequent fucking was occurring, it was with our own slaves.

That would bring me to my sister, Cindy. Now the feelings which had kept her far away and distant were exposed and open and insignificant to those who mattered, we spent quite a lot of time FaceTiming with her. My slaves would suck my cock on video and show her me cumming.

"No fair," she complained. "I'm still not allowed to cum." 

To which we all laughed and did it again the next time. Of course, she was naked every time we called. 

Cindy told us of all the times people had heard the chiming of the bell hanging from her piercing and had to explain she was a sex slave to a female dominant and show them her bare cunt and sell them jewelry, showing them other things in the catalog. Well over a hundred people had asked. If the client asking about the jewelry was a female, Cindy could invite them to her apartment that evening for a personal showing. In addition to the ones she wore every day, she had some other samples which she could put on to show them. She was selling over a thousand a week in new high end jewelry. She was horribly embarrassed to start, but becoming less so each time she pulled up her skirt to reveal her cunt piercing.

It turned out one of her friends, Nora, was a closeted lesbian. When Cindy was providing her a personal jewelry demonstration about two weeks removed from her return to California, the woman hit on her. Cindy called Brianna immediately and told her Nora wished to have sex with her.

"You're still not allowed orgasms, slave. However, you may orally pleasure Nora as often as she wishes to be pleasured, no matter when she wants to be pleasured except while you're working, even if others are present."

"Yes, Mistress." 

So for the balance of her time in North Carolina, Nora stayed with Cindy, using her for oral sex whenever Cindy was free. Cindy, however was left frustrated. She was desperate for sex. One of the times we called, Cindy had friends over for kind of a goodby gathering, and she was nude, mingling with her guests. Nora heard us call and realizing we were on video, ordered Cindy lick her cunt in front of us and all the other guests. Following Brianna's orders not to deny a request for sex by the woman even when others were present, Cindy did so. While the woman held the camera on Cindy, we saw her blonde head between the woman's thighs, lapping her cunt. Others at the party, all females, also asked if Cindy would lick them as well. We heard them clamoring for her tongue. 

"We'll have to disconnect now," the woman said after she orgasmed. "Cindy must call her Mistress to see if she can satisfy the others who wish to have their pussies licked." The connection ended. 

I had to fuck one of my slaves after that call, I assure you. Cindy told us later that Brianna told her to pleasure any of them who wanted to be pleasured, so her going away party turned into a rug munch fest where over half of the women present, felt her tongue in their cleft, lapping up their fluids and giving them orgasms. Cindy still wasn't allowed to cum and said it was the most frustrated she'd ever been in her life.

"I'm an unrequited slut," Cindy said afterward, "not able to cum myself but licking half of my friends and acquaintances. I have a superb reputation as a quality cunt licker now. I've had inquiries after my services. Nora is perfectly willing to share, enjoying watching me pleasure others, then enjoying me after they've left. She's thinking of acquiring her own submissive. She can't get enough of me."

Cindy was not present for the birth of my son, still stuck in North Carolina. She did receive a FaceTime shortly thereafter and saw Lucas taking his first meal at Julia's breast. When she was coming back to California, Cindy got permission from Mistress Brianna to stop and see her new nephew on the way back to Los Angeles. She was allowed to stay for two days, one of which was spent with my parents. She still didn't have permission to cum, but she sucked my cock the night before she left for LA, monitored by Julia and Lisa. Mom was the better cock sucker, but I had feelings for Cindy I didn't have for my Mother, so it was just as rewarding when I pumped my cum into her mouth. The following morning, Mom and Dad drove Cindy to Brianna's. They would spend the night as Dad still owed Brianna time for the use of Dawn and Mother was the payment. Dawn would keep Dad company. Cindy told me during a future call that Mom was the first to give her an orgasm after her month long dry spell. She gushed all over Mother's face the first climax, desperate to cum. Brianna had her and Mother lick each other to orgasm multiple times. It wasn't a crime and it amused her to see mother and daughter having sex. Another phone call which resulted in a desperate need on my part to fuck the nearest slave, Rhonda in this case.

Cindy was now a permanent resident at Brianna's, helping her design catalogs and pamphlets for her jewelry, as well as provide naked showings for potential high end clients at their Beverly Hill's store. Since it was a store, and with others present, including security, Cindy modeled for both men and women who could closely inspect and even touch her jewelry in the private room set aside for the showing. It wasn't always only the jewelry which got touched, though it was always discrete. She said she did a show for William Thornhill and his wife, although as a part owner of the business, he got the jewelry at cost. Brianna made her lick Evelyn's cunt afterward. 

Julia, Lisa and Lucas went to Brianna's for a weekend in April. Julia went primarily to get her nose and sex pierced. She couldn't have her nipples done until after she quit nursing Lucas, but they also had a debt to pay, for Dawn coming for our poker game and I liked to pay my debts, particularly to my female friends. It was the first time Zoe's child, Jenna, and Lucas were introduced to one another. Being so young, neither of them had much interest in anything other than their mother's breast, but Zoe and Julia swapped kids for one feeding. Julia fed Jenna and Zoe fed Lucas. They sent me a picture. Both Lisa and Julia had to satisfy Brianna and many other of her slaves, which included Zoe and Cindy. I understand it was quite the time the four of them spent together, all women who cared for me. They all found something perverse in having sex together in a way no others could.

That brings me to me and my slaves. Julia delivered Lucas Daniel Rivers at 5:10 PM on January 22, 2020, a healthy boy of 8 pounds, 11 ounces. All three of her partners were in the delivery room when he made his first screaming cries at being sundered from his warm home. It was a fairly lengthy labor, and Rhonda was happy not to have been pleasing her Mistress when her water broke at 3:30 AM. She'd made arrangements for time off when the baby was born, so when she got word Julia's water broke, she was able to take annual leave and said she wouldn't be at work for a week due to the delivery. As I mentioned, Cindy still hadn't returned from North Carolina and we missed her being there for the big occasion. My parents were in the waiting room for the birth of their first grandchild and when all was done and they could join us in Julia's room, we called Cindy. At the time, she still had a 12 days to go before she could return. 

After three days in the hospital, mother and child got to come home. We had a nursery set up with a baby monitor and all three of us took turns getting the baby for his feedings or changing his diaper, Rhonda too if she was home. Julia had no qualms about whipping out her breast and feeding her child any time he was hungry. She was a slave, used to being naked, and California had laws protecting nursing mothers from harassment when they were breast feeding their children. She didn't even bother laying a towel or blanket over herself in public. If she could have gone nude all the time, I'm sure she would have.

One week after giving birth, Julia, Rhonda and Lisa were working out like demons, trying to get Julia's figure back and toning up as much as possible. Janet, Reneé, Alice and even Shasta often joined them when they had nothing else going on. Shasta had put on weight after her accident when she was laid up with her injuries, and decided if she was going to start having sex again, she might as well look nice, even if her slave had no choice but to fuck her. 

Shasta also started learning self defense techniques from Rhonda, thinking if she was going to start dating again, she'd want to be prepared if anyone got too aggressive before she was ready to have sex. The other women generally liked staying for that. Everyone of them either knew some woman who'd been raped, or perhaps pressured into sex before they were ready, even if it wasn't exactly rape. 

I was putting in a lot of extra time at work, preparing to build Thornhill's house, so they could exercise without interfering with my slave time. All the women had slacked off their workout routines somewhat as Julia went through her pregnancy. When she could no longer keep doing some things, those things tended to get neglected by everyone else as well. Only swimming and yoga had been maintained on a somewhat regular schedule, and it wasn't enough to keep their bodies toned as much as they had been. The baby weight started to melt off.

When the OB cleared Julia for sex again, the first thing she wanted was to be fucked hard. She sucked my cock to completion first to ensure I wouldn't cum too fast the second time, then I got behind her doggy style and pounded her pussy. She climaxed a half dozen times before I orgasmed again. 

"God, I missed that, sir," she said, both lying on our backs, both of us panting, alone at the moment. "I really needed that. I can live with almost everything else pregnancy brings, even the weight gain, the ungainliness, the lack of alcohol, but I really missed a good hard fucking in the worst way. I'm such a slave, and those pregnant fucks just don't do it for me."

I laughed. "Should I sell you at a poker game again? A Sandra special."

"Don't tease me, Master. You're not ready to see me with another man."

"Do you want to be with another man again?"

"What I want is unimportant to me, Master. What you want is important. I don't need to fuck other people. I have plenty of people to fuck."

"You enjoy it," I said. I started sliding down her body to clean her after our bout of sex.

"I enjoy all sex. It's like saying the sun enjoys rising every morning. It's meaningless. I'd enjoy sex with a cucumber."

I got out of bed. "Where are you going, sir? You were about to lick me."

"I'm going to get a cucumber," I said.

"You're not!"

"I am, and I didn't hear a Master or sir in there."

"Master!"

"You said you'd enjoy sex with a cucumber. I need to verify that statement."

I disappeared in the kitchen, rummaging around in the fridge. 

"Are you hungry, Master," Lisa said, playing with Rhonda on the couch to give us some alone time while on baby duty. "I can make you a snack."

"No," I said, pulling a cucumber from the refrigerator. "Julia said she'd enjoy sex with a cucumber. I just have to test it for myself."

Lisa and Rhonda looked at each other, then both got off the couch at the same time. 

"We have to watch, sir," Rhonda said.

They followed me into the bedroom. I was waving the cucumber like a baton.

"Since you're here anyway, perhaps you could clean her off before I start," I said.

"Of course, sir," Lisa said, "gladly."

She was between Julia's legs before she'd finished speaking, started lapping my cum from her cunt. Julia moaned. As soon as she was tidy, I tapped Lisa's head and she moved aside for me.

"This is going to be cold," I said, "and it's very thick. Let's see; should I use lubricant or is your cunt wet enough?"

"It's very wet," Lisa said, having just come from there. "She doesn't need lubricant." 

Julia groaned, knowing what was coming. I licked the end of the cucumber and put it against her sex, twisting it on the outside to moisten it on her juices. 

"It's cold," she said, shivering. 

"It will get warm fast," I answered, "as soon as it's in your hot cunt."

I slowly pushed it inside, her sheath spreading for the dimpled vegetable. It was as thick as one of the Strong twins. Julia whimpered. 

"Fuck me, Master. Fuck me with that cucumber. This is so crazy. Can I cum, Master?"

"You can cum, slave."

It took a several minutes before it warmed inside her body, her back arched and she spasmed around the thick vegetable. Lisa and Rhonda began nibbling on her nipples, and the next was even briefer. Her cum started to coat the green skin of the cucumber, leaving white streaks on it. She orgasmed a third time, writhing in pleasure. 

"I concede your point, Julia. You do enjoy sex with a cucumber. However, you must still be punished for neglecting to call me Master or sir. I'm thinking twenty swats with my hand. You may lick this vegetable clean, we'll have it in a salad for supper."

Julia licked it clean, licking her thick layer of cum off it. "I believe my orgasms crushed this cucumber, sir. It seems quite mushy to me now."

I laughed. "Perhaps we'll spice up another one for supper then. Throw this one out. Over my lap now, slave."

I spanked my slave, not even putting much effort into it, just reminding her of her failings. When I was done, I rolled her on her back and fucked her hard again. When I climaxed, Rhonda cleaned her off.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 6|
--------------------------------------------
"So, may I ask what brought about the cucumber incident?" Lisa asked as Rhonda tidied my wife.

"I told her she'd enjoy being sold like Sandra was at the big poker game, and she told me it was meaningless. She enjoys all sex. She'd enjoy sex with a cucumber. Of course, I had to test the validity of her statement."

"Are you thinking of selling us again, Master?" Lisa asked.

"I mostly just threw it out there. I certainly haven't decided any such thing."

"Don't do it unless you're sure, Master. We keep telling you it's unnecessary. We're happy slaves."

Yes, they were. Happy, laughing, beautiful slaves, doing all they could to make me content. I was a lucky man.

******

We were going to start on Thornhill's house in LA in March and it was every bit the monster undertaking I thought it would be. I'd sent the plans to his business manager for approval and got the word to go ahead. I looked for volunteers for the workers who'd be working on it since they'd be separated from their families each week. I still had half a crew made up of my guys. The rest of the crew would be made up from the other three contractors I'd hired from. I actually sent different parts of the plan to the three contractors and got their estimates for the sections I want them to build to make it easier to decide how much this was going to cost. I estimated four or five months to finish his house if all went well, if not longer, including a 2000 square foot guest house. That might depend upon how quickly the county responded to requests for inspection. 

Jerry and I were going to alternate weeks in LA until it was done as we had overall control of the project. Chen had the electrical work, but I hired another group for the A/C due to the size of the project. Chen would be getting back from his honeymoon just before we started.

Chen and Janet were married on Valentine's Day in February, the bride showing quite clearly she was pregnant at the time, but no one cared, not even Chen's parents. They saw how contented they were together. I think they were happy he was finally getting married and giving them grandchildren.

I mentioned Lisa, Julia and Lucas went to Brianna's to pay our debt for Dawn. Julia came home with a clitoral hood piercing and a labial piercing, plus a nose ring, like my mother.

When I asked her why she got two vaginal piercings, she said, "I can't hang my slave badge on the hood piercing, it's too heavy, so I got both. Sandy was right, I'm hornier than hell right now." 

Julia was spot on. After the piercings healed and she could have sex again; every moment she wasn't working out, sleeping, eating, working or taking care of Lucas, she was fucking. Anyone who had time and energy to fuck. Poor Rhonda was the usual source of her relief, but whenever Rhonda was at work or sleeping, Lisa or I were having sex with her, frequently both at once. She even asked Reneé and Janet to check with their Masters to see if they could have sex with her. After they got permission, Julia fucked each of them once a day, Reneé in the morning and Janet in the afternoon. It took about two weeks before she settled into a slightly less frenetic fucking pace, finally getting used to the piercing.

My slaves weren't the only ones to go to LA. I had to go to get ready for Thornhill's house. I met with everyone personally. I liked them. They seemed like good people and perfectly willing to share credit on the house we were building. When I went, I stayed with Sam. Thornhill had gone back to New York for the moment. Zoe informed me her Mistress would let me spend some time with Cindy each evening I was there, as long as she or Dawn monitored my activity. Cindy ended up sucking my cock each night but my last. When Dawn was there, she used my phone to record a video to send to my slaves, then spent the night after Cindy was sent away. The last night, Cindy told me she'd cleansed her ass and as she licked Zoe to orgasm, I slid into her tight bottom and fucked her. When she put her hand behind her and helped guide my cock to her back door, I almost climaxed right there. I didn't last as long as I hoped I might, not getting as much sex on the visit as I was accustomed to generally, but Cindy managed to orgasm twice before I emptied myself in her ass. When my prick finished pulsing in her pucker, she sucked me to another orgasm as Zoe pleasured her cunt. 

The property Thornhill found for his new home was about five miles as the crow flies from Brianna's but closer to twelve on the twisty canyon roads, and maybe thirty minutes to drive. It was a beautiful piece of land, about five acres total, and somewhat isolated. 

I walked the property with William when he showed me how he wanted the house situated, where he wanted the guest house, tennis courts and swimming pool. His slave was with him, on a leash, though not naked.

"Like Brianna, I'm thinking we'll spend a lot of time out by the pool, enjoying the weather. I think it will be a focal point of much activity, so I'd like the primary vistas to be back there, not the front of the house."

"Your naked slave might be the only vista you need, Mr. Thornhill."

"She'll be enjoyable to me, but not all my guests might enjoy the same view as I will," he smiled. 

It took three weeks after we broke ground on the property, before the foundations were ready for my crews to start work. Once my crews started work, I spent my nights at the same motel as they did, as would Jerry. I seriously thought of asking Brianna for female companionship for myself while I was there, but the other guys and girls were without their families, and figured I'd be a bastard for spending the night with sexual companionship since they couldn't. I was getting home once every other week anyway. They only got to go home once a month when I'd let everyone leave at noon on a Friday, give them two nights with their family and be back Sunday night. 

I decided it was not frequent enough, and so another time each month, two weeks from their time off, I rented a bus to bring their families to them, including my family, and Jerry's, and Chen's, renting a few extra rooms so they could have some alone time with their families. I was perfectly willing to foot the bill for the extras, but when William Thornhill found out what I was doing, he paid for it. 

"You're a good man, Scott, and I like the way you care for people. I've no problem doing this. I should have thought of it myself."

I took the money I would have used for the bus and extra rooms and spent it for food for big cookouts for everyone's family, sometimes at the motel, other times at a local park. The weekends they didn't spend with their families, they worked the weekend through, making up for any missed time and hoping to get home earlier. It didn't hurt they got overtime those weeks either.

During the weeks Jerry had to come to LA, he allowed Reneé to stay at our house. She spent the night in Rhonda's bed, sometimes with Rhonda in it, other times alone because Rhonda was working. Slaves needed frequent sex or they get cranky; crankier than their Dominant's do. As newlyweds, and Janet pregnant besides, Chen wanted Janet with him, so for the time he was working on Thornhill's house, Janet missed work. Fortunately Sean could take up the slack of her absence. He hadn't much skill when he started, but Shasta had whipped him into shape fast. She and Sean spent a little extra time each day working on William Thornhill's second bed. No rush as the house still wasn't ready, but she wanted to ensure this one was the best piece of work they did. Because they could take their time, she was adding some scrollwork and other design features the other one didn't have.

At the beginning of April, we sent out invitations to our bonding ceremony to be held at Brianna's on Saturday, May the sixteenth. Our party buses would leave Fresno on Friday, bring everyone to their motel rooms. Bring them to Brianna's for the ceremony on Saturday, and back to the motel later, and bring them back to Fresno on Sunday. The vast majority of everyone we sent an invitation to, accepted, including Sharon, our friendly and understanding waitress from Luigi's and her husband; and Sarah and Ron, who'd be flying in from Portland. Mistress Dark and her two slaves, Slut and Rose would be there. William Thornhill and Evelyn would be there. 

Shasta would be there with her slave. She didn't think Cedric should come to Brianna's, given the nature of what was going to be happening there, but Bernice and Cedric were coming to LA and on Saturday, Bernice was taking Cedric to Disneyland, which he'd never been to. 

The only people who weren't coming were any of Rhonda's family, except for one sister, who was a little more open minded about her sister's lesbian, submissive lifestyle than the others were. I'm not sure she knew exactly what she was getting into. Her name was Wendy, named after another Beach Boys song. I don't know why Rhonda's parents had chosen to name their kids after Beach Boys tunes instead of some Motown artists songs, but there it was. I'd never met her, nor had any of the rest of us. Lisa's brother, Dave, and his wife were invited, but declined to come when he found out what it was. From the sounds of his response, I don't think he knew his parents regularly participated in orgies and group sex of every sexual persuasion.

That pretty much catches everyone up to the beginning of May, a couple weeks before our bonding ceremony. 

*****
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 50|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-50|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<i>Scott starts changing his mind about his slaves participation in extracurricular activities. His mother starts training to pleasure women better. Scott makes arrangements for his slaves to be entertained in his absence. No STD's exist in this fantasy. Enjoy. </i>

<b>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 50 - Two Weeks of Fucking, pt 1</b>

SCOTT

Mom and Dad had come to visit the grandchild during which we discussed the Bonding Ceremony and what we expected to occur there. Dad asked Mom if she'd like to have one as well and she said it sounded like it would be a meaningful commitment to make, one to another. We'd eaten supper and Mom and the other slaves were in the house while Julia fed Lucas and then they'd change his diaper and put him down for the night. Dad and I were out in the spa relaxing, enjoying a glass of wine. 

"Dad, do you mind if I ask you a few questions?"

"As long as you know I won't guarantee an answer."

"Was Memorial Day the first time you and Mom ever had sex outside of your marriage?"

Dad looked at me for a few moments, deciding if he wanted to answer, then said. "I strayed once when I was younger and more foolish than I am now, just after Cindy was born. Your mother forgave me, thank God, or I would have missed out on the best damn part of my life. As far as I know, she's never stepped out on me before then, though she would have been entitled to after the little stunt I pulled."

"How did it make you feel when you saw her having sex with another man?"

"I suppose it bothered me a little, but I felt I owed it to her. Your mother sucking your cock bothered me more, because I hadn't quite wrapped my head around the idea it's not incest according to the laws of California."

"Why did you?"

"After Memorial Day, I started rethinking the whole concept of fidelity. I realize it may be important for young people to remain committed to one another. So many marriages break up early on, for a lot of different reasons, fidelity being one of them, but your mother and I have been married damn near thirty-six years. If I had any doubts about how much she loved me when I was younger, she's more than settled any doubts I had. 

"So if fidelity is not to answer any doubts about the depth of our love for each other, what is it? My holding onto her because she's a possession? If you have ideas of your Mom being anyone's possession, you can throw those right out of your mind."

"But she's your sex slave."

"I know we talk about possessing our sex slaves, but it's not possession in the sense of ownership. All she has to do is say the right word, and it's over. She willingly surrenders herself to me; I don't own her."

"Then how could you surrender her at the poker game? You sold her for the night to Jerry and Reneé. How did you tolerate it?"

"You sold your slaves. You let them all get fucked by multiple people on Memorial Day. How did you tolerate it?"

"I didn't really. I wanted Julia to get the full experience of slavery for the three weeks of her slavery, but it was ending and I expected sex with everyone else to end after the three weeks were up. When we decided to continue it, I couldn't tolerate the idea of her having sex with other men still. I was done with it. I'd steeled myself to withstand so much and that was it. Women I don't care about. She, Lisa and Rhonda fuck each other all the time. You were the first man to fuck her since her slavery became permanent."

"I didn't realize that. I'm sorry," Dad said. "I thought it had continued to one extent or another."

"That's not why I'm talking to you. I want to know how you cope with it. Julia and Lisa are so giving and willing to share me. I feel guilty for all they do for me and I'm unwilling to let them do the same. Sometimes, I hate myself for it. When she learned William Thornhill was giving the Fresno house to Shasta, she offered to suck his cock if I agreed. I feel like it's hanging over my head like Damocles sword. I want to say yes. She deserves to be with someone else. Both she and Lisa do, but I don't even want her sucking Thornhill's cock, an act which probably wouldn't take fifteen minutes and wouldn't involve her cunt at all. I even thought of acquiring a male slave, so they could fuck him, but it would be under my control. It's how Shasta got Sean. He was slated to be mine, but I didn't even want him fucking them. It's why I want to know how you deal with Mom at the poker games."

"I see. Well, as I said, I kind of rethought the idea of fidelity. Sandy doesn't have to remain faithful to prove she loves me. I already know she loves me. So if she tries out a different cock or even a cunt once in awhile, it's not much different than trying on a new dress or new pair of shoes. She likes a new dress occasionally and it doesn't mean she doesn't like the clothes or shoes she owns now. It's something different, but it doesn't harm me at all. She still wants me and needs me. You saw how she was when she returned from Jerry's and I told you how she was after the first poker game. Nigh fucked me to death. I saw how much she enjoyed it. Better than giving her a new piece of jewelry, which she doesn't need anyway."

"You say it doesn't harm you? It doesn't bother you."

"No. Not a bit. Not anymore. You know, we dated Julia's parents after we came to an understanding. Dated is kind of a misnomer, as it wasn't dating as much as fucking someone different. Had a good time, did it a few times, just for fun, but the poker games gives her a chance for sex with someone else, in a less serious, more fleeting setting."

"You fucked Julia's parents? That's what I don't understand. How do you not feel miserable?"

"Let me ask you something? Do Julia and Lisa love you?"

"Without a doubt. I don't question it for a second."

"I would say it's even more obvious to you as they've submitted to you as sex slaves, and are about to engage in a bonding ceremony binding them to you in something as permanent as marriage. She's been pierced for you and wears your sigils hanging from her cunt. She's been tattooed, an even more permanent marking for the rest of her life. The bonding ceremony is obligating her to submit her will to you in every way including how and when she's allowed to have sex and even if she's allowed to cum from her sex without being punished. She lets and even encourages you to have sex with other slaves. Is there anything more she could do to prove how much she loves you?"

"No. I can't think of a thing."

"Given she loves you completely, does it really matter at all if she fucks someone else, if she's not doing it behind your back, with both your knowledge and permission. It's just fucking, it's not love. Not really any different than if she fucks Lisa, except it's a man and not Lisa. It might even be less important because she loves Lisa. She doesn't care about the other men she's fucking."

"I guess not, but I don't know."

"You remember that poster I used to have around the house? The one from the sixties, I think, said something like, 'If you love someone, set them free'?"

"Yeah. It actually said, 'If you love something, set it free. If it comes back, it's yours. If not, it was never meant to be.'"

"That's the one. "I always took it to mean that you can't make something or someone love you. They either do or they don't and holding onto them doesn't make them love you. But if you free them, and they come back to you, they did love you and they've proved it more than if you held onto them a hundred years. I think Julia has proven in all the ways she can, she loves you, but you're still clinging to her with both hands, afraid to let go. Sometimes the thing you grasp the hardest, slips through your fingers the easiest, like water. You can make a bowl of your hands and hold some, but if you squeeze your hands together, the water squirts out."

He wasn't wrong. I was clutching onto them like I had devil's tail, afraid to let go of them, allow them to spread their wings. Despite them doing all they could every day to show how much they loved and cared for me. What was I afraid of?

The others chose that moment to come out. 

"Hello, Master," Julia said. "What have you and your father been discussing out here by yourself?"

"Lots of things," I replied. "Important things, but nothing you need to concern yourself with at the moment. Mother, do you still want to see your husband and I fuck Julia?"

Mom blushed, but she answered, "Yes, I would."

"Just out of curiosity, why?"

"Master has let me fuck others several times. He hasn't had as much opportunity as I have. Only Dawn and Julia the one time and Julia's mother a couple times."

Julia wasn't surprised to hear that, as I thought she might be. She kept quiet, waiting to see where this went.

"I think Dad and I should fuck Julia right now, then Lisa, then fuck you too, and if we have an ounce of juice left in us, fuck Rhonda."

Julia smiled at me. "Are you sure, Master? I don't want you doing anything which you may regret later."

"Yeah, damn sure and I think the bed is big enough to handle it."

Julia took my hand and helped me out of the spa. My cock was already swelling. 

"I see you're close to being ready, Master."

"Look at the beautiful slave I'm going to be fucking with my father," I said. "Who wouldn't be ready at the prospect?"

Sandra helped Dan out of the tub and he looked like he'd be ready as well. Good, he'd need every drop of cum we had in our bodies if we were committed to fucking four different women in a row. We went to the bedroom and pulled back the top bedspread.

"Ass or cunt, Dad?" I asked.

"Doesn't make much difference to me. I intend switching for the next one, but since I've had Julia's cunt already, I'll take her ass."

"Good. I want to be watching her face when you penetrate her ass."

Dad laughed. "Let's hope she enjoys the experience."

"She's a slave. Of course she'll enjoy it. She was pregnant the last time you fucked her. She'll want a more vigorous fucking this time around."

"May I cum, Master?" Julia asked.

"You all have freedom to cum," I replied.

I lay down on the bed, my cock hard. 

"Before she mounts your dick, let me wet mine in her cunt," Dad said.

"No problem," I said.

******

JULIA

I don't know what they'd been talking about when Master and Dan were chatting, but when Master said they were going to fuck me, I smiled. I still had to ensure he was positive, but when he spoke, it was without the slightest hesitation in his voice and a gleam in his eye. Dan stroked into my pussy half a dozen times to wet his wick.

"Damn, this slave is wet," Dan said.

"Continually," Master replied.

Dan pulled out of me and Master lay down on the bed and I mounted his mast, cumming as I did so, already aroused beyond belief. 

"Cumming already, slave? Good thing I gave you permission to cum."

"Yes, Master, a very good thing."

Master spread my buttocks for his father.

"May I insert your prick in her ass, Master," Sandra said.

"Be my guest," Dan said. 

I felt her hand on my rump as his cock touched my crinkled star. "Push in, Master," she said. "Fuck this slave slut's ass."

He slid deep inside me. I hope Master liked the look on my face, as I was cumming again. I provided no resistance to Dan at all until his balls smacked the space between him and my Master's cock. 

"Fuck me, Masters," I whimpered, full to the brim. 

Remembering Master saying I'd like a vigorous fucking, Dan started stroking full length inside my rectum and I moaned at how good it felt. Master kissed me and played with my milk laden breasts and he began a counterpoint thrusting to Dan, entering me when Dan retreated, and pulling out as Dan pushed in. I was orgasming near constantly, one after another. Master sucked on a nipple, taking some milk, like I was feeding Lucas as I was getting fucked. I screamed, so intense was the pleasure. 

"Don't you love making a slave scream?" Dan said, pulling out to the tip of his prick.

"I certainly do," Master said, thrusting up into me again, slamming against my groin. I shuddered, properly skewered on their two cocks.

"Dad was telling me, he and Mom have fucked your parents, Julia, since they decided to fuck people outside of their marriage," Master said. I spasmed to think of it. "It made me think we should invite your father to fill your third hole."

I screamed again, cumming so fucking hard, shaking like a leaf to think of the three men fucking me at once, one of them my father.

"I wonder if he knows he can fuck all of his daughter's holes except her cunt?" Dan asked.

I passed out. I don't know if it was for long. Probably not, because they both still had a good rhythm going, though both of them were now entering me at once, and they weren't at all concerned. Perhaps the changed rhythm awakened me from my inadvertent slumber. I was still moaning. Maybe I hadn't stopped, continuing to moan through my brief loss of consciousness. All I knew was it felt so good and I was loving it. Dan climaxed first, able to move the most, his cock buried in my bottom, throbbing as he filled it with his spunk. Master orgasmed just after, his cock pulsing a load deep inside. It was a good thing I was back on birth control or I might have conceived a second child at that moment. His cock felt like it was through my cervix, buried in my womb. 

Dan pulled out and Sandra had a wet washcloth waiting to clean him. After he was clean, she started sucking him to get him hard for Lisa. Lisa was doing the same for Master. Rhonda was cleaning me, cum leaking from both of my nether holes, they'd emptied so much of themselves into me.

I lay limp, a damp rag, fucked out, watching the activities of the others like it was a dream, except for the tongue of my slave lapping at me, making me cum again. My back arched, moaning. Both of the men were getting hard again, Dan lying down on the bed, Lisa mounting him. Dan spreading her bottom, Master's mom guiding his cock to her back door, his cock slowly disappearing in her bottom as she whimpered, filled. 

I turned to face them, to watch Lisa take the fucking I'd just received. The two Masters finding a rhythm they liked, stroking in and out of Lisa, her flesh clinging to their cocks as they pulled out, surrendering as they pushed in. 

I whispered to her, my thoughts becoming coherent again. "I'm not the only person who's father will be at our bonding ceremony. Your father could fuck your ass, too."

Lisa moaning gutturally, driving backward on the cocks filling her, thinking of her father fucking her as her mother looked on. What twisted creatures we'd become, total whores who'd fuck anyone. Perhaps it was best Master had control of us sexually as I might no longer have any mastery over who I'd be willing to fuck.

I kissed her as she was sandwiched between the two men, smothering her pathetic whimpers in my mouth as the poor girl orgasmed over and over, her body shuddering uncontrollably. What sluts we were; sister slaves in every way.

Master groaned and froze, his cock pulsing his load in Lisa's ass. I finally rose, able to stand, taking the washcloth from Sandy, kissing her as I did so. I threw it in the dirty clothes basket, getting another from the linen closet, soaking it in warm water. Returned to find Master pulling out of my sister slave, Dan still fucking her cunt. I began washing his cock as we saw Sandy begin licking and sucking her son's cum from Lisa's bottom. Dan climaxed, his throbbing prick filling her pussy with his spunk. Sandy moving down to clean Lisa's cunt as his cum started leaking from around his shrinking cock. Engulfing his shaft in her mouth as it slithered from her slave slit.

"Would our Masters like to rest a few minutes before attempting to fuck Sandy, or go straight for it?" I asked. "I could bring you each another glass of wine."

"I wouldn't mind a brief respite before we fuck your mother, son," Dan said. "I'm not a young man anymore."

"I'm not a teenager either, Dad," Master replied. "Please, slave, get us a glass of wine."

"Yes, Master."

I got two new wine goblets and added wine to the halfway point, returning to the bedroom and handing each of them a glass. Perhaps more than refreshments, I could do something else to bring a little steel to their shafts. 

"Sandy, while you wait for our Masters to recover, perhaps I could lick your cunt?"

"I would enjoy that very much, Julia."

Sandra lay back on the bed and parted her legs for me. She had prominent inner labia which descended well below the outer ones. Her hood piercing made her clitoris very sensitive to any stimulation. Realizing Master had passed through her cunt when he was born and I was tasting his birthplace. 

I was curious to determine if the mother tasted much the same as the daughter. I inhaled the scent of her arousal, sharp and acidic, before my tongue went between those lips and tasted her core. A sharper taste, once again leaving me wonder what created the difference in flavors between us. It was more than what we ate. Lisa and I ate the same things all the time, differing only in proportions. Rhonda only ate differently when she was working, eating a mid-shift snack, yet we all tasted differently. Body chemistry, or perhaps other things ingested, like drugs we might need to take. Lisa was on the pill, Rhonda an IUD. I'd switched to a copper IUD so I could have sex faster after Lucas was born. Sandra had gone through menopause, so there was that difference. 

She had two orgasms before she told me to get in a sixty-nine with her and I felt her tongue caressing my folds. Sandra was still not a skilled cunt licker, but I had an orgasm while she had two more before our Masters were ready once again. 

"Turn over, my mother on top," Master ordered. 

We flipped over and Dan entered his wife's cunt, sliding easily through her folds, his sack dangling in my face. Sandra's mouth left my cunt as Master took the other end, the moan of her penetration by Dan turned to gurgle as Master invaded her mouth. I was left with the choice of sucking on his balls or licking her clit and I did both. Roughly two minutes of ball sucking to one of licking. With Dan's fine cock fucking her, she'd have little problem cumming and wouldn't need much of my help. Dan, on the other hand, had cum twice already tonight, and might appreciate my attempts to help him cum again. As it was, Sandra climaxed four more times, and Master orgasmed, filling his mother's mouth with his cream before Dan started pumping his load into his wife. 

When Dan's shrinking cock left Sandy, a trail of his cum followed. I licked up what was leaking from her before sucking his member into my mouth and cleaning him off. Done with Master, Sandy resumed licking my slit, and I went back to her to finish the job I'd only started before, removing the remnants of Dan's cum from her pussy. I managed to cum again, my hips pushing up against Sandra's mouth as I orgasmed. When she climaxed, a few more dribbles of his seed pushed out of her as she convulsed. 

"What do you think, Dad?" Master asked. "We still have Rhonda to fuck."

"I think I'm done for the night," Dan replied. "That was some pretty vigorous fucking."

"If Sandra is going to do much cunt licking, Master Dan, it would be good to send her to Mistress Dark's for a day or two to increase her skill," I said. "She tries, but she's barely adequate. Rhonda would have make me cum three times in the time it took Sandy to make me cum once."

"Can't you train her?" Dan asked. "You did a pretty good job with Cindy from what I could tell. Her Mistress doesn't complain about her cunt licking."

"She was also trained by Mistress Dark and you'd need to leave her here for a couple days," I replied. "Do you trust Master with your slave enough to leave her for that long, and won't you miss having her."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
He laughed. "It would take a couple days with Mistress Dark and it might take a couple days for me to recover from tonight and if I can't trust a son with his mother, I suppose this world is in a bigger pile of shit than I give it credit for. Bring her back to our house when she's proficiently trained. She'll enjoy the extra time with her grandson."

"Yes, Master Dan," I replied. "We'll ensure she's well trained."

"She has enough cunts to practice on, so I hope so."

They kissed before Dan left, a kiss of two people deeply in love. Master walked Dan to the door, thanking him for his advice, whatever it was. 

While he was gone, I said, "Sandra, since I will be in charge of your training, you will address me as Domina. My word will be law except for my Master. Acknowledge me."

"Yes, Domina."

"Rhonda, as the best cunt licker of all of us, will lick yours explaining how best to please a woman. She will take her time. As many times as you orgasm, you will give her the same number, putting her training to use on her first. She's not yet had the opportunity to cum yet tonight so it's your duty to rectify her lack. After she's had an equal number of orgasms as you did, you'll give her three while Master swats your upturned ass. If at any time, you lose concentration on her pussy, Master will double the intensity of his spanking until you're properly concentrating on her cunt. After you're done with Ronda, you'll start on Lisa. If Master is sufficiently recovered by then, he'll fuck your ass while I lick your clit. Again, if you lose concentration on your responsibility of pleasing Lisa, Master will punish your ass. Master has to go to LA tomorrow for a week, so we'll cleanse your ass tomorrow for him to fuck you as you lick the rest of us. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Domina."

"Lie down and spread your legs and Rhonda will give you your instruction."

That's how Master found us when he returned, his mother lying on the bed with Rhonda between her legs teaching her how to lick cunt like a good little slave. In the process of her instruction, Rhonda gave Sandy six orgasms. I considered her most important bit of instruction to be to pay attention to the moans and movements of who you were licking. Always good advice to a slave regardless of whether they were pleasuring a man or a woman.

"Different women like different things. Some like their slit licked, some their taint, some like your fingers in their cunt, others don't, or at least expect you to be satisfying without the use of fingers. Some women like their clits licked, others will find it too sensitive but love having the area around the clit licked. Some women will like the hood covering their clit pushed back so it's exposed, others prefer you not do that. Some women love their clits to be sucked, others don't. Pay attention to what their bodies and whimpers tell you." 

Of course, it wasn't all said in one continuous paragraph, but interspersed with demonstrations and teasing licks and sucks. Of course, Rhonda was an expert in reading the responses of a woman and it only took fifteen minutes to give Sandra her six orgasms. Master's cock was beginning to show signs of life. We hadn't fucked him to exhaustion yet. 

I had Rhonda and Sandy switch positions and his cock really started to rise watching his mother's ass in the air as she practiced on Rhonda. Sandy gave Rhonda three orgasms and I handed Master the Enforcer.

"Start smacking your mother's ass, Master. If Rhonda indicates she's losing focus, you'll swat her harder until her attention is once again on Rhonda's cunt. After Rhonda has three more orgasms, Sandra will practice on Lisa. You may fuck her ass so she can learn how to do so while receiving pleasure herself."

It took only ten minutes for her to give Rhonda the last three orgasms. She was accustomed to receiving rigorous spankings from Dan, so she could largely ignore Master using the paddle on her. It was another story when she was forced to give pleasure as she received it. On the whole, she was never giving pleasure to another as her Master had gratified her; her only responsibility not to cum perhaps until told to do so. As Master fucked her ass and I licked her clit, she had an extremely difficult time concentrating on poor Lisa. It wasn't until Master climaxed and pulled out of her ass, she started getting good enough to give Lisa uninterrupted pleasure. 

"I can see that's something we need to work on while you're here, Sandy. You're piss poor concentrating on the cunt you're supposed to be pleasuring when getting fucked yourself."

"Yes, Domina," Sandra panted.

"Now, lick me to three orgasms, after which you may suck my Master to another, but instead of swallowing his cum; I want you to let him spray it on your face."

She smiled. "Yes, Domina."

"Julia, no," Master said. "I don't want to cum on my mother's face."

"Master Scott," Sandra said, "am I a slave?"

"Well...yes. I suppose you are."

"Did my Master leave you in charge of me for training?

"Yes," Master said.

"Have you baptized other slaves faces with your cum?"

"At various and sundry times, yes."

"And the only reason you don't want to now is because this particular slave is your mother?"

"I suppose."

Master beginning to realize he was losing this argument.

"And you're antsy at the thought of baptizing my face with cum but thought it perfectly natural to spank my ass and fuck it?"

Two points for the slave. Master was silent.

"You're going to anoint my face with cum and your other slaves will lick it off me, aren't you Master Scott?"

"Fine."

"You will treat this slave the same as any other slave with the exception of that which would cause us to commit incest, won't you Master Scott?"

"Yes."

Who ever said slaves have no control over what happened to them? 

I lay down on the bed and spread my legs and waited for my mother-in-law to lick me. She was between them quickly, an obedient slave. Even the little bit of training we'd given her already had done a world of good. She was substantially better than she was earlier this evening. It didn't take but fifteen minutes for her to make me cum three times. Of course, being a slave, I was always orgasmic, but she was at least twice as good.

Then we watched as she sucked her son's prick one last time before we went to sleep. 

"I'd like to aim your cock when you cum on her face, sir," I said. 

Master looked at his mother and she nodded her head, yes. He said, "Agreed." I moved close to him and watched as his mother used every skill she possessed to bring her son to completion. She was very good. Every inch of his prick was teased and pleasured by her dancing tongue.

When Master was close to cumming, we could tell, the expert fellatrix she was and as well as I knew Master. She pulled off Master's cock and I took hold of his shaft, already starting to twitch and throb as his cum made its way from his dangling sack to the head. I aimed his prick at the middle of her face just as a jet of his sperm spurted from the end, hitting her right between the eyes. She'd known what was occurring and closed her eyes, aware how much the salty stuff stung if your eyes were open, so it wasn't the first time she'd been baptized. I was surprised at the amount, though perhaps I shouldn't have been. There was a wicked, erotic thrill to squirting your cream all over your mother's face which undoubtedly spurred his ejaculate past what was normal. The second jet struck her on the nose, blocking both nostrils, so she opened her mouth to breathe. The next jet hit on her tongue. His next pulse left white cream running down her cheek. 

His pulsing slowed, no longer able to reach her face and the next one, dribbled down to the sheets. I pulled her forward so his cock was inside her mouth as the last four or five pulses were deposited on her tongue. When I felt his cock stop spasming, I milked his shaft to get the last of his cum out of him. Before she could swallow, I kissed her, sharing his cum with her, taking some of it for myself. 

I called the others and the three of us gathered what we could of our Master's cum off her face before I got a clean washcloth and wiped what little we missed off her face.

"Welcome to our house, my sister slave," I said, kissing her again.

She smiled. "Yes, Domina. Thank you." 

Lisa slept next to Master, then me and my slave cocooned Sandra between us, our legs twisted in one large knot. I kissed her good night. It was more than a slave's kiss. It was the tender kiss of a woman thankful to the woman who gave me my Master.

******

SCOTT

I woke up the next morning with Mom sucking my cock, the exact way we'd ended it except this time she swallowed the results. Mother might need instruction to lick cunt, but she didn't need anyone teaching her to suck cock. She could give lessons. Next she licked Julia to an orgasm, and then Julia and I got up to fix breakfast while Mother did the other two.

"It's too bad you have to go to LA later, sir. It's not often your mother spends the weekend with us," Julia said with a smile on her face. "It seems to agree with you. I don't think I've ever seen so much cum after you'd already orgasmed four times."

I'd been surprised myself how much cum I'd managed to dredge from my balls to cover Mom's face. I nodded and smiled.

"While I certainly enjoyed the results, I was a little surprised when you decided to let Master Dan fuck us with you, sir. What caused you to change your mind?"

"I was asking him how it didn't bother him to see others fucking Mother. He gave me some words of wisdom I appreciated."

"So you decided to let him fuck us, Master? For his words of wisdom?"

"Not strictly for the the words only. For the meaning of them."

"May a slave know what words he shared with you, sir?"

"Someday," I replied. "I intend to discuss them in our bonding ceremony."

The other three women joined us, Mom still wearing their cum on her face. I took a paper towel, dampened it and gently wiped their remnants from her face, kissing her.

"Good morning, slave," I said. "Are you enjoying your training?"

"Yes, Master," Mother replied. "It's been enjoyable thus far."

The baby monitor went off, and Mom said she'd get the baby for us. She went to the baby's room and soon returned with her grandson. He already had a fresh diaper on and Mom was cuddling his face as she walked. Lisa took over the cooking while Julia sat down and fed Lucas a fat nipple. Rhonda set the table. 

When Lisa put the food on the table, Julia suggested I feed my mother. I smiled at her. 

"Sure, why not?" I said, telling Mom to have a seat in my lap. 

I fed Mother the same as when I fed any other slave, caressing and petting her as I fed her. I made her squirm as I finger fucked her to three orgasms as we ate, leaving her limp and panting on my lap. My cock was standing again and I would have liked nothing more than to push her down over my cock and finish myself in her cunt. Since that was forbidden, I thought I'd have her drain me again with her mouth.

"Why don't you conserve your energy, Master," Julia said. "I'm about to cleanse this slave's ass and then we can play some 'Slave Roulette'.

"Slave roulette?" I asked, curious as to what slave roulette might be."

She smiled at me. "You'll see soon enough, sir. I'm sure you'll enjoy it."

Julia handed the baby to Rhonda to put down in his play pen. She took Mother's hand and started leading her to the bathroom.

"We should be ready to play in about forty minutes, sir," she said as they disappeared. "Why don't the rest of you take quick showers in Rhonda's bathroom to get ready."

Rhonda's shower was not big enough for more than one person at a time. While Rhonda was showering, I asked Lisa if she knew what slave roulette was.

"Not a clue, sir, though I anticipate it will be fun for all."

Lisa took the next shower and I went last. My cock wasn't as hard as it was at breakfast, but some blood remained thinking about what slave roulette might be.

We all returned to the living room and about ten minutes later, Julia called us to join them in the bedroom. I expected to find Mom bound to the bed or something, but she was free, though she was wearing a blindfold.

"The rules of slave roulette are simple," Julia said. "The rules are these: Lisa, Rhonda and I are going to lie down on the bed with our cunts in close proximity to one another. Sandra is going to start licking each of our cunts while blindfolded. First she has to identify the person who's cunt she's licking. Then Master will begin fucking her ass while she licks each of us to one orgasm using her tongue only; no fingers. She needs to keep licking us over and over to another single orgasm in whatever order she chooses. The slave she's licking when Master orgasms in her ass will have to lick her clean and give her three more orgasms of her own, while the other two slaves clean Master.

"The second part of the game is this. She will begin sucking Master while the other three slaves fuck her cunt with a strapless in vibrator mode. The slave who is fucking her when Master cums in her mouth will get in a sixty-nine with her so they may clean each others cunts. They may give each other three more orgasms."

"A wonderful game, Domina," Sandra said. "I look forward to playing."

So did I. The three slaves playing got into position and I helped Mom onto the bed where all she had to do was bend down and she could lick one. Lisa was on the left, Rhonda in the middle and Julia on the right. She leaned over and she was in Rhonda's cunt. 

"Mmmm," Mother said, "This one is Rhonda for sure. I believe she's got the sweetest pussy I've ever tasted." 

She felt around a little to find the next woman, going down to taste the moist cunt in front of her. It was Julia. She lapped to damp folds. 

"Julia," she said. "She's a wee bit more tart than Lisa. Am I right?"

"Finish up," I said, "you've one more. The last one is to your left."

She felt around until she found the third pussy. She leaned over and tasted it. "Yes, less tart, not as sweet as Rhonda. This one is Lisa."

"Now for the first part of slave roulette," I said pushing into her bottom, plunging all the way in. "Lick them in any order you wish, one orgasm apiece. When I cum in your ass, the one you're licking is the one who will lick you clean. We'll see if you were right. Try not to make noises as you're licked, slaves, so as not to give your positions away."

I started fucking her and she started with the cunt she'd just tasted. She was still having problems concentrating when she orgasmed, but she was improving. Lisa orgasmed within a few minutes and she moved to Rhonda. She wasn't allowed to use her fingers, but it didn't stop Rhonda from holding her head against her cunt as she climaxed. We had to readjust position slightly for her to move on to Julia, but I didn't have to leave her ass, just shift my knees slightly. Good thing I'd cum once this morning already, though feeding her breakfast had left me ready for more. She gave Julia her orgasm and she went back to the middle, not having to move much to do so. If she continued, it would make Rhonda twice as likely to win the game of roulette as each of the others, but if she was sure it was Rhonda and she both tasted sweeter to the tongue and was better at licking cunt, it was to her eventual advantage.

Rhonda climaxed again and we had to shift slightly for her to lick Lisa. I could feel the forthcoming orgasm begin to stir on my balls, an increasing tension. I hoped I could hold off until Mom reached Julia. I'd like to see my wife sucking my cum from Mom's ass. Alas it wasn't to be. Lisa managed to cum and Mom moved to Rhonda and before Rhonda climaxed, I sent a river of cum into my mother's rectum. I was groaning and the three slaves could see I was cumming. They weren't blindfolded as Mom was.

"You can remove your blindfold now," I said. 

Mother took it off and looked at the three women lined up in front of her.

"I was right," she said, smiling, "and it's Rhonda who will clean your cum from my ass."

"You may sit on my face," Rhonda said. "It will be easier for me to do a more complete job."

Lisa and Julia got up and sucked my cock, not enough to get me hard again, but just clean me off. After all, we had the second part of the game to play. Rhonda's tongue was delving as deep as it could go in Mom's posterior, now she'd been cleansed, scooping all the cum she could gather. Julia got up and got three strapless vibrators for the next part of the game. It didn't take Rhonda long to give Mom the requisite orgasms. 

"I'm reasonably certain we'll be able to tell if you're cumming, slave," Julia said, "but since your mouth will be full of hard cock, tap Master's leg each time you have a definitive orgasm. Let me know if she neglects her duties and loses concentration, Master. If she does, she'll get her ass smacked again."

"Yes, Domina." Mom wiggled her ass back at Julia as if she was daring her to spank her. All three of them laughed.

For the last part of the game, I got comfortable, lying on the bed and Mom got between my legs and started sucking my still limp cock. Lisa started fucking her first. When she gave Mom an orgasm, she tapped my leg and the women switched up and Rhonda started fucking her. With the strapless in vibrator mode, Mom was cumming frequently, every three or four minutes, and having been well drained twice already, Mother needed to work far harder than when she sucked me this morning. Rhonda made her cum, then Julia, and as far as I could tell, the skill she exhibited on my shaft never wavered from wonderful. Lisa started for the second time, then Rhonda and she was still going strong, though I felt I was getting pretty close. Mom climaxed and Julia took over. 

Julia fucked her hard, driving deep with each stroke, nearly pushing her off my prick she was smacking against her so hard. Mom braced herself to keep sucking me and as soon as she moaned through her next climax, I gave up the ghost and filled her mouth with my sperm. Julia was slamming her so hard she couldn't swallow it all, practically knocked off my knob with each thrust. Some spilled out of her mouth, some ran down my cock and into my balls. Apparently it was one hell of a climax Mother had. She was shaking and shuddering with each thrust.

It finally ended and Julia stopped, pulling out, letting Mom recover.

"You didn't manage to swallow every drop of his cum," Julia said. "You won't be punished if you gather it up in your mouth now."

So Mom slithered her tongue around my groin area, looking to collect what she'd missed. I felt her lapping and sucking my balls, licking my pubic hair, and finally she was satisfied.

"Did I get it all, Domina?" Mom asked, sitting back on her heels.

"I think you did, slave. Good job. Now you must lick your cum from each of the strapless vibrators, while each of us lick ours off. When they look clean, Rhonda will wash them and place them in the chargers and you and I can get down to business. You may start with mine. I've already cleaned my end."

Each of them looked thick with the cum of all four slaves. Mom started with Julia's, while Rhonda and Lisa cleaned their ends. When she was done, she handed it to Rhonda, and received hers to clean. She licked that one, handed to to Rhonda and Lisa gave Mom hers. Rhonda left for the bathroom and Julia and Mom got in a sixty-nine. I went to take a shower. When I returned, Mom had given Julia her third orgasm. Julia had already stopped as Mom had gotten her three already. Both of them had faces well covered in girl cum. I told them to clean up and we'd eat lunch together before I had to go.

I packed for two weeks. I was going to go this week and next, as I'd be breaking off Wednesday night next week for the bonding ceremony. I didn't want Jerry to go for three days, then I'd be back again. I'd go for eleven days straight, have four days off with my slaves in LA, then come back home for a week while Jerry took that one after he came down on Friday for the bonding ceremony on Saturday. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
At lunch, I fed Julia along with my instructions for the next two weeks. 

"I'm going to work straight through to next Wednesday," I said. "I want you to send your workers home next Wednesday at noon and come to LA. We'll be staying with Brianna. We'll have a few days before the ceremony to relax and enjoy ourselves, perhaps do some shopping for clothes or something to wear for the ceremony."

"Aren't we going to be naked, Master?" Lisa asked. "I thought it was the whole point of moving the ceremony to Brianna's?"

"Well, there's bare ass naked, and then there's incredibly sexy. Sometimes a hint of clothing or hint of nudity is even more sexy than just nude," I said. 

"He's right, you know," Sandra said. "We'll go shopping next Saturday and pick out some nice clothes. Everyone at the ceremony will want to fuck you, trust me."

Julia was close to cumming. She'd begun to grind herself against my hand, currently stroking the outside of her pussy. 

"You don't have permission to cum, slave," I whispered.

She gave a frustrated groan, but said, "Yes, Master," and ceased trying to cum. I continued to stroke her.

"The party bus will begin picking people up on Friday morning at nine AM. Try to encourage people to meet at a few houses so it doesn't have to make thirty stops. I've booked the motel rooms, but there were enough people we needed to book at two motels. We'll be the only ones staying at Brianna's except for the Thornhills. Everyone else will have their own hotel rooms. They've been told the times they'll be picked up by the party bus. The bus will bring them to the estate on Saturday in time for the ceremony."

"We'll manage, Master," Julia said. "I'm only disappointed we won't see you for so long. You know how much we need to fuck."

"Perhaps I can arrange something for this weekend," I said.

"We could come for the weekend?" Lisa said hopefully.

"No," I replied. "I'm going to be busy all weekend to make up for the work missed the following week. I'll think of something."

"Yes, sir," Lisa said. 

I finally let Julia cum twice before I let her get up and feed Lucas. I said my goodbyes to each of them, kissing each in turn. It was Lisa who drained my cock just before I left. Their last gift to me before they arrived in LA. It was the longest I was going to be parted from them since we started. The previous longest only a week. I was going to miss all my slaves a great deal. 

******

JULIA

After we put Lucas down for his afternoon nap, I asked, "Sandy, would you like to sit in the hot tub for awhile before we continue your training?"

"How long do you estimate my training will take, Domina? I'm beginning to miss my Master."

"If you wish, you may call him and let him know I'll return you after work tomorrow. I think the completion of your training will consist of pleasing all of my workers tomorrow. Your daughter did the same to begin her training, but she was expecting to have a Mistress. You have a Master, so I won't be tying you down to do so. I will make allowances for you being Master's mother and let you do it however you wish to. You'll be expected to do so three times, a morning break, lunch break and afternoon break." 

"Yes, Domina, and a break in the hot tub would be welcome. Your Master fucked my ass quite vigorously, not to mention how hard you fucked my cunt. I don't normally get this much sex."

I smiled at her. "Neither do we. Master seems to enjoy fucking his mother. It's made him able to get erections more frequently than we normally see. He was the same with your daughter. I think the taboo nature of the act. Would you like a glass of wine while you soak?"

"Please, Domina."

"Rhonda, please bring a bottle of wine and four glasses to the hot tub," I told my slave.

"Yes, Domina."

Lisa, Sandra and I went out on the patio and started the spa, climbing in. Rhonda joined us a short while later with an open bottle and four glasses. Rhonda was off tonight, so she felt comfortable drinking. She climbed into the hot tub with us after handing us our glasses and I pulled her into my lap. It was important for a Dominant to pay attention to her slave often.

"Have you enjoyed Master fucking you, Sandy?" Lisa asked. It was a question I'd wanted to ask as well, so I listened closely as she answered.

Sandra blushed and lowered her head, unable to meet our gazes. 

"I have," she said. "It's like fucking my Master twenty years ago. The son is much like the father."

"Please don't be ashamed, slave," I said. "We were surprised about the laws in California as well. It seems miraculous to me he can fuck his mother anywhere but her cunt. I enjoy fucking your husband for much the same reason. I feel it might be similar to fucking my Master in twenty years, and I'm happy to see Master Dan still retains much of his vigor. It's nice to know Master might still be fucking me the same a long time from now. Have you discussed fucking Cindy at all? Two of her holes are available to Master Dan and every hole is available to you, her mother."

She blushed again. "We have, Domina," she whispered.

"Cindy will be an expert cunt licker when you see her again. She'll get lots of practice." I took another sip of wine. "Of course, so will you before we're done. It will be fun seeing you pleasure one another. I'm sure Brianna wouldn't mind Cindy and you licking each others cunts. She enjoyed watching you do it before. She'll want someone else monitoring Dan fucking Cindy to ensure no laws are broken. Probably Zoe or Dawn. It's who she used when Master went to visit and was given time with his sister."

"What are your plans for my additional training today, Domina?" Sandy asked.

"I shall put you in a Slave Trainer," I said. "You'll be expected to make all three of us cum three times in twenty-five total minutes. By my estimation, it takes you roughly fifteen minutes to give me three, which means you need to improve by forty or so percent. You need to go from 45 minutes for the three of us to 25 for all three. As slaves, we're naturally orgasmic and cum rather easily and tend to cum easier the more frequently we cum. Rhonda can easily make me cum three times in ten minutes, often quicker. I want you to have that level of expertise. You won't be allowed to cum until you can do all three of us in twenty-five. You'll be timed as you lick us. If it doesn't meet your goal, you'll start again after a brief rest, until you can."

"What's a 'Slave Trainer', Domina?" Sandy asked.

"The thing you wore during the poker game, when you were serving the table," I said.

"The most fiendish device ever invented," Lisa replied. 

"It keeps you on the edge of your orgasm forever without allowing you to cum," Rhonda said, "unless your Dominant overrides the device." 

"Shit. I remember. It was horrible."

"It was used to train me to deep throat my Master and encourage me to swallow his cum, which I was reluctant to do when my slavery started," I said. "I wasn't allowed to cum unless I swallowed his semen."

"What's the longest you've ever had to wear the device, Domina?" Sandra asked.

"One full day for Dominating Mistress Dark's two slaves when they came to pick up some of our furniture and learn all of its functions. I was also caned. I'm sorry to say, my rashness caused my sister slave to suffer much of the same fate."

"Hopefully," Lisa said, "Julia has learned not to mess with other Dominant's slaves unless she has permission."

"Yes. I learned a very painful lesson. Even Master, who didn't want me to be caned, allowed it because he knew how terrible he would feel if someone else tried to do the same with us."

We all finished our glass of wine then divided the rest of the bottle between us, which wasn't much. I wondered if the alcohol would make Sandy's job easier or harder. We certainly didn't need alcohol to loosen our inhibitions. We no longer had any.

The last of the bottle gone, I said, "We should get started now. I expect you to need to go through the cycle three or more times before you're competent. We'll retire to the bedroom again."

I helped Sandy out of the spa and we all dried off before going into the house again. I put the Slave Trainer on Sandy and we climbed onto the bed, the three of us lying close together with our legs slightly overlapping each other so Sandra wouldn't have to move far to start on the next one. I turned on the Slave Trainer and when Sandy was poised at Lisa's cunt, started the timer. I was the last in line.

By the time I had my third orgasm, the timer was long past and over 42 minutes had passed. 

"About what I expected," I said, "about fourteen minutes apiece. We'll take a brief ten minute rest and start again."

"You're at peak arousal now," Sandra said. "Can't I start in right away." She'd licked her way to nine orgasms and her face was covered in our cum.

"I'm at peak arousal. The others have gone without any stimulation for at least fourteen minutes. Your tongue will be tired if you jump into it again and if you think you can make us cum more quickly with a tired tongue, you're sadly mistaken. Take a little time to rest and clean off your face. Think about what you did and how you can improve your performance. Stretch a little. You've been kneeling in a cramped position for almost forty-five minutes."

"She's not wrong, Sandy," Rhonda said. "Keep in mind it's the total time involved in making us cum three times, not how fast you can get the first one off. You might spend more time in building to the first orgasm and make us cum three times faster for the build up."

"Okay, but I need to cum so desperately," Sandy said. "Maybe just a quick one, Domina."

I smiled at her. "Sorry. That's not how this works."

"Damn."

She got up and washed her face, then stretched. Her fluids were running down her legs, in a state of high stimulation for close to an hour. She got a towel and wiped them down. We each stretched a little ourselves, then got back into position, though not the same one. This time I was in the middle. I waited until Sandra was in position to start on Rhonda before starting the timer again. She took a little of Rhonda's advice, going for a slightly longer buildup before going in for the kill.

"Thirty-five minutes," I announced. "A seven minute improvement, so much better, slave. Let's take another ten minute break."

I was feeling great. Six orgasms in less than two hours with more to come.

"Domina, please let me cum!" Sandy pleaded. 

"If I let you cum, you won't be as motivated," I stated matter of factly. "The more desperate you are, the better you'll do. You know how hard you sucked for that cum during the poker game each time someone won. You were dying to cum. This is the same."

We took another break and lined up again. This time I was first in line. I started the timer. Sandra began dining on my pussy.

"Twenty-nine minutes," I announced when Lisa climaxed for the third time. "A little less than ten minutes per each person for three orgasms. Another substantial improvement, slave."

"Domina, please let me cum. I've been in this thing for over two and a half hours. I need to cum so badly. I'm begging you."

"And look at the improvements you've made because you need to cum. No, I'm sorry, but you'll just have to wait until you're successful. Another break people. Why don't we make it fifteen minutes this time. I know Sandy's tongue must be getting weary."

Of course, the longer the break, the longer it would be before Sandra could orgasm. 

I received an alert on my phone. "Oh dear, this Slave Trainer's battery is about to give out. Lisa, would you be a dear and get the other one. As soon as it's in place, we'll have the slave clean her old one."

"Of course," Lisa said. She got up and retrieved the fully charged one. I removed the old one and replaced it with the new one. Sandy groaned despondently when I turned it on. 

I handed her the old one, thick with her juices as she'd been kept on the edge for several hours. "Lick it clean and then wash it. Lisa will show you how to charge it, though I hope we won't need to put this one on you again tonight."

"Yes, Domina." She put the creamy phallus like protuberance in her mouth and licked it clean. She should be used to the taste of cunt by now. Twenty-seven orgasms she'd given and counting, since she'd need to do at least nine more to complete her challenge. Her face glistened with the moisture of eighteen of those twenty-seven orgasms smeared on her face.

"You might want to wash your face again. The older cum is getting crusty," Lisa said. "It decreased the enjoyment I felt the last time you licked me. Almost like dealing with the whiskers of a man instead of the softness of a woman's face."

"Okay." 

Sandy washed her face and returned with a look of determination on her face. "I'm going to cum after this round," she declared. "I need to cum after this round or I'm going to die."

"Why don't you start with Lisa, then Rhonda, then me. I'll tell you how long you've taken after each one so you know how hard you have to work for the remainder."

"Yes, Domina, please."

"Your break is over, slave. You may start any time."

Sandy started with Lisa and she worked hard to make her cum. Yet when she finished, it was slightly over ten minutes. When I told her she wailed in desperation. "I'm never going to cum again. You were right, my tongue is getting tired."

Time passing, she dived into Rhonda's cunt like a starving man getting his first meal in a month. Despite her enthusiasm, it was still four minutes before Rhonda had her first. When I announced it, Sandy wailed again. 

"Shall I tell her, Julia?" Lisa said, leaning on her arm watching.

"Why not," I replied.

"Your Domina never instructed you not to use your hands and fingers, slave," Lisa said, laughing. "No wonder your tongue is tired. It's the only thing you're using."

Sandy moaned and slipped two fingers into Rhonda's wetness. Rhonda quickly had a second, her back arching as she climaxed. The third followed shortly after. 

"Eight minutes, slave. You need to get me off three times in seven minutes," I said as she moved to me, parting my legs to facilitate her face. 

She slipped three fingers into my cunt, the middle one rubbing against my g-spot. I had my first two orgasms in five minutes. 

"Two minutes left, slave."

One of her fingers left my wet slit and probed my asshole, making me jump. She slid her fingers back and forth quickly, fucking me with them like the slave she was. I felt my arousal starting to peak and thought briefly of resisting it as long as I could. Then I took pity on her and relaxed into the last one, climaxing just before the twenty-five minute alarm went off. Sandy knew I was cumming, my contractions squeezing her fingers and moaned, her travails over. She moaned in relief. I turned off the orgasm override and Sandy screamed through her first orgasm in over three hours of stimulation.

I let her have two more before I shut the device off.

"Please, Domina, let me have a couple more." What a slave.

I bent over, kissing her cum smeared face, tasting myself.

"Rhonda, I think this slave should learn the joys of tribbing, since she doesn't have a cock to fuck. Take the Slave Trainer off, put it on the charger and then why don't you show her the other ways females may pleasure each other while I get Lucas for his feeding. You may each cum as often as you want."

I left Lisa watching as Rhonda began to explain to Sandy what tribbing was. I went to Luke's room and picked him up. He was awake, but hadn't started to cry yet, just watching the mobile above his crib. I checked his diaper and it needed changing, so I took care of the diaper first. When he was clean and dry, I put him to a nipple and he started to draw his supper. I walked back to our bedroom and Sandy and Rhonda were scissoring, having removed their slave badges so they could rub their cunts together. Sandra was cumming, her hood piercing a boon for tribbing as it stimulated the clit even more than merely rubbing wet cunts could do. 

"Rhonda, switch with Lisa, and then we'll have some supper after Lucas is fed. The new slave may fix it."

Lisa took Rhonda's place, showing her another way to rub together, almost a missionary position since they both had high slits and protruding clits. It allowed them to face each other and kiss, and rub breasts as well. Sandy had her legs wrapped around Lisa's ass as they squirmed together. 

When I told them to stop and for Sandy to fix supper, I switched Lucas to the other nipple as the first was becoming sore. We went to the kitchen. 

"What do you want, Domina?" Sandra asked, looking through the refrigerator. 

"I don't care as long as it's quick. Having lots of orgasms always makes me starving."

"There's this Stouffer's Grandma's Chicken Rice Bake in the freezer, Domina. It can be microwaved and baked in 35 minutes."

"Fine with me if no one else has a preference."

No one had an objection and she started the food, setting the kitchen table for four. Lucas eventually stopped trying to get milk. He was sucking a nipple now as little more than a pacifier. I handed him to Lisa who put him on one of hers as he wasn't hungry anymore. Still, it was soothing to have his tiny mouth sucking gently. 

"I'm thinking of trying to get pregnant sometime later this year," Lisa said. "Would you have an objection, Julia?"

"You know you're welcome to get pregnant any time you wish, sister slave. Master's only requirement was we not be pregnant at the same time. I can't see getting pregnant again for at least three years. It would make a nice balance between Master's three children, giving them several brothers or sisters to play with."

Sandy put her arm around Lisa saying, "You're just like a daughter to me, Lisa. All of you are like daughters. I'll enjoy your child so much."

I laughed. "So you like fucking your daughters, slave. How perverted are you?"

"Pretty damn perverted, Domina," Sandy laughed back.

"Good, because you're not done yet tonight. You have a lot more cunt licking to do."

"Please, no more Slave Trainer, Domina."

"I think we can dispense with the Slave Trainer unless I notice you're forgetting your lessons."

We had a lovely meal and I fed the new slave, caressing her as I did all slaves I fed, tasting her with my food. I ensured she had a couple orgasms as she wouldn't for awhile during her next bout of training. Sandra took her grandchild to bed and put her down for the time being, while we cleaned up the kitchen. Sandra returned and we adjourned to the bedroom once more. 

"What are my instructions now, Domina?" She asked.

"You will pleasure each of us for fifteen minutes, giving us as many orgasms as you can. Anything less than five orgasms will be considered failure and it's back on the Slave Trainer again."

"May I use my fingers, Domina?"

I smiled at her, already learning. "Yes, you may. You may use anything but a vibrator, though anything else you use must be accompanied by your mouth."

"Yes, Domina."

"Why don't you begin with Lisa. I will go last. My slave will keep me entertained while I wait. As soon as I set my timer, you can begin. Lisa, count off each orgasm you have?" 

Lisa lay down and spread her legs and Master's mother got between them waiting. I started my watch timer said "begin". Sandy began using every skill learned in the last two days to bring Lisa off. I directed Rhonda to lie on the bed so I could mount her face and watch. It took around four minutes before Lisa had her first, but the rest followed quickly. I was cumming as well; Rhonda's facile tongue doing a marvelous job on my cunt. When the timer went off, Lisa had six.

"You will lick Rhonda's pussy while she is pleasuring me. I want you to pay attention to how many orgasms I have even though she is being stimulated as well. When you do me; I will be sitting on your face as I am hers and Rhonda will be licking you. If you give me any fewer than one less than she does while she's being pleasured, you will fail and it's back on the Slave Trainer you go. Of course, she must have a minimum of five during your fifteen minutes of pleasuring her or you fail and you'll wear the Slave Trainer all night. Do you understand, slave?"
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"Yes. Domina."

"Prepare yourself and start when I say begin. Rhonda, stop for a moment. I don't want you starting until I say begin either. Since your mouth will be occupied with my cunt, I want you to raise a hand each time you have an orgasm." I rose up off her mouth, allowing her to answer.

"Yes, Domina," she answered. Such a lovely slave.

I reset my watch timer for another fifteen minutes. As I lowered myself onto Rhonda's mouth again, I said, "Begin."

Both women started pleasuring their assigned cunts. I knew Rhonda was good. She pleasured me all the time and had learned long ago to pay attention to my gratification before her own. Sandy still had problems with her concentration, more so when she was cumming than when she was punished. I was not surprised when I had six orgasms in the same time Rhonda had five. Sandy had just succeeded in meeting her quota. 

"Rhonda gave me six orgasms, slave. You must give me at least five in fifteen minutes even though Rhonda will be making you cum. You've had difficulty concentrating while you orgasm before. You might end up wearing a Slave Trainer all night long, you poor girl."

"I won't Domina. I'll be successful. You'll see."

"Yes, we will. Lie on the bed. When Rhonda is ready, I'll lower myself onto your lips."

I waited for her to get ready, Rhonda to get between her legs and for me to reset the timer. "Begin," I said, lowering myself over Sandra's lips. Her tongue speared into me while a finger lightly rubbed my clit. She gave me one, then a finger went into my back door while her lips nibbled on my clitoris. It felt very good and I climaxed quickly. Then, she surprised me by using two fingers to penetrate my pussy, her thumb to stroke my needy clit while her tongue probed my bottom. I had two quick orgasms from that. Confident she had me now, she sucked my clitoris lightly while two fingers remained inside my cunt stroking in and out. I had the fifth orgasm, protecting her from the Slave Trainer. Just before time expired, she gently bit my clit and I exploded into a sixth orgasm. She played me as though Rhonda was ignoring her, causing me to look behind me to see if Rhonda was even trying to make her cum. Rhonda's tongue was buried deep in her pussy. 

"Did you cum?" I asked her.

"Four times, Domina," Sandra admitted. "It would have been more but I was concentrating on you so much, I ignored what Rhonda was doing to me. I didn't want to wear the Slave Trainer again."

"You made me cum six times, so you even tied Rhonda, which I never expected you to do. As your reward, we'll each make you cum three times for a total of nine. Your choice as to whether you just lie back and enjoy it or participate in a sixty-nine."

"I'll sixty-nine with Lisa and Rhonda, but I'll enjoy your tongue alone, Domina."

I smiled at her. "I'll let the others go first then. I'll do you last."

"Thank you, Domina."

A hard working slave deserved her pleasure. It was still fairly early, so they took their time. When Lisa had made Sandy cum three times, Rhonda took over. Again, there was no rush. They both took their time as their were not time or quota limits to reach. The orgasms they had were very satisfying to both. I was stroking my slaves bottom as they cuddled together, heads burrowed between each others legs, soft languorous moans escaping their lips. They finished.

"Since you're not going to lick me," I said, "you might as well wash your face, or even take a shower. Get comfortable. I'll take care of you when you're refreshed."

"Thank you, Domina."

"Why don't the three of you shower," I said. "I'll get mine after I've pleasured Sandra."

They went into the bathroom to shower. Rhonda had to leave for work soon. It would be only the three of us sleeping in bed tonight. While they were showering, Master called.

"Hello, Master," I said. "I'm glad you made it safely to LA. How is everyone?"

"Everyone is good. I have some instructions for you. I'd like you to follow them explicitly. Do you understand?"

"Of course, Master. Whatever you wish."

"Has Mother gone home yet?"

"No, Master. We decided to keep her another day. She's to pleasure all my women workers tomorrow."

"When is she going home?"

"Tomorrow night after work, I'll bring her home."

"Check with Dad first, but if he's willing, let her pleasure Sean as well."

"I will, sir."

"Then I want you and Lisa to bring her home. I want Dad to fuck both of you, in whatever manner he deems appropriate. He left Mother in my care. I feel it only fair he fuck both of you as well."

"As you wish, Master." 

He'd let his father fuck us before, so I wasn't totally surprised by his request. Surprised perhaps he'd let it happen without being there to control it, though according to the law, his father could fuck any hole he wished without consequence as I was not a direct relation, nor was any of his other slaves.

"Next, on Thursday night, I've arranged for Edward, Rob and Regina to come over. They will come over around seven. Ed and Rob will take turns fucking you and Lisa as Rhonda provides whatever services Regina requires. They will leave when it's time for Rhonda to get ready for work."

I was surprised. This would be the first time Master let us fuck anyone other than his father since the three week experiment ended. Nor would he even be here. He was gone. Not that any of them would do anything to harm us. Rhonda would ensure we were not abused. But this was quite the shock.

"Are you sure you want us to do this, Master? Fuck other men?"

"I just told you to fuck Dad, didn't I. You readily agreed. Why do you question my desire to have you fuck others?"

"I thought perhaps your father was a special case, Master, due to you fucking your mother. Perhaps you considered it special circumstances given he is your father. As it had happened before in front of you, it was different somehow. Other men makes it more like our initial slavery, which you didn't like, and you won't even be here."

"But I want it to happen now. I have four days to change my mind if I wish, but unless I specifically contact you and prohibit it, this is what I expect you to do."

"I will let Lisa know, sir, what your wishes are."

"Where is Lisa?"

"Taking a shower with Rhonda and your mother. May I ask why you wish us to do this?"

"As you said, it's going to be a long time before you get my cock again. I'm trying to ensure you get what you need."

"I was bemoaning your absence, Master; not requesting other cocks to fuck. As I've told you many times before, we're very satisfied with our status and don't need other men to make us happy."

"I understand, but I want you to do this anyway. I want you to fuck them. Will you comply?"

"I'm your obedient slave, Master. I will obey."

"Next Friday night, Jerry and Reneé will be coming over for two nights. They will be given the Master bedroom. Lisa is to stay there on Friday and give them her full sex slave attention. You will be going to Chen's, right next door, taking Lucas with you. You will do whatever they want you to do for them. You will be his sex slave and he can learn what he will be facing when Janet has her baby. On Saturday night, you'll switch. Lisa will go to Chen's and you're to provide full slave service to Jerry and Reneé."

Was Master trying to ensure all the men who'd fucked us before fucked us again? Why was he doing this? I needed to speak to Lisa about it. Perhaps we could talk him out of it before Thursday. I was uncomfortable fucking other men since I knew Master hated it so.

Lisa, Rhonda and Sandy chose that moment to come out after having finished their shower. I told Master they were present and put the phone on speaker so they could all hear and speak.

"Ah, Mother. Are you enjoying yourself?"

"I've been well taken care of," she replied. "Domina has ensured I will be a pleasing cunt licker to any woman Master wishes me to fuck. I imagine we'll be taking advantage of Dawn in the future. It will require service in kind to Mistress Brianna."

Master adjusted the camera and showed Zoe and Cindy pleasuring one another on the bed.

"Say hello to your mother, slave."

Cindy lifted her face out of Zoe's liquid cunt and said, "Hi, Mom."

"Hello, darling girl," Sandy replied. 

"Master Scott is going to have me suck his cock while he licks my pussy, Mom. It will be fun having you watch."

"Our Domina will be licking me," Sandra said. "It will be fun having you watch me cum."

"Before we do that," Master said, "I have one more set of instructions for now. On Sunday, Mom and Dad will come over. You will provide full slave services to both of them as Father wishes."

"We understand, Master," Lisa replied. "We'll do as you wish."

She didn't yet know of the other instructions Master had given me. How we'd be fucking all the other players in the poker games, a few at a time. I would discuss it with her later.

"Instead of everyone trying to watch everyone else at the same time; why don't you and Cindy start, Master and we'll watch you, then you can watch us?" Lisa said.

"Excellent plan, slave. Thank you," Master replied.

******

SCOTT

I was spending the night at Brianna's to save the cost of one more night at the motel. I considered long and hard what I'd told my slaves to do. Something my father had told me made so much sense to me. I'd spent an hour or so making arrangements with the others. All of them questioned what I was doing, not leaping at the opportunity to fuck my slaves. I told them all I was quite positive I knew what I was doing by offering my slaves services to all of them. 

Chen was the most questioning, having recently married his own slave and having a child due with her. He knew where he stood on the subject of his slave being used by others and it didn't extend to other men. 

"This doesn't have anything to do with the Bonding Ceremony in two weeks, does it?" Chen asked.

"Partly, though not exclusively. Certainly, it will all be made clear then," I replied.

"Far be it from me to question what you do with your own slaves, Scott. You were instrumental in my obtaining mine. I only wish to be sure I'm not stepping on your toes if I accept."

"No, you're not stepping on my toes. There is a method to my madness. Honestly, it's fine."

Of course, it would be helpful I wasn't at home witnessing everything about to happen to my slaves. It still bothered me, but it wouldn't be as bad if I wasn't watching it happen in front of my eyes, though I wanted a record of it. 

"So Julia will be at my house with Lucas on Friday night and Lisa on Saturday?"

"That's the plan. I want you to take full advantage of their services. On Friday, you can learn what you're about to go through with Janet. Do you know the sex of the child yet?"

"Oh yeah. She's a girl. It's going to be tricky raising a girl. I don't want her emulating her mother unless it's something she truly desires for herself. Might have to go to a part time slavery like your father did after she reaches a year or so old."

"Lucas is going to be raised in an odd environment anyway. Me with essentially two wives and one of them with her own slave. It's hard to imagine him growing up without a thorough indoctrination in Dominance/submission."

"We'll have to keep a close eye on him when he's playing with my daughter."

"I agree. With all kids probably."

Brianna was kind enough to loan me Cindy and Zoe. Of course, there would be payment due for the loan. Nothing was free in this life. I watched Zoe and Cindy together for awhile, enjoying the sight of my ex-girlfriend and sister busily satisfying one another to several orgasms. Zoe hadn't worked quite as hard to shed her baby weight as Julia had, but she had lost most of it and her ass was back to being the third best I'd ever seen, behind only Marcia's and now my sister's. Marcia couldn't get pregnant, so hers might remain pristine for a lot longer. It was still possible Zoe would get back to second place if she worked on it. Might as well get this over before I started having second thoughts. I initiated a FaceTime call to Julia.

I found out Mom was staying tomorrow to satisfy all the women workers. I told Julia to check with Dad but if he was agreeable, Mom should satisfy Sean in addition to the women. After all, she was a heterosexual slave. Julia said she would. Then I started telling her the other things I wanted her to do next week, starting with Dad fucking her and Lisa tomorrow when they returned Mom. She wasn't surprised I was going to have Dad fuck her, but she was surprised when I told her she'd be fucking the Strong twins on Thursday. She seriously questioned me about that. 

"Are you sure you want us to do this, Master? Fuck other men?"

"I just told you to fuck Dad, didn't I. You readily agreed. Why do you question my desire to have you fuck others?"

"I thought perhaps your father was a special case, Master, due to you fucking your mother. Perhaps you considered it special circumstances given he is your father. As it had happened before in front of you, it was different somehow. Other men makes it more like our initial slavery, which you didn't like, and you won't even be here."

"But I want it to happen now. I have four days to change my mind if I wish, but unless I specifically contact you and prohibit it, this is what I expect you to do."

"I will let Lisa know, sir, what your wishes are."

"Where is Lisa?"

"Taking a shower with Rhonda and your mother. May I ask why you wish us to do this?"

"As you said, it's going to be a long time before you get my cock again. I'm trying to ensure you get what you need."

"I was bemoaning your absence, Master; not requesting other cocks to fuck. As I've told you many times before, we're very satisfied with our status and don't need other men to make us happy."

She didn't look happy to be obeying me in my latest request.

"I understand, but I want you to do this anyway. I want you to fuck them. Will you comply?"

"I'm your obedient slave, Master. I will obey." Still unhappy. I liked she wasn't eager to obey. It made it easier.

Then I told her about Jerry and Reneé and Chen and Janet on Friday and Saturday. This didn't make her any happier, though she said she'd do as I commanded her.

The others entered the room and Julia set the phone down so I could speak to all of them. I greeted Mom and asked her how she was doing. She said she was fine and becoming a proper cunt licker. I imagined watching her and Cindy licking each other and my cock began springing up like daisies in April.

I showed them Zoe and Cindy buried in each other's cunts and told Cindy to greet her mother. Cindy lifted out of Zoe's groin showing us her cum covered face. She greeted her mother then took it another step.

"Master Scott is going to have me suck his cock while he licks my pussy, Mom. It will be fun having you watch," suddenly turning the call into a whole different thing; my Mother watching her son and daughter pleasure each other. What would she say to that?

"Our Domina will be licking me," Mom said. "It will be fun having you watch me cum." 

I guess the thought of watching her son and daughter didn't bother her in the slightest, but I had fucked her ass and had her suck me earlier today. I guess what was good for the goose was good for the goslings. 

Before the show started, I had one more command I wished to impart. I told them Dad and Mom would be coming over on Sunday and they were to provide whatever slave services Dad wished them to impart. Lisa was quick to say they would obey. They'd spent Saturday night getting double teamed by Dad and I. She assumed I had no objection to my father fucking her and they'd spent the last twenty-four hours training Mother how to lick cunt. I wondered what she'd say when Julia informed her of the other orders I'd given. Lisa suggested Cindy and I start and I handed the camera to Zoe. She smiled at me as she took it. 

"Your family has turned into quite the bunch of perverts, Master Scott," Zoe said. "I think it's going to be fun being around you."

"Wait until Dad and I double fuck you, Zoe, while Mother licks your slave cunt."

"Don't tease me, Master Scott."

"I'm not teasing, I'm promising. My slaves have just spent the better part of a day teaching Mom how to be a better cunt licker."

Zoe shivered. "I just think I had a mini-orgasm, sir. Fuck!"

Rhonda said she was sorry she was going to miss the show but had to get ready for work. I told her to be careful.

I lay down on the bed and had Cindy climb over me in a sixty-nine. "Make it a good show, Zoe," I said. "Move around so you can catch all the detail." Then I buried my tongue in my sister's cunt, tasting her deliciousness once again.

Cindy's mouth descended over my cock and started sucking. Able to take all my prick, her mouth and throat caressed every inch of my shaft. Zoe had warmed up Cindy, her pussy was leaking juices all over and I did my best to clean every square inch of her luscious pussy of what she'd leaked previously before I seriously attempted to make her cum some more. Knowing my mother and wife were watching was making us both aroused as hell. Cindy started climaxing quickly and I knew I wouldn't last long either, despite the number of times I'd fucked earlier today. 

Before I felt my cock start to throb its load into Cindy's mouth, Cindy climaxed five times, one following pretty much right after the other, like a string of firecrackers going off. My face was drenched with cum. I'd seen Zoe moving around the bed and knew she'd captured Cindy cumming a couple times on my tongue. Knowing I was close from the sounds I was making and the thrusting of my hips to drive my cock deeper into Cindy's mouth, Zoe had the camera focused on the juncture of my prick and Cindy's mouth. 

As I started to pulse, Cindy let some of it flow down my mast - a visual treat for our viewers - before sinking back down to gather what she'd lost. It seemed as though the head of my prick had exploded, so intense was my orgasm. Cindy was cumming again, and we both had more to clean up before the show was over.

"That was incredible," Mom said. "My pussy is leaking. Domina will have her job cut out for her to give a spectacle as great as that was."

We really were a twisted family. No question in my mind."

"Zoe, while Cindy and I watch the exhibition of Mom and Julia, why don't you lick Cindy's cunt while I play with her breasts. Cindy, you hold the camera and occasionally show them Zoe licking your slit." 

"Yes, Master," both of the replied, laughing. 

Cindy sat between my legs and I started caressing her plump beautiful breasts as Zoe started licking her some more.

Julia handed her phone to Lisa and told her to be the cameraman. She had Mom lie down on the bed and spread her legs. 

Julia looked up at the camera just before going muff diving. "The reason I want to lick this cunt and will enjoy it so much is it's the fuck hole from which this slave birthed my Master, for which I'm eternally grateful." 

Julia began a slave seduction of my Mother as intense and warm as I'd ever seen her give. It was fifteen minutes before Mom climaxed, but the rest came rapid fire, one after the other. Mom was holding Julia's head against her pulsating pussy, fingers twisted in her hair as she cumming over and over. After Mom had at least five orgasms, Julia pushed her legs up, spreading them a little wider. 

She looked at the camera again, Mom's cum glistening on her face. "I lick this asshole because Master fucked this ass earlier and I want my lips to taste what he fucked." 

Her tongue moved over Mom's crinkled star, gathering the fluids which had flowed there from her cunt, a wide sweeping swath of her flat tongue. Then I could see her tongue form a stiff spear and push into Mom's rectum, spreading the muscular rim as she pushed at least an inch into Mom's bottom. She continued tongue fucking Mom's bottom until she climaxed again, then licked her cunt some more, cleaning up after herself. Julia then moved up Mother's body, kissing her way up, sucking on her breasts before holding her face and kissing her.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
"I kissed her breasts because they fed my Master. I kiss her lips, because they're the lips which cleaned Master's cock after it fucked her ass and I wish to acknowledge her taking care of my Master so well," Julia said, before her tongue delved deep in Mom's mouth, their tongues dancing as they kissed.

Fuck, that show had to be at least as good as the one we put on. Cindy had cum six more times as Zoe licked her and I'd played with her breasts, and my prick was poking against Cindy's back, as hard as before she sucked me dry.

"Great show," I said. "Fantastic show. In fact we're hanging up now so I can fuck a cunt now." To allay my mother's fears, I said, "Zoe, I need to plug you now."

"Yes, sir." Zoe answered, kneeling on the bed. Cindy ended the call and got under Zoe and they began gratifying one another as I pushed into Zoe's pussy. I was one lucky fucker. I occasionally felt Cindy's mouth suck a hairy stone into her mouth as I slid back and forth in Zoe's cunt. How the hell I still had any cum left to inject into her pouting pussy was a mystery to me.

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 51|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-51|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<em>Scott continues to confound his slaves by having them fuck other men, including Sean, someone they've never fucked before. Shasta begins to experiment with other forms of sex, including oral and anal. This chapter contains most acts of sex between two or more people. No STD's exist in this fantasy, so unprotected sex is allowed.</em>

<strong>Chapter 51 - Two Weeks of Fucking, part 2</strong>

JULIA

"Are we sure he won't fuck Cindy's cunt, Domina?" Sandra said.

"It's the reason Zoe is there, slave. Mistress Brianna wouldn't want her slave arrested anymore than you want your son and daughter arrested. She won't condone incest."

"You gave me more than three orgasms, Domina."

I smiled at her. "You were lucky we had an audience. I had to give as good a show as we received."

"Did you mean what you said when you were licking me."

"Every word. I'm so very much in love with my Master, there's not much I wouldn't do for him. I'm eternally grateful you birthed him. I'm going to take a shower now. If you wish to take another one, I'll wash you. After we finish we need to discuss a couple things. You too, Lisa. Don't go to sleep just yet."

"Why?" Lisa asked.

"Because Master Dan and Sandy weren't the only people Master ordered us to fuck."

Lisa looked at me in surprise. "We'll discuss it after my shower," I said to the unspoken question in her eyes.

Sandy did join me in the shower. I'd left her quite messy despite my attempts to keep her tidy. I washed her as we kissed, giving her another orgasm as I washed her pussy. She did the same for me, her Domina.

We dried off and rejoined Lisa in the bed. We pulled the covers over us and cuddled together, one of us on each side of Master's mother.

"Who else are we supposed to fuck?" Lisa asked as soon as we were cozy.

"When we bring Sandra home tomorrow, we're to let Master Dan fuck us both..."

"That's still just Master's father," Lisa said.

"Let me finish. On Thursday night, Ed, Rob and Regina are coming over. We're to serve them as full slaves. On Friday and Saturday night. Jerry and Reneé will be coming to stay. They're to spend both nights in the Master bedroom. You're to serve as Jerry's slave while I go to Chen's house with Lucas on Friday night. I'm to serve them both and give them exposure to having a new baby as it's only a couple months before Janet delivers. On Saturday night, we switch and I serve Jerry while you serve Chen. Then on Sunday, we serve Master Dan again. Master is going to have us fucking five different men and four women by next Sunday."

"Well we know he doesn't really give a shit about the women, but he really wants us to fuck the men too?"

"That's what he says."

"That doesn't make any sense," Lisa said. "Is it some kind of test for us before our bonding ceremony?"

"If it was a test, why order us to fuck them. Let them visit and see if we fuck them, but not order us to."

"Maybe he wants us to use our safe word?" Lisa mused.

"Or he's testing to see how obedient we are to his commands."

"I don't understand, Domina," Sandy said. "You've fucked other men before. Hell, you were fucked by close to a dozen men on Memorial Day."

"Yes, and if it had been after learning about California's incest laws, it probably would have been a dozen. Master Dan and my own father could have fucked me. We considered it incest at the time. But Master hated sharing us with other men. It was the primary reason our slavery was going to end. He thought he might have to continue sharing us with other men. Master Dan is the only man to fuck me after that. And while we're talking about things, I'd like to hear more about you and my parents fucking."

"No other men have fucked you except my husband since Memorial Day?"

"No. Lisa and I agreed it was more important to be Master's slaves than allow other men to fuck us. We agreed to give up fucking other men in order to remain slaves. Until Master Dan fucked me while you sucked Master's cock at Brianna's, we haven't fucked another man and yesterday the first time since then. Tell me about you and my parents."

"After Memorial Day, Master and I decided we had no objections to being with other people. Since your parents were openly dating other people, we went out with them a few times, sleeping with them. It was fun. But we didn't want to keep dating just them. Master felt it was better if instead of concentrating on a couple people, opening up to multiple partners would be less emotional. It's when he decided to let me serve the poker game and be sold afterwards."

"Do you know what Master Dan and Master were talking about on Saturday before Master decided to double team us?"

"No. I was in here with you. I haven't spoken to either since until right now except to say I would be spending tonight here as well as tomorrow and I'd see him tomorrow."

"I have to talk to Master Dan anyway," I said. "Master said if your husband agreed, you could pleasure Sean in addition to the female slaves tomorrow. Let's call him now before it gets any later."

I dialed up Daniel and put him on speaker. "Master Dan, this is Julia. Master said we were to ask you if your slave had permission to orally pleasure Sean tomorrow when she has to satisfy the female slaves."

"She can fuck him if she wishes," Dan said. "Any hole Shasta wants to allow."

"I'll tell her, sir. Might I ask what you and Master were talking about yesterday in the hot tub?"

"Scott thought you might ask when he spoke to me earlier today. He asked I keep it confidential. Why do you want to know?"

"Master is ordering us to fuck other men which he was previously adamantly opposed for us to do. We're surprised and nervous he would tell us to fuck other men, sir. You're the only man we've fucked since Memorial Day."

"He said that. I was surprised to discover you hadn't kept fucking others. I just thought it was none of my business and it's why I didn't know."

"No, Master Dan. Lisa and I agreed we would prefer being exclusive to our Master except for the women slaves he cared to share us with than give up our slavery as Master didn't want to share us with men anymore. Now he's ordering us to fuck other men and we're confused."

"I can understand why you might be confused, but he has his reasons. You're his slaves. Are you going to do as you're told?"

"I would prefer to know the reason for his change of heart, sir. I will try to talk to him again and convince him not to. I'm afraid of what might happen."

"I don't think he's going to change his mind. If I were you, I'd do as you were told. Obedience to our will is one of the things we value most out of a slave."

"Thank you for your guidance, Master Dan."

I hung up and Lisa and I were staring at one another. "Master Dan seems to know what's going on, but isn't going to share the reason with us," Lisa said. "We're going to have to figure it out ourselves."

"I wasn't lying. I'm afraid," I said. "It feels like an impossible trap. Do as Master says and disappoint hell out of him by fucking other men, or being disobedient. Neither of those alternatives appeal to me."

"I think my Master would have tried to talk yours out of it if it were inimical to your family," Sandy said. "He wouldn't want Master Scott to do anything which would destroy your family."

"Maybe he did try to convince Master not to do it, but Master is determined to do it anyway. Maybe Master wants to see how much he can depend on us and see what kind of sluts we are? Maybe he doesn't want a slave so slutty he can't depend on her, but it still doesn't answer why he would order us to fuck other men. I can understand a test, but not, be a whore and obey me or don't obey and I'll trust you."

"I don't know what to tell you, Julia," Lisa said. "I'm as confused as you are. If Sandy doesn't know and Master Dan refuses to say, what are we going to do. Whatever we do, we should do together."

"Fuck, I know it. Fuck!"

We curled up together. I didn't sleep well that night, dreaming of Master throwing me out on my slave ass no matter what I did.

******

Monday morning, Shasta arrived with Sean. She was excited.

"I went on two dates this weekend. A different fellow each time. I even let both of them touch me!" Shasta exclaimed.

"Touch you how?" Lisa asked.

"We kissed. I let them take off my bra and play with and suck on my titties, and finger my pussy."

Sean maintained a quiet dignity, but he didn't look happy. I think he wanted something more from his relationship with Shasta than to be Shasta's and Bernice's sex toy.

"You didn't send them home without any relief, did you?" I asked.

"No. I jacked their dicks until they climaxed."

"Are they satisfied with the slow pace of your dating?" Lisa asked.

"They know I had some trauma a few years back make me want to go slow. I tell everyone I date we go at my pace or he can get the fuck out. I've had a couple guys get pushy, but Rhonda showed me how to hurt those assholes and they gone quick."

"Shasta," I asked, suddenly wondering, "have you ever sucked a cock before?"

"Other than having one jammed into my mouth when I was raped; no."

"So you've never sucked Sean's nice cock?" Lisa asked. It looked as if Sean's cock stirred within his cock cage.

"No. Don't plan to either."

"How about Bernice?" I asked.

"Don't know what she do with him," Shasta admitted. "None of my business what Momma does with the slave."

Why not go to the source. "Slave, does Bernice suck your cock?"

"No, ma'am."

"You do know men like to have their cocks sucked, don't you?" I asked Shasta.

"So?"

"If you ever get married, love a man enough to marry him, don't you think he might want you to suck his prick?"

"I'm more the old fashioned type of gal. He don't want to fuck my pussy, might not be the man for me."

"I see. From your answer, I take it you don't like anal sex either?"

"No. Only time it ever happened, hurt like hell."

"I don't think a gang rape is the proper way to judge an act of sex," Lisa said. "I didn't enjoy being raped, even when it was my ex-husband doing the raping. Doesn't mean I don't enjoy all acts of sex with my Master."

"A sex slave like Sean is the perfect person to practice with," I said. "He doesn't get an erection unless you want him to get one. You can suck his limp dick, get used to having one in your mouth. He won't cum unless he's told to. You don't have to worry about him cumming in your mouth until you're ready for it to happen. Master's mother has to practice licking cunt today. She's going to lick the cunts of all the women who wish it three times today, morning and afternoon breaks and lunch. Her Master said she could do anything she wanted with your male slave. Would you have an objection to her demonstrating oral sex and anal sex with your slave? He might enjoy the relief she provides."

Shasta was silent. We let her consider her options. I doubt Shasta could ever be pushed into doing something she didn't want to do. She'd become very independent by necessity.

Finally, she nodded. "I don't see a problem. Still don't mean I have to do it."

"No. You should never have to do anything you don't want to do. Sandra, please cleanse your ass again today."

"Yes, Domina." She disappeared in the bathroom to take care of it.

The rest of the workers started showing up. Even Janet was there. Chen had done the initial wiring of Thornhill's house and didn't need to go back until the final wiring needed to be done. I informed them Master's mother would be practicing her cunt licking skills today and anyone who wished to participate, was welcome to. Reneé and Janet immediately got on their phones to get permission from their Master's to cum. Both got happy answers rather quickly. Of course, I needed to interrupt my work on occasion to feed Lucas, but on the whole, he was a good baby and Sandra was taking care of his other needs.

During the morning break, each of the women would lie on a finished padded bench with their legs parted and Sandy would lick them to orgasm. Sandra was becoming so proficient, it didn't take her longer than five minutes to get any of us off, the slaves faster than that. Even Melanie, after extracting a promise from each of us that what happened here, stayed here; spread her legs for Sandra and came to a sudden, explosive orgasm.

"If I let a woman lick me, it doesn't mean I'm lesbian, does it?" Shasta asked.

Most of us laughed. "By my definition, I would never call you even a bisexual unless you were overcome with a desire to lick cunt yourself," I said. "You can close your eyes and pretend it's whoever you want. Or you can let your slave lick you to orgasm. Just be aware that as a woman, a female slave understands the female body better than most males. They are usually better at it than most men. Since Sandra is a neophyte, Sean might still lick cunt better than she does, because he was trained by Mistress Dark and she makes sure her slaves can lick cunt. But I can almost guarantee Reneé and Rhonda lick cunt better than anyone here. They've done it longer."

Shasta didn't let Sandra lick her, but she had Sean take care of her needs and he was good. She orgasmed within three minutes.

"If you remove Sean's cock cage, Sandy will suck his cock. Tell him not to get hard until you give him permission. After you watch for a few minutes, let him have an erection, but don't let him cum until you wish to see him cum," I said.

Shasta removed his cock cage. "Mistress, may I have permission for this other slave to suck my cock?" Sean asked.

"You may, slave."

Then he asked Sandra. "Slave, may I please have your permission for you to suck my cock."

Apparently, Sean still took Shasta's threat she'd cut off his dick and bury him so deep the worms wouldn't find him if he ever touched another woman without her permission.

Sandy said, "I'd love sucking your prick, Sean."

Shasta gave the appropriate commands and when Sandra opened her mouth, Sean put his cock in it. I knew from Master how well his mother sucked cock, so just as with Ron, I was surprised his dick remained limp no matter how Sandy worked him over. Of course, Lisa, Reneé, Janet and I all gave tips about cock sucking to Shasta who was close enough to watch it all closely.

"Get hard, but no cumming yet," Shasta ordered, and his cock blew up like a balloon.

The five of us continued documenting the state of Sandra's cock sucking, noting how well she took it down her throat without gagging. This went on for over fifteen minutes and Sean didn't cum, though he looked as if he was getting quite desperate to do so. I warned Sandy that when he climaxed, it might be a lot like Ron on Memorial Day and she should be prepared. Still Shasta didn't give him permission to cum. She was watching intently. Sean was standing stiffly. He wasn't grabbing Sandy's head, nor thrusting down her throat, merely letting her work his shaft and balls. I don't know about his balls, but his face was becoming blue as he strained to obey his Mistress.

I whispered to Shasta that he might pop a blood vessel if he wasn't allowed to cum soon.

She nodded. "Cum," she ordered, and it was like someone opened a fire hydrant. Sandy's mouth was inundated with sperm. She tried to keep up but no matter how fast she swallowed, some dribbled out of her mouth and down her chin to drip on her breasts.

Sean was groaning as he emptied himself, relieved his wait was over. I used my finger to wipe up some of the cum on Sandy's breast and tasted it. Delicious. What a change from when my slavery started. Going from never wanting to swallow Master's cum to licking a relative stranger's cum and finding it tasty.

"If you ever let a man cum in your mouth, you should know what he's going to taste like," I said to Shasta. "Would you like to see what Sean tastes like?"

She nodded and I wiped off another finger full from the slave's breast and handed it to Shasta. She licked him off my finger.

"Not too bad," she said. "Salty, but essentially tasteless."

"It's always better hot and fresh. It starts to get nasty as it cools and gels."

Sandra had finished cleaning Sean off, so she moved off his cock, now limp again.

"I hope he didn't drown you, slave," I said to Sandy.

She smiled. "It was close. Thanks for the warning. How long since you climaxed slave?" She asked Sean.

"A couple days, Miss. Mistress was on dates the last couple days."

"Then you should enjoy fucking this slaves ass later," I said.

"Yes, ma'am."

We went back to work and worked until lunch, bringing down a hot dish Sandy made for everyone to eat. After lunch, she continued her cunt training and this time, Shasta participated, the last hold out.

When she climaxed as I knew she would, I asked, "It wasn't so bad, was it? Do you have a burning desire to lick her cunt in return?"

"Not in the slightest," she panted, still coming down from the orgasmic high."

"I guess you're not a lesbian then," Lisa said.

Shasta laughed. "Guess not. I gotta say that felt damn good though."

"For this slaves ass fucking, Sean needs to be hard or he'll never get it in her ass. You might want to remove his cock cage again before you tell him to get an erection."

Shasta laughed again and removed the cage. "Get hard," she ordered, and we were soon staring at Sean's nice looking erection.

"Do you want a little lube, Sandy," I asked.

"If Shasta doesn't object, he can wet his dick in my cunt. I'm wet enough."

"Go ahead," Shasta said, "you have my permission and hers to fuck her cunt."

Sean slid right in, moaning like any good slave. A half dozen strokes and his cock was soaked in Sandy's juices. He pulled out.

"May I fuck your ass, Miss?" Sean asked.

"For God's sake, just shove it in there, would you, I need to cum in the worst way."

Sean smiled and pushed into Sandra's ass, with no more trouble than when he'd entered her cunt. Now she was the one moaning.

Shasta asked, "By a show of hands, how many of you have been fucked in the ass?"

Sandy didn't raise hers because she was using both hands to support herself as Sean fucked her. Since she was currently being fucked in the ass, the question was redundant anyway. Everyone else but Melanie raised their hand. She was such a naive young thing. I wouldn't mind seeing her airtight someday.

"Who enjoyed it?" Shasta asked.

Sandy was moaning enough her answer was obvious. No one else lowered their hand. Most of us were slaves, so I wasn't surprised. Alice was the only one I wondered about, but she'd seemed to enjoy it when she was revenge fucking Master and even licking him after he'd been in her ass. I doubt she cared much for that, but who knew.

"Really? All of you like getting fucked in the ass?"

"Not as nice as getting fucked in the cunt," Alice said, "but it makes for a nice change of pace, especially when my pussy is sore or I'm having my period. The blood turns my boyfriend off."

I wondered if she was still fucking Jerry's friend, or if there were others. It took a lot before my pussy got sore.

Sandra climaxed, the change in her moans telling us.

"You have to understand, Shasta," I said. "Master didn't say, 'I'm going to fuck your ass today. Brace yourself Bridget.' I was gently prepared for my first ass fucking."

"How do you prepare for ass fucking?"

"That's an easy question to answer," Janet said. "Domina gave me different size butt plugs and they increased in size until I was prepared for a cock."

Sandy orgasmed again.

"Sandy seems to like it," Shasta said."

"God, yes," Sandra whimpered. "Fuck my ass, Sean." He increased his speed.

"What these butt plugs like?" Shasta asked.

"Wait here. I'll show you a set," I said, running upstairs to get the nice glass ones I'd started with.

I returned. Sean was still going. Sandy still whimpered. I opened the box and showed them to Shasta.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"You start with the smallest one, wear it for about a day; graduate to the next largest size. By the time you wear the largest one for a day, you'll be ready for your first ass fucking. Of course, a nice slave like Sean will go as slow or as fast as you want him to. If you enjoy it, as I'm reasonably certain you would, it opens up other possibilities."

"What other possibilities?" Shasta asked.

"A double or even a triple penetration," Reneé said. "There's nothing like two or three cocks filling you at once. If you like anal sex in the slightest, having another cock fuck your cunt while one's in your ass is fucking heaven."

Sandy shivered through another orgasm. She was a slave and couldn't help herself.

"How many of you have had two cocks in you at once?" Shasta asked.

Everyone but Sandy raised their hands, even Melanie. Since she hadn't been fucked in the ass, I guess she'd been spit-roasted instead.

"Three cocks?" Shasta asked.

Melanie, Charlotte, Alice and Janet lowered their hands, but Janet said, "I've had all three holes filled at once, but one of them was a dildo. Never three cocks at once, more's the pity."

"And this feels good?"

"You're talking to mostly slaves," I said. "If it involves sex, we pretty much think it feels good."

Sandra was spasming again. "Could you tell Sean to cum, please? Most men can't fuck me this long."

"Cum," Shasta ordered and Sean groaned and released into Sandy's ass.

When he pulled out, her ass was gapping quite bad but the natural elasticity was causing it to close. She immediately turned around and started sucking Sean's cock clean.

"Fuck no! She did not suck his cock again!" Shasta exclaimed.

"Her ass was prepared earlier. Sandy cleansed herself by giving herself some enemas this morning until there was nothing left in her bottom. It was clean. I'm not saying it's for everyone, but it's not bad. Not much different than sucking a cock which has just come out of a cunt after both have orgasmed."

"Jesus! How many of you sucked cock after getting ass fucked?"

Everyone but Charlotte and Melanie raised their hand.

Alice said. "I sucked Scott's cock after he fucked me in the ass without being cleansed first. It was videoed. I wanted my cheating bastard of a husband see me sucking Scott's shit encrusted cock after I kissed his lying mouth. He puked, the bastard. Can't say I ever want to do it again, but it wasn't so bad. Animals do eat shit sometimes. I think the thought of doing it is worse than the actual doing."

"I was almost ready to drink piss," Janet said. "My ex-boyfriend humiliated me so much I started to crave humiliation. I asked Domina to piss on me, then piss in my mouth. She went so far as to piss on me, but convinced me I didn't deserve humiliation just because my ex used to treat me like shit. I would have done it had she not talked me out of it."

Shasta was looking at her like a third eye appeared where her belly button was.

"Look at me, Shasta," I said. She turned to look at me. "Just as you didn't want to have sex after you were raped, Janet had issues after her shitty ex-boyfriend emotionally abused her. Humiliation was such a part of her life for five years, she began to believe she deserved to be humiliated. Being pissed on seemed normal to her. It's not. If some people want to do something like that, I won't say anything because they aren't really hurting anyone, but I'm glad she realized she deserved more than being pissed on or drinking piss. Obviously, her current Master treats her much better than her old boyfriend did. Despite being a sex slave, she's treated like a queen by her Master. Sex slavery isn't necessarily about how you're treated. You can be treated well by a Master and screwed up bad by a boyfriend or husband. You can do the same to Sean. You can be a good Mistress or a bad Mistress. You can choose to care about him or ignore him. You can be kind or vicious. As long as you meet certain of his needs, he might remain with you no matter how badly he's treated. He's submitting to your will. You could require him to drink your piss or eat your shit. You have a lot of control over your slave. Remember that."

"You would drink my piss, Sean?" Shasta asked.

"If my Mistress required it," he replied.

"I would never require you to do that, slave," Shasta said.

Sean smiled at her. "A slave is very grateful, Mistress."

"Would you like me to suck your cock, Sean?"

"A slave greatly appreciates anything his Mistress might be willing to do for him, Mistress."

"Well, not after it's been in an ass, slave. Perhaps we'll explore the different possibilities."

"Would you like to borrow these butt plugs, Shasta?"

She looked down at the box of four glass plugs.

"They look very clean."

"They wash up well with soap and water. Not much different than changing a dirty diaper, Shasta."

"One day for each size?"

"Yes. A little lube or even vaseline will help you insert it. I will tell you getting fucked with one of these in your ass is very enjoyable. It makes for a snug fit," I said, smiling.

"You're going to turn me into a sex maniac like you, aren't you?"

"Only if you enjoy it as much as I do, Shasta."

She took the box and closed the top. "I'll give it a try."

"You should be ready by Saturday night. I would start with Sean. He'll make sure he does only what you want. I don't think you'll regret it."

The look on Sean's face was priceless. We slaves have to stick together.

"Sandy, you may sit in the hot tub for awhile. Take the baby monitor with you. Make sure you're back here by three."

"Yes, Domina. Thank you."

The afternoon break went much as the others did, Sandy licking everyone to orgasm, then sucking Sean's cock, Shasta watching intently as she did. There wasn't nearly the volume of cum the third time as the first. Sandra managed to swallow it all without difficulty. She was released.

"Best damn work breaks I've ever had at any company I've ever worked for," Alice said as we went back to work. "Too bad we can't do it every day."

"We don't get enough work done when we do. Instead of climaxing and going back to work, everyone wants to watch everyone else cum," I said. "We'd go out of business if we did it all the time."

"Still a great company benefit," Reneé said. "It's too bad you aren't doing training more often."

"If we only did it once a day at lunch," Lisa said. "It wouldn't muck up the day too bad. We could offer it more often."

"We don't train that many cunt lickers," I said.

"We could do it," Lisa replied.

"Don't you think it would screw up the management/worker dynamic?"

"We have an unusual dynamic here anyway. Everyone works nude. We profit share. If they work hard, they get more money. If they don't, they're screwing themselves. They're all hard working, conscientious people who enjoy what they're doing and the people they work with. We chose wisely. Besides; we could also ask for volunteers. I don't doubt Reneé and Janet at least wouldn't do it on occasion and if Shasta was agreeable, Sean could do it too. He likes licking cunt."

Everyone had stopped working and were listening to our conversation.

"Go back to work," I said. "Master would have to approve of his slaves having sex."

"I'd do it if my Master was agreeable," Reneé said.

"So would I," Janet said. "A mid-day cum break would be wonderful."

I looked at Shasta. "Would you throw Sean into the mix?"

"Why not."

"You know, he should get to cum if everyone else does. It's only fair. Would you be taking care of his needs or would someone else have to do it?"

"I'm still not sure I'm ready to suck dick. For now, someone else has to do it, or he jack himself off."

"Melanie, What do you want to do?"

"Do I have to lick someone's pussy?"

"I think we can leave it to those who like licking pussy," Lisa said. "It's not like I mind it if my own gets some attention too."

"Alice?"

"Fuck it. I didn't hate licking your cunts before. I'm sure I can deal with licking it again for a lunch break like todays every work day. I wouldn't mind sucking Sean's shaft either. Might like it more than licking pussy anyway."

"Charlotte?"

"When I interviewed for this job, I thought it was to be as a sex worker. I'm glad I wasn't being hired for that purpose, but I was ready to do it if I needed to. I've enjoyed the cum breaks like everyone else, and if I'm not being paid for sex, at least I don't feel like a whore. At the very least, I'd be willing to suck Sean's cock. I'd be nervous about, you know, licking another woman's pussy. I've never done it before. I'd have to think about it some more, but if you're not expecting an answer right now, I'm in."

"No one has to do anything they're not comfortable with," Lisa said. "It's supposed to be something enjoyable. If it's not enjoyable, no one will want to do it. Obviously, we have to check with our Master. He has control over who we fuck. If he's agreeable, Julia and I will accept the major burden as we obviously love sex."

"So do Reneé and I," Janet said.

"Think about it," I said. "Decide what you want to do, check with your Master's or whatever. Let us know tomorrow if you want to continue past today except for special occasions like this one. But if we're going to do this on a regular basis, you need to get on with work when your cum break is over. You can't stop to watch everyone else climax. Eat, enjoy your orgasm and back to work."

Everyone went back to work with a smile on their face. Why did I feel like this proposal would pass with flying colors and what would Master say about it?

******

When everyone left, Sean whispered a quick 'Thank you' to me as he left with his Mistress. I squeezed his shoulder. I hoped he ended up getting his cock sucked and got to fuck his Mistress's ass at some point.

We called Master Dan and asked him if he'd like us to pick something up for supper on our way over to drop off his wife. He said he'd be happy with a pizza so we ordered two large pan pizza's for pick up on our way back to his place. We didn't even need to ask what he wanted. Sandy knew it is well as he did. I left Lucas with Rhonda. She could give him a bottle if he needed to be fed. Thank God for sister slaves. When we got to Dan's home, he was already nude, a hard erection waiting for us, and he made us strip as well.

The food sat on the counter while he fucked my cunt. It didn't take but fifteen minutes for him to spend in my pussy, having been without the services of his slave for a couple days. I still climaxed three times due to his vigorous and energetic fucking. He made Sandra lick his cum from my cunt and I climaxed again as she cleaned me up. Lisa had to clean off his cock. Afterward, we ate, and he asked about Sandra's stay at our house since he left. We told him everything including what his son had done to his mother and how Sandy had taken care of Sean today. The story told, he was hard again and he fucked Lisa's ass, grunting when he sent his cum up her lovely ass. Sandra once again tasked with cleaning up his cum, now leaking from her bottom.

He told me to get a warm washcloth and wash him off since Lisa hadn't cleansed her ass. I wiped him gently.

"Very good, slaves. You've done well. You shall now call your Master on FaceTime and hand me the phone. I'll expect you to suck my cock to orgasm while I speak to your Master about how well you've done tonight."

Lisa and I looked at each other briefly, then I dialed up Master and handed Dan the phone. Lisa and I took turns sucking his cock and licking his balls, while Master watched us and they talked. He told Master he'd already fucked my cunt and Lisa's ass and he would be sending us home shortly after he climaxed in one or both of our mouths. He described our obedience and how much he enjoyed fucking two such tight and sexy slaves, describing in intimate detail what it felt like to penetrate our slave cunt and ass and how proficient we were at sucking cock. His conversation ended when his cock swelled in my mouth and his hot cream filled it. I swallowed it all without difficulty, his third orgasm tonight. Master Dan handed me the phone.

******

SCOTT

I got the phone call I expected from Dad and watched my two slaves suck his shaft while he brought me up to date on what they'd done thus far. I listened to him describe every detail of the fucking they'd taken until he sent his cum down Julia's throat, her swallowing indicative of how much cum she was taking in. It was what I wanted him to do, so I wasn't surprised and I took it better than I'd expected. Having watched him fuck both of my slaves recently eroding some of the raw, sharp edges of the experience. He handed the phone to Julia when he was done.

"Hello, slave."

"Hello, Master," Julia replied.

"Did you have a good time tonight?"

"Yes, Master."

"How many times did you cum?"

"Three while Master Dan fucked my cunt, sir, and once when your mother licked his cum out of me," she answered.

"Good. How many other times have you cum today?"

"Three, sir. Sandra licked everyone to an orgasm during each of our breaks."

"And she also sucked Sean's cock twice and got fucked in the ass once?"

"Yes, Master, which brings up another matter which we need to discuss."

"What's that, slave?"

"Alice thought it would be wonderful if we could take breaks like today every day we worked. A great company benefit she called it. I said we didn't get enough work done but Lisa suggested we only do it once at lunch instead of three times a day and it should work out. It doesn't take very long for each of us to cum. In fact, even Shasta and Melanie agreed to let your mother lick their cunts, a first for both of them."

"Shasta let Mom lick her cunt?"

"Yes, Master."

"Well, that's a fairly substantial loosening up, wouldn't you agree?"

"Yes, Master."

"So who's going to do all this cunt licking, slave?"

"Lisa initially suggested us, Master, but said some other slaves like Reneé and Janet might also do their share. Even Alice agreed she might participate if she got to cum once every day."

"Interesting. So what did you decide to do, slave?"

"Talk to you to see if you have an objection to your slaves doing it, sir. Jerry and Chen are being consulted as well."

"I have no objection to you and Lisa licking cunt."

"Thank you, Master, but there's another issue. I don't feel Sean should be the only one left out. He should receive relief as well."

"Wouldn't Rhonda take care of her own slave?"

"She's never sucked cock before willingly. She has no experience and is unsure if she can do it, sir. Nor has she ever been fucked anally. She's unsure if she would enjoy the experience of sucking cock, though it seems she might start experimenting with the process. I also loaned her our boxed set of butt plugs to prepare herself for anal sex."

"I'm unsure what you're asking, slave?"

"Alice, and perhaps Janet and Reneé might be willing to suck his cock if Shasta can't do it, Master. I'm wondering where you stand on the issue given what you've ordered Lisa and I to do Thursday, Friday and Saturday?"

Once again, my own words were coming back to haunt me. There was no denying I'd ordered my slaves to fuck the entire poker group Thursday, Friday, and Saturday, as well as my father again on Sunday. Theoretically, it left Tuesday and Wednesday vacant and there were still days unaccounted for next week. I wanted them fucked every day before they came to LA. My father might get fucked to death if I used him too much.

Sean did present another opportunity. In fact, I was initially the one who toyed with the idea of giving them Sean as a gift.

"A marvelous idea, slave," I said, wondering again at my own boldness. "If Shasta's willing, I want both Lisa and you to suck his cock at lunch every day, maybe give Shasta pointers if she's interested. Every night after work, I want you both to fuck Sean. Shasta has to agree of course. Sean's her slave, but from what I know of Mistress Dark's male slaves, he should be able to fuck you both and still have something left over for Shasta and her mother."

"Master?" Julia was astounded, the look of surprise on her face clearly evident. This wasn't someone she had fucked before, like everyone else. This was a brand new male. I'd gone from not wanting her to fuck men anymore to fucking new ones.

I saw her glance to the side where I supposed Lisa was now kneeling. She looked panicked. We were on speaker, so I knew Lisa heard as well.

"I think it's a grand idea. In fact, call me tomorrow when Shasta gets there. I'll ask her myself if she has any objection to her slave fucking you both. I would be very surprised if she has any objection. She's already letting her mother fuck him, and she's starting to let women lick her cunt. I'm sure you'll be one of the women to satisfy her. Perhaps I'll let Rhonda lick her while you're busy with Sean."

She looked back at me, still confused. It was actually amusing to think I could still confound my slaves; they knew me so well.

"I require a response, slave. Will you comply with my orders?"

"Master, are you sure? He isn't even someone we've ever fucked before."

"Would you prefer Marcus, the delivery man from the Thai restaurant?"

"No, Master. Lisa and I don't need other men. I don't want you angry with us if we fuck other men."

"Do I sound angry, slave?"

"No, Master, but you don't sound quite in your right mind, either. Did you take a blow to your head I don't know about?"

"No blows, Julia. Will you obey me?"

"If you're sure, Master. I'll obey you."

"Excellent. Call me when Shasta gets there tomorrow."

"Yes, Master."

I hung up. I still wondered if I knew what I was doing, but I was doing it.

******

JULIA

"We don't even have until Thursday to convince Master not make us fuck other people. He wants us to fuck Sean tomorrow," I said, putting the phone down.

"I heard."

I looked at Dan. He might be the only person who knew what the fuck was going on.

"Master Dan, could you please tell me what's going on with Master?"

"Nothing you need concern yourself about. Just do what he tells you. It's all he expects."

I started crying. Lisa and Sandy came over to soothe me. Dan sat on the couch with a smile on his face.

"What are you crying about, slave?" Dan said.

"I don't want my Master to hate me," I sobbed. "If I fuck other men, I'm worried he'll hate me."

"He won't hate you. He loves you more than anything in the world. I think he'd cut off his cock for you if you asked."

"Why would a sex slave ever ask for anything so stupid?" Lisa said.

"They wouldn't, but I'm saying he would. He won't hate you. I can assure you of that."

"But he's never liked us fucking other men," I cried. "Why would he want us to now?"

"He has his reasons. It's all you need to know. Just be his obedient little slaves and you'll be fine. In fact, I'd like you two to get into a sixty-nine with Julia on top, while Sandy sucks my cock. When I'm hard again, I'm going to fuck your ass. Sandra, when I start fucking Julia, I want you to take some pictures to send to our son to show him how good his slaves are."

Sandy looked as confused as I did, but she answered, "Yes, sir," and started sucking his cock.

"Go on now. Start licking each other. Lisa can hold your ass cheeks apart so I can fuck you."

I hastily wiped my tears and did as instructed. Soon, Master Dan was hard from Sandra's sucking. He got behind me and as Lisa parted my ass cheeks, he pushed inside my ass, driving deep into my rectum. I heard the clicking of Sandy's phone camera as she took pictures, knowing Master would soon see them. With Lisa licking my cunt and Dan fucking my ass, I orgasmed four more times before he sent us home. Only my fears kept me from cumming more often.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
******

When Shasta and Sean arrived for work early to work on Thornhill's bed, I pulled them aside and called Master. I noticed she was wearing the smallest plug. They were color coded, blue the smallest, green larger, yellow larger still and red the largest. She had the blue one in. I wondered if she'd let Sean fuck her while it was in.

"Shasta is here, sir."

"Put the phone on speaker, slave, so you can hear what I say to her."

"Yes, Master."

I set the phone on the counter and said, "Master Scott would like to speak to you, Shasta."

"What can I do you for, Scott?"

"I feel badly I left my slaves without any cock while I was gone and wondered if it would be an imposition if they used Sean for sex the next couple days? They could take turns sucking his cock at lunch time. Plus, I understand you haven't really done oral sex yourself. I can assure you that both of my slaves are superb cock suckers and could teach you a lot if you're really interested in learning the skill. Maybe get some private lessons from them after work. You and Sean can stay for supper. After they've provided a lesson, he could fuck one of them in the cunt and the other one in the ass. On Wednesday, they can swap and he can fuck the other one's cunt and ass. Thursday and Friday, he probably won't be required to provide any evening fucking as they will be taking care of other men, but next week, Monday and Tuesday, they might need some more fucking."

Shasta looked at Lisa and I, seeing the looks of consternation on our faces. "I thought you didn't want your slaves fucking other men anymore?"

"I've changed my mind. Now I want them to fuck men every day until I can be with them again."

"Let me get this straight. You want them sucking Sean's cock every day at lunch, then he fuck them tonight and tomorrow night, and next week, too."

"Yes, if you're willing to share Sean, that is what I'd like him to do."

"Well, Sean probably don't give a shit if he fucks women as nice as your slaves. I guess I don't care either, since you real nice to me. Sure, we can do what you want."

Lisa and I now realized we'd be fucking Sean. Poor Sean began experiencing some pain as he began to respond to the conversation as he was wearing his cock cage. He decided not to listen anymore and went downstairs to work.

"I appreciate it very much, Shasta. It's a lovely gesture on your part. I was wondering, since you seem willing to accept some female attention now, if everyone decides to participate in the sex breaks at lunch, perhaps you would accept the tongues of whichever of my slaves is not sucking Sean's cock to pleasure you, since he'll be busy. The entire time it takes for one of them to get Sean off, you can use the other for your own pleasure. And if Sean is busy fucking my slaves in the evening, perhaps Rhonda could see to your own needs while he's busy."

"Maybe. Still not sure how much I want to get involved with women, but I keep it in mind. Take you up on it if I decide to."

"Excellent. I'm sure you'd enjoy Rhonda. She's a much better cunt licker than Mother is."

"Your mother pretty good. Trained all weekend. By the time she get to me, I enjoyed it more than I think I would."

"That's good to know, but the other women have done it longer, though Reneé doesn't get much practice anymore and Janet was fairly new to it as well. Have Julia show you how she would seduce another woman and Lisa can show you how she'd seduce a nice cock like Sean's. It's quite remarkable how well they do. Thanks for your help, Shasta. I really appreciate it."

"Okay. See you weekend next."

"Julia," Master said. "I want you to send me pictures showing Sean fucking both of you. Send them when he's done."

"Yes, Master." Why did he want to witness Sean fucking us.

The call ended. Shasta looked at us again.

"You know what the fuck going on?" She asked.

"Not really, no," Lisa replied. "All we know is Master has us fucking someone every day from now to next Wednesday when we're supposed to join him in LA."

"And you don't know why he wants you to fuck all these men?"

"No, but we're worried about it. Our slavery almost ended over the issue of fucking men before."

"You want I call him back and tell him Sean unavailable?"

"It's not going to stop the others from fucking us," I replied. "We'll still be fucking other men. Master's Dad says he knows what's going on and we shouldn't worry about it, just be obedient and do as we're told."

"You okay fucking Sean?"

"We have no moral objection to fucking anyone anymore as long as it's agreeable to all parties," I replied. "If you, Sean and Master don't care, we don't care. I'd just like to understand what's going on. I felt like I understood my Master and knew what he wanted at all times. I haven't a clue what he's thinking now, but I feel we should obey if it's what wants."

"You okay if you lick my pussy?"

I smiled at her. "I shall probably enjoy licking your pussy, Shasta. It's the kind of slut I am. I enjoy pleasuring people. It's part of being a sex slave, taking enjoyment from giving someone pleasure."

"Not even if I don't lick you back?"

"Not even then."

"Maybe I see if you're better than Sandy," she mused. "Then check out Rhonda. Could be fun."

"It usually is," Lisa said.

******

The others arrived for work and we took a vote and everyone agreed a cum break at lunch was an excellent idea. Janet and Reneé said they could participate as long as it didn't involve cocks. Charlotte willing to suck cock and Alice willing to do both, though it sounded as if Lisa and I would be the prime cock suckers the next few days. Melanie was willing to receive from anyone, but not to give, still concerned about what her boyfriend might say if he found out. Shasta was still on the fence as far as female participation went, but was willing for Sean to lick anyone, including herself, and he could receive from anyone who wanted to suck his cock. She wanted to learn more about cock sucking before deciding if she'd do it and was willing to take lessons from us, since Scott made the offer.

At lunch, Renee and Janet pleasured each other, Alice did Melanie. I did Alice and Charlotte, Sean did his Mistress, and Lisa did Sean. Shasta forgot to tell Sean he could cum so Lisa sucked him for fifteen minutes before Shasta told him to release and Lisa got a mouthful of cum as big as Sandy did yesterday. We were still back to work in an hour though Lisa had to rush her lunch due to the length of time she sucked Sean's cock.

I sent Lisa to cleanse her ass around 4:30. When Rhonda got up, I told her to make supper for five. Shasta and Sean would be staying for dinner, both tonight and tomorrow, Master's orders. His orders also included satisfying Shasta if she desired it.

"Oh, no problem," Rhonda said. "I've wanted to lick her cunt ever since I met her."

Shasta blushed. "I was ugly when you first met me; all scarred and everything."

"No. I never saw the scars. I saw a young woman who survived something horrible and came out strong and independent. That woman could never be ugly."

"While you're making supper, Lisa and I will be giving Shasta cock sucking lessons," I said. "After supper, Master wants Sean to fuck us. That's when you're to pleasure Shasta if she desires to do more than watch."

"It will be ready when you are. I'll just make some chicken salad."

We led Shasta and Sean to the bedroom. "Since Lisa did Sean at lunch, I'll suck his cock tonight while Lisa describes what I'm doing, and why. It would be nice if you would relinquish control of your slave to me for the moment."

"Slave, you do what this woman want. You have my permission and hers to touch and be touched by her."

"Yes, Mistress."

Shasta unlocked his cock cage. I directed him to lie on the bed with his legs slightly apart so I could get between them.

"Sean, I want you to quit exercising control," I said. "I want you to respond naturally to what I'm doing. You may cum as soon as you need to, and get hard when you feel like it."

"Yes, Miss."

"What I'm going to do with Sean is what I call a seduction. Sometimes, Master is tired or has fucked often and he's having a difficult time getting hard again. We want to encourage him to get another erection so he can fuck us again. Sean won't have any difficulty getting hard. He hasn't fucked enough, but I won't give him enough stimulation to get him off immediately so I may demonstrate the process," I said kneeling between his legs. "Lisa, take over the description."

I heard her describing what I was doing to Sean. Kissing him from his knees to his groin, soft, light kisses up the interior of his thighs. As expected, he became erect quickly. I wrapped a hand around his rod, but didn't stroke him at all, merely holding it while I nuzzled between his legs for the hairy nuggets dangling loosely there. I licked and sucked each of the egg shaped testes, then inhaled his entire sack, rolling them around with my tongue. His cock was twitching in my hand, but he'd hold out longer. He was used to delayed gratification.

I licked up from his sack to the crown, then the tip where a pearl of pre-cum had gathered, spearing my tongue into the tiny slit. I licked all around the flange of the crown, Lisa explaining how sensitive a man was there. I was taking my time. I'd been playing with him for about seven minutes, and I still hadn't put him in my mouth yet. I loosely tugged upward on his cock to get another pearl to smear around the head. I lowered my mouth over the tip, swirling my tongue around it, dipping no farther than an inch into my mouth, before pulling back up again. Each time I went over his prick, I took a little more of it, sucking gently as I came up.

Sean started showing signs he was getting close to cumming, but I didn't want him to cum yet, so I pinched the base of his dick and quit stimulating him until the immediate need passed. I even let him shrink a little before I continued. Sean had a nice cock, circumcised, not quite as thick as Master, but as long. He would fit nicely in my cunt or ass. When his arousal cooled slightly, I released the base and continued sucking his stalk. Lisa told Shasta how we got around our gag reflex so we could get him all the way into our throats. I swallowed a couple times to get him all the way down, my lips touching his wrinkled sack.

"You don't have to deep throat your slave, Shasta. What you do to him is your choice," Lisa was explaining, "but our Master wants us to be able to swallow any cock." I rose up, needing another lungful of air, before sinking down again. "Nor do you need to swallow his cum. It is the neatest way to take care of him when he climaxes, but you can catch it in a towel or rag, spit it out afterwards, or just let him spray it someplace on your body and let him lick it off your body. He's your slave and responsible for cleaning up after himself."

I pulled up again, grabbing some more air.

"Eating his own cum make him kind of gay, don't it?"

"It makes him a slave, though even Master will clean up after himself if one of us isn't around to do it. Otherwise, we'd constantly be changing the sheets. I know you've had him suck the cum from your cunt after having sex with him?"

"Yes. Though mostly just wipe up afterward. When I needed him tied down, used to lick my cunt right after I fuck him because I didn't want to release him yet."

"You're giving up one of the great pleasures of sex. Having your slave do it for you. He should even clean your ass for you if you allow him to fuck your booty."

I was going all the way up and down his cock now, trying to draw out his orgasm. My hand was palming his sack, rolling his balls in my fingers.

"He's about to cum now," Lisa explained. "You'll start to recognize the signs. His cock will start to twitch, and it will actually get larger, especially the head. You can feel his ball sack start to tighten as if his balls want to climb back inside his body. Master likes us to move off his prick until only the head is in our mouths so he knows we can taste his cum as we swallow it. Some men like to have their cock buried in your throat. They'll even hold your head down to empty in your throat. You do what you want. Have Sean keep his hands to himself. You should be the one in control, not your slave."

I could feel his sperm start up his shaft with my tongue as his cock started to pulse. I moved up until only his crown was covered by my tightly sealing lips. Jet after jet of hot salty cum sprayed into my mouth as Sean groaned. I was swallowing quickly to keep up with the flow, keeping a tight seal so I wouldn't lose a drop of his seed. When the spurts slowed, I tightened my grip and milked the last of his cum into my mouth, then ensured there was nothing but my saliva glistened on his shaft when I was done.

I knelt up, licking my lips, swallowing the last of the delicious stuff.

"If you wish, you can lick his cock now. Tell your slave he's not to get hard until he get's permission from one of us," I said. "Just get used to having a cock in your mouth at the moment. A suggestion for your benefit; have him trim the hair on his cock and balls, either shaving it or cutting it real short in the future. It's more pleasant not having to navigate a mouth full of hair."

"Don't get hard until I say, slave," Shasta ordered.

"Yes, Mistress."

She tasted the tip of his prick. Not finding it disgusting, she took more of him in her mouth. For ten minutes, she played with his limp dick, getting used to the feeling of it in her mouth. She even played with his balls a bit, though they proved to be too hairy for her.

"You shave your pubes tonight, slave."

"Yes, Mistress."

What slave wouldn't shave to receive the oral attentions of his Mistress? It was nice not having to deal with hair.

"You might want to let him get hard now, Mistress," Lisa said, "but don't let him cum. He still has to fuck us and you still have plenty of opportunity to get used to sucking his cock before you let him cum in your mouth."

"You hear Lisa, slave? You get erection now, but don't have permission to cum."

"Yes, Mistress." Almost as soon as the words left her mouth, Sean had a hard-on. Shasta played with his erection for another ten minutes, becoming accustomed to the differences between a limp dick and a nice hard prick. She wasn't able to get all of him down for now, and she had no need to. She wasn't a slave. Whether she chose to learn or not was up to her.

She pulled off his prick after awhile. "The head of his cock is so smooth when he hard like this."

"Yes it is," I replied. "Why don't we eat now. Tell Sean to keep his erection until it's time to fuck us."

It would be interesting to see if he could do it all through supper.

"Slave, keep your dick hard until someone ready to fuck it."

"Yes, Mistress."

We sat down to a nice dinner of chicken salad over lettuce. I had Sean sit next to me so I could keep an eye on his erection. Sean did manage to keep his cock stiff. Not ready to cum hard, but never flagging enough for it to touch the chair as it dangled. It remained that way during the supper and the clean up afterward. We returned to the bedroom, Rhonda joining us this time around.

I lay down on the bed and spread my legs. "I don't need warming up," I said. "I'm ready any time you are." My pussy was drenched, so I wasn't lying.

Sean slid his staff into my cunt, meeting no resistance whatsoever. "Lisa could you please set a timer for twenty minutes before you start taking pictures. Shasta, if you could please tell your slave he can't cum until the timer goes off, I would appreciate it."

"You heard her, slave. No cumming until timer goes off."

"Yes, Mistress."

"Nice and slow to start, Sean," I said. "I'll tell you when to go faster."

"Yes, Miss."

Rhonda looked at Shasta, lying on the bed on her side, watching her slave fuck me. "Mistress Shasta, I could pleasure you while you watch. Just toss a couple pillows under your head, lean back and enjoy the view."

Shasta looked at her, still unsure if she wanted other women messing with her. I think Scott's words that Rhonda might be the best cunt licker we had available and the understanding she didn't have to return the attention herself finally convinced her.

"What the hell," she said, propping a couple pillows under her head and spreading her legs. "Go ahead. Might as well see what the fuss is about."

I turned to my slave. "I want you to be as pleasing as possible to our guest for her allowing her slave to fuck us."

"As you wish, Domina."

For the first ten minutes, Rhonda did nothing but tease. Shasta's pussy was leaking like crazy as Rhonda brought her to edge over and over without sending her over the top.

"Damn it," Shasta moaned. "Let me cum for God's sake."

Rhonda obeyed and Shasta screamed as he climaxed. I'd already cum three times, even Sean's slow fucking feeling great. I told him to speed up. Shasta climaxed four more times before the alarm went off and I felt Sean pumping his cum into me, his back bowed as he throbbed deep inside. I clutched his ass with my legs, trying to draw him deeper. His balls emptied, I sucked his cock clean, then told him to clean me up, Shasta watching him tidy my messy cunt as I climaxed once more.

"That does look like fun," Shasta admitted after she orgasmed a sixth time from Rhonda's tongue.

"He was originally chosen by Master to pleasure us. He would have had to suck Master's cock and be fucked in the ass under our rules. We can't fuck any slaves Master wouldn't fuck as well. He was prepared to do so if Master chose him, so slurping a little of his cum from a cunt is a much better choice for him."

"Is this true, slave?" Shasta said. "You willing to suck cock and get ass fucked by Scott if he take you?"

"Yes, Mistress. It wasn't my preference, but to become subservient and primarily fuck women, I would have done it. I greatly prefer serving you, Mistress, and Miss Bernice."

"And if I tell you to suck a cock?" She questioned.

"I would obey, Miistress. Obedience is very important for a slave."

"Get hard again and fuck Lisa in the ass. I want you to imagine getting fucked in the ass like that."

"He doesn't have to imagine it, Mistress Shasta. Rhonda can put on a strap on and fuck his ass while he fucks Lisa's."

"Okay, but who lick me if Rhonda busy?"

"That would be me, Mistress Shasta," I said. "Master wanted Lisa and I to pleasure you. Lisa give Rhonda the camera so she can take pictures for Master."

"Then I can see if Rhonda really is the best?" She mused.

"Yes, Mistress Shasta."

"Why you call me Mistress all of a sudden?" Shasta asked.

"I'm a slave, serving a Mistress on Master's orders. You should be treated with the respect due to an owner of another slave. We're not working now where I'm your boss. I'm serving you."

Rhonda got the strapless and turned it on. She lubed Sean's ass before letting him penetrate Lisa's ass. After he was embedded in her, she shoved into his, driving deep. I set my timer for twenty minutes again. I showed it to Shasta. I don't know if Sean would appreciate a twenty minute ass fucking, but Lisa wouldn't mind one at all.

Shasta nodded and said, "You don't cum before the timer, slave."

"Yes, Mistress," Sean grunted, undergoing what he was giving.

I knelt down before my friend and employee. Essentially, her cunt was a clamshell, though Rhonda had left her flowered and liquid, six orgasms in. Her clit was stiff, peeking out of her folds. I slid two fingers inside her pouting pussy, finding her g-spot before my tongue slithered over her clit. Shasta gasped and shivered into another orgasm, her sheath tightening over my fingers in quick spasms of pleasure. Her eyes closed. She tasted delightful. I was able to give her six more orgasms before the timer went off. She opened her eyes, looking at her slave, pumping frantically into Lisa as Rhonda rocked into him. Then she looked at me, her eyes smoky with lust. Her cum smeared my face.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"How you know Rhonda better cunt licker than you?"

"Lisa believes she's better between me and her and I believe she's better between Lisa and her. It stands to reason."

"You made me cum more often."

"Rhonda warmed you up and she just teased you for ten of those minutes. She's better," I said, matter-of-factly.

"Maybe I should test one more time to be sure."

I smiled at her. "Of course. Tell your slave to clean up after himself."

"Slave, you clean Lisa's ass."

"Yes, Mistress." He began lapping at the sperm dripping from Lisa's gapped ass. She'd been fucked hard there for twenty minutes.

"Lisa will clean his cock. Master told us what he wanted us to do last night. Rhonda, Shasta needs to make sure you're the better cunt licker. Make me proud slave. I'll wash the strapless for you."

"Yes, Domina."

I took the strapless and washed it in the sink. I heard Shasta cumming again. Rhonda was a good slave. I put everything away and went and sat on the bed. Lisa was finishing with Sean's cock. Her rectum was primarily closed again. It didn't take long once the fucking was over. I took the camera and sent several pictures of us getting fucked; me in the cunt and Lisa in the ass. I didn't send any pictures inadvertently showing Shasta. It wasn't my place.

"Damn, you right. This slave is better than you," Shasta moaned, cumming again.

"I think no matter how good Sean gets, he'll never be as good as Rhonda is. She licks cunt at least twice as often as Sean can because she has to please two of us," I said. "She knows what she likes when her cunt is licked and how to transfer what she likes to someone else. I've heard it said men make the best cock suckers for the same reason. Of course, they have to enjoy sucking cock in the first place. That statement may never apply to Sean."

"You can stop now, Rhonda. I never cum this much before."

Rhonda looked up at her. "My pleasure, Mistress."

"If you wish, Mistress Shasta; Lisa has cleaned off Sean's cock. If you wish to taste him?"

"Not tonight. After we go home and wash himself, he can fuck me and lick out his cum."

"If you're ready to graduate to the larger size butt plug, Mistress Shasta, you might enjoy him fucking you with the larger size in you."

Shasta grinned at us. "You haven't steered me wrong yet."

"Thank you for providing your slave for our pleasure, Mistress. He's a very good fucker."

They had started putting on their clothes for the drive home. She patted his cheek. "Yes, he is. I've enjoyed him a lot."

"Thank you for letting me fuck them, Mistress. It was very nice." He bowed to us. "Thank your Master for me."

"We'll tell him you said so, slave," Lisa said.

A half hour later, we got a response to our photos text. <em>Very nice, </em>it said. Nothing more. Lisa responded that Sean thanked him very much for the use of his slaves. We didn't hear anything back.

******

The next day went much the same, except I sucked Sean at lunch, with Lisa taking care of Alice and Melanie. Alice did Charlotte. Sean still did Shasta. I wondered if she was nervous of having a woman pleasure her again in front of the others, afraid they might think she was a lesbian or something. She had her reasons and it wasn't my place to ask. She could do whatever made her comfortable.

I was the one who cleansed my ass today. After supper, Lisa provided the cock sucking while I narrated. Shasta practiced a little on Sean, but still didn't let him cum in her mouth. He fucked Lisa's cunt and my ass, cumming to the chime of the timer, still set for twenty minutes. Rhonda pleasured Shasta again, then Lisa did her so she could see the difference between the two of them. Lots of pictures were taken to send to Master, including Sean licking my ass clean when he was done.

Shasta said getting fucked by Sean with the second largest plug in her ass was as nice as we said it would be.

Master didn't respond to the pictures we sent on Wednesday.

On Thursday, Alice asked if she could suck Sean's cock. Shasta gave her permission and she allowed me to lick her cunt while he was being pleasured. She orgasmed three times before Sean did. I noticed Shasta taking more responsibility at work, even telling Lisa and I what to do on occasion. She was the most skilled wood worker amongst us, so we found ourself doing as she said. We realized after the day was over, we were naturally becoming subservient to her as she exercised her Dominance. We were still in control, but less so. Shasta didn't abuse her newfound power, but everyone realized things were shifting. I could still be a Dominant to a female submissive, but not so much to a female Dominant, and I knew it. So did everyone else. Shasta was wearing the third largest plug.

******

Thursday night, the Strongs and Regina were coming over. Both Lisa and I cleansed our bottoms after work, knowing we would probably end up double teamed before the end of the night. We had a nice dinner with a couple bottles of wine prepared before they arrived.

As soon as they arrived, Rob said, "Ed and I haven't fucked Regina for a couple days before this so we'd be ready for you two."

He proceeded to prove it by swamping my mouth with cum when he had me suck him off. Lisa experienced the same with Edward. Both of them relishing their jizz overflowing our mouths when they orgasmed. Regina took lots of pictures, explaining Scott told them he wanted the photographic evidence when he arranged their visit.

When Regina sat down at dinner, Rhonda had to pleasure her while she ate. I sat on Edward's lap and Lisa sat on Rob's and they fingered us while we ate. I know I climaxed a couple times, Regina catching my ecstatic face and shuddering body each time I orgasmed. Rhonda was allowed to eat while Lisa and I cleaned up the dishes. They took us to the bedroom. Ed and Rob shared Lisa while I nibbled on Regina's naughty bits and Rhonda sucked her nipples. Regina was still shooting with her phone, but it was a movie and she captured every orgasm Lisa had while skewered on their thick pricks.

"Scott is going to love this," Regina said, sending it to Master. "Lisa looks so beautiful when she cums."

Lisa always looked beautiful when she orgasmed. Rhonda and I cleaned the cum dripping from her two holes, thick and creamy.

Lisa and I then sucked the men back to hardness. It didn't take long. This time it was my turn and Edward claimed my cunt and Rob my ass. They fucked hell out of me, having cum twice already. I climaxed a half dozen times on their fat pricks, filmed the whole time, knowing Master would see me in the thrall of multiple orgasms. I could no more stop cumming than I could stop the world from turning. It wasn't in my nature. I felt like an old rag doll when they finished with me, limp and with the stuffing coming out of me. Just replace stuffing with cum. It seemed near as much as they'd flooded my mouth with the first time they climaxed.

They weren't done yet. Rhonda and Regina lay on the bed with their legs spread and as Lisa and I licked them to orgasm after orgasm, Rob plowed into my cunt and Edward into Lisa. Rob was grunting as he fucked me.

"The only thing better than having Scott's slaves to fuck would be having his sister and mother here to fuck with you," Rob panted.

"Yeah," Edward replied. "I could fuck these two all night. Too bad Scott said they needed to rest after eleven, it being a work night and all."

That wouldn't apply to tomorrow and Saturday night. Did that mean we'd be busy all night long both nights, fresh meat?

It was funny. Even though they were twins, I could tell Rob and Edward apart rather easily, but when they were fucking me. I couldn't tell them apart in the slightest. You would think something would give one or the other away, but if I closed my eyes, I wouldn't know one from the other. The same thrusting, the same depth on their strokes, the same rhythm, the same moans and groans. They were interchangeable sex partners. Rob groaned and I felt his cock throbbing as he filled my cunt with cum.

Edward was finishing up beside him. They made Lisa and I lick the cum from each other's cunts before I cleaned Ed's shaft of Lisa's cum and she cleaned Rob's. Even after their pricks were clean, we had to keep going until Ed flooded my mouth again. Both men had cum in two of my holes, but only Rob used my ass. I was exhausted.

Regina said, "It's time to go home, boys. If you have anything left, I want to get fucked too." She patted my cheek. "You're such a slut. I airdropped all the movies and photos to your phone. Please send them to your Master. He's expecting them."

"Yes, Regina."

Both men passionately and completely kissed us before they left, possessing our mouths. We were squeezed tight against them as they gripped our asses. For some reason, it felt like more of a betrayal to Master than their fucking had. I was glad there wasn't a movie of that. It wasn't 10:30 yet. Various and sundry parts of me were sore. You weren't fucked by the Strong twins without feeling uncomfortably stretched in places. I sent the material Regina had taken and sent it to Master. We went into the shower and Rhonda helped wash us. We changed the sheets on the bed. Rhonda had to get ready for work. I asked Rhonda if she'd cum enough tonight. She said she could use some more, so I finger fucked her cunt as the hot water streamed over us. When Lisa and I returned to the bedroom, my phone chimed, a text from Master.

<em>Looks like you enjoyed yourselves. Good night.</em>

<em>Good night, Master.</em>

Lisa and I needed a little gentleness after the physical fucking of the Strongs. We slid into a sixty-nine and pleasured one another in a languid, liquid tangle. We didn't even bother wiping the cum from our faces before we fell into an exhausted sleep, cuddled together in an intertwining of naked limbs.

******

During Friday's cum break, Shasta told Reneé and Janet to lick Alice and Melanie. She told me to lick Charlotte and suck Sean. Sean licked Reneé and Janet, and she ordered Lisa to lick her. We all obeyed.

Since we'd cleansed last night and at least once more each already this week, we didn't feel we could cleanse again. We'd be forced to wash our temporary Master's cock if they fucked our asses. Reneé had just stayed after work, her Master bringing everything she'd need for her two day stay. She and Rhonda helped me get Lucas ready for the trip next door, getting his diapers, baby monitor and playpen ready to go. I got everything else I'd need. Sandra called and reminded us she was taking us shopping for clothes tomorrow for our bonding ceremony. She told us to be ready at ten and she'd buy us lunch after shopping. Jerry arrived around six.

I said goodbye to everyone and went next door to Chen's. Rhonda had dressed so she could help me carry everything to their house. Janet opened the door for us and we brought everything in the house before I kissed Rhonda and sent her back home, Jerry and Reneé's slave to do with as they did Lisa. The only exception to her use being Jerry wouldn't be able to fuck her cunt or ass. I'm sure the bisexual Reneé would be enjoying Rhonda's tongue in her slit until she had to go to work.

Janet had prepared a nice meal for the three of us. After putting Lucas in his crib, we sat down to a lovely dinner. Chen fed me, his hands wandering as he did so. Janet took my phone and took pictures of me squirming in Chen's lap upon her Master's command and I know my Master had ordered it so, to witness his slave being used again. I still had no clue as to why.

Supper over, I fed Lucas while Janet licked my molten core, left drenched by Chen's attentions. I wondered if my orgasms affected the taste of my milk to my child, if he received the same doses of hormones I did. He certainly seemed to be content. His eating over, I showed them both how to change Lucas's diaper, including all the steps of cleaning him, putting on diaper cream and talcum powder to keep him dry when he wet himself. When he was put down for the night, Janet led me to their bedroom. Chen's cock was standing at attention. Janet got on the bed, spreading her legs for me to return her previous attentions. As I licked her, Chen speared into my cunt, filling me suddenly. I spasmed over his prick, cumming.

As he fucked me, Janet took more photos of me licking her pussy while Chen fucked me deep and hard. As a well trained slave, I was able to concentrate on her delicious pussy even as Chen made me cum over and over again, every detail of my pleasure recorded for my Master.

I felt Chen cumming inside me and Janet told me to attend to her Master, so I sucked his dick clean before she did the same for me, lapping his cream as I writhed under her tongue, Chen taking the photos now.

I decided to take a chance once she was done and ask Chen if he knew why Master was allowing me to fuck him.

"He didn't say why, only it was very important I do so and make sure you were well used while you stayed here and to record everything we did. I'm doing as he asked."

Chen of no more help than Dan was. He knew no more than I did. Master's father being the only one who might know, and he wasn't saying.

He was hard again, watching the two of us through the camera lens, so while Janet filmed him, he climbed between my legs and fucked me again. He sucked on my milk laden breasts, taking some milk for himself and I squirmed as he plunged into my pussy and suckled a breast. He told Janet to join him and she stopped filming while she took milk from the other breast. I was climaxing like crazy, and I pulled his head up to kiss him, feeling again it was the bigger betrayal of my Master, even more than my fucking him. Master ordered me to fuck him, not to kiss him. He eventually emptied himself in me and instead of Janet cleaning me, Chen got in a sixty-nine with me, rolling over until I was over him and we cleaned each other.

Not content with a mere cleaning, he fucked my mouth until his prick spurted another load of cum down my throat. While we rested, both he and I laid our hands on Janet's swollen belly, filled with his child.

"Have you decided on a name for your baby girl yet, Master Chen?"

"We were thinking of a floral name. I like Lily or Rose or Daisy, something like that."

"Those are all lovely names, sir, and you couldn't go wrong with any of them. I've always liked Violet myself. It can even be shortened to Vi. Would you go by the Chinese words for those flowers or the English?"

"The English. Wang is Chinese enough as it is. Violet isn't bad. What do you think, Janet?"

"I like them all, Master. They are all beautiful names suitable for the child you've given me."

"Do you mind me fucking your Master, Janet?" I asked. "Especially now you're pregnant?"

She smiled at me. "Care if my Master fucks my Domina. No, I don't mind at all. I'm glad Master Scott is willing to share you with Master. I love watching him cum in another slave."

"I love watching Master fuck others as well. Most especially Lisa, but I always enjoy watching him fuck his ex-girlfriend Zoe, too." And his mother and sister, though it might be impolitic to say so, not knowing how they might feel about the California law. "It's like I'm witnessing his past history, before I knew him, when he fucks her. I enjoy fucking her for the same reason. She used to be Master's beloved and now I'm fucking her."

"Does that make us perverted?" Janet asked.

"If it does, I don't mind being perverted."

"Speaking of perverted," Chen said, "Scott wants me to fuck your ass too. If you could get me hard again, I'd be pleased to do so."

"Of course, Master Chen."

I'd always appreciated how quickly Chen responded even after fucking earlier and he didn't disappoint this time either. He was hard enough to penetrate my ass within a few minutes and after I sank over his erection to moisten his cock in my cunt, I raised up and let Janet place his shaft at my back door and lowered myself down until he filled my ass. I moved up and down over his prick, fucking myself while Janet watched and filmed, taking several close ups of his cock spreading my crinkled star. He was able to last quite long this time, twenty minutes or so before I felt him throbbing in my rectum. Janet was kind enough to get a damp washcloth to wash us both when his shrinking shaft exited my bottom with an unladylike fart on my part.

"My apologies, Master."

"I should hope so."

"I think you pumped quite a lot of air into my bottom when you fucked me."

He laughed. "Janet does that sometimes."

Janet giggled. "It's true. Sometimes I have pussy farts."

We heard Lucas start to make noise over the baby monitor. "He doesn't always sleep the entire night through, sir. I'll feed him in the other room so you can sleep."

"No," he said, "bring him here. We should get used to nighttime feeding schedules."

I rose from the bed and picked Lucas up, bringing him back to the bedroom. While I fed him this time, it was Chen who dined on my pussy, while Janet sucked his cock. I orgasmed five times before I heard him cum and Janet gobble down his cum.

"He's not really drawing milk anymore," I said. "He's sucking just to suck, like a pacifier. Would you like to put him to your breast and see what it's like?" I asked Janet.

"Please, I'd love that, Domina," she said, stroking his head.

I pulled my nipple from his mouth and he fussed a little until Janet placed him at her own breast.

"If I'm still breast feeding Lucas when you have yours, perhaps I can feed your Rose or Lily while you feed Lucas. I exchanged with Zoe once. It was nice."

Janet sighed. "I'm looking forward to my baby. Chen will be a wonderful father."

"Chen is a wonderful man," I said, "and a good Master. I see how well he treats you. He's a good lover, too."

Janet looked at her husband with love light in her eyes. "He is. I was very lucky to find him."

"I was the lucky one," Chen said. "Best day of my life when Reneé set me up with you."

"Can Lucas sleep with us, in the middle of the bed?" Janet asked.

"I'd like to change his diaper again, but I see no reason why he couldn't," I replied.

"Can I change his diaper?" Chen asked. "I'd like to see if I can do it."

"Of course, sir."

I set everything out for him and he did a creditable job of changing his diaper. Lucas was nodding off again when Janet put him back on her breast. His tiny mouth working, though not sucking. He slept between Janet and I with Chen spooned up against Janet. The next time he actually got hungry, we just turned him over so he could find one of mine.

In the morning, Chen put me on my hands and knees, fucking me again. Janet watched the baby and took more pictures, Janet cleaning my pussy and his cock of our cum. I left at eight to get ready for my day, Chen helping me carry everything next door. Rhonda was just getting home from work. I kissed Chen goodbye.

"I'll pick something out for you," I told Rhonda, "so you can sleep. It will be appropriately slutty. You'll have to watch and listen for the baby, however. I don't expect Jerry and Reneé to babysit."

"No, problem, Domina" she said. "Is there milk in the fridge?"

"I'll make sure there are three bottles prepared before I leave."

"How was your night, Domina?"

"Good. Chen fucked me several times. I need to send the photos to Master."

"Still no clue what he's doing, Domina?"

"Not a one. I guess we'll just wait to see what happens."

"You're still worried though, aren't you, Domina?"

"Until I'm sure, I'll remain worried. Only the fact Master Dan doesn't seem concerned gives me any comfort at all."

She went upstairs to shower and sleep, taking the baby monitor with her. I put Lucas in his room. He was still sleeping. I went into my bedroom and Lisa was on her back on the bed while Jerry plowed her with his big black cock and Reneé rode her face. She was taking pictures, or at least she had a phone in her hand. She didn't seem to be taking any at the moment; close to cumming if facial expressions were any clue.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
"Don't mind me," I said. "I have to shower before I go shopping today. I'll put some breakfast on after I'm done."

Lisa couldn't speak and Reneé was moaning through an orgasm. Jerry grunted, "Fine."

I was just finishing up my shower when Lisa joined me, cum dripping down her legs. I helped wash her, then brushed my teeth. Reneé was riding Jerry's cock when we went into the closet for clothes, picking some out for our shopping, though they wouldn't go on until just before we walked out the door.

"He still has something left after last night?" I asked. "Didn't he fuck you at all?"

"Every hole," Lisa said; "my cunt twice. I got the impression he saved himself for this weekend, kind of like Ed and Rob did Thursday. He flooded my cunt the first time."

"Looked like he flooded you the last time, too. It was dripping down your legs."

We prepared breakfast and called them when it was done. They came out and I asked what they were going to do today.

"I'm going to watch some NBA playoff action", Jerry said. "Reneé is working on wedding things with her mother."

"That's right. A little more than a month away. Are you looking forward to getting married?"

"More than I ever thought I would," Jerry said. "But look at who I'm getting," pulling her down into his lap, "the perfect little slave slut." They kissed and he stroked her pussy, quickly making her moan.

I took a chance and asked Jerry if he knew why Master was passing us around again.

"Not a clue, but it seemed important. He wanted to make sure I fucked both of you thoroughly."

"Seems he told everyone that," I said. "We're getting fucked several times every day."

He smiled at us. "Loving it too, from the way Lisa orgasmed last night."

Lisa guiltily smiled. We ate, cleaned up and we both sent the photos of the night's activities to Master. Neither one of us got a response, but Master was working today. I wondered what he would think when he saw them. His slutty slaves fucked to a fare-thee-well by multiple men and women. Even though I never felt badly when Master fucked other people, I knew he did, so it hurt me to cause him this pain.

Sandra came at ten and she took us in her car to this hole-in-the-wall shop in a strip mall that looked like a rat pit. Yet it had the sneakiest, lovely little shop containing nothing but cute, but slutty clothing. Sandy helped us pick out some outfits that were actual enhancements to nudity. For the bonding ceremony, she bought the three of us panties whose only crotch piece was a string of pearl like beads which would go in our slits and up the cracks of our asses. Combined with my clitoral hood piercing, I could see myself climaxing all day just from walking around. We bought the rest of the items ourselves. As for fucking, the beads wouldn't be any impediment to a cock sliding up our cunts.

Sandy took us to lunch afterwards, a much nicer restaurant at a much nicer location. The waitress seated us; three good looking women without underwear in sleazy slave clothes, one a little older. Perhaps we looked like two girls being turned out by a madame, for one person came to our table asking how much.

"You couldn't afford it," Sandra said. "No amount of money would buy even one of us."

He left despondently. That was probably true. I never felt as if Master was eager to part with us before, but this week was leaving me befuddled. Would he have wanted to sell us to some stranger to fuck if he were here? Maybe not sell, as it would be illegal, but just give us away for an afternoon of pleasure to some total stranger? I know he knew Sean, and Shasta, but having us fuck a relative stranger we'd never fucked before had me confused. At least we'd been with the others before and they were known quantities, but Sean wasn't.

"Has Master Dan given you any indication of what Master is up to?" I asked.

"I was concerned myself, as it seems my son is not acting as he was normally acting. I didn't realize he'd shut down other male sexual encounters after Memorial Day. I asked Master about it and he told me not to worry; everything would be fine. He wouldn't say more than that. Perhaps Scott feels more comfortable about it knowing my Master is sharing me."

"I don't know," I said. "I suppose it's possible. But Master described seeing us with other men as a horrible blackness, a barely contained rage, and an awful feeling in the pit of his stomach like acid burning or he had to puke. I'm not sure how knowing you are shared would change those thoughts. He got the same way with Cindy. I know he didn't want her fucking other men. It's partly how I found out they cared for one another in a non-sibling way. And to want pictures of it! It's one thing to know it's happening because you ordered it to happen, but to have photographic evidence seems excessive considering I know how he feels about it."

Sandra patted my hand. "I'm glad Cindy didn't manage to ruin your relationship and you could find a way to include her in your life."

"Any more than you could," I replied, squeezing it back, reminding her that she and her Master were now our lovers too. "It doesn't seem odd to me that I'm not bothered by it. I suppose most people would be, but somehow, it's okay. If it's important to Master, it's important to me. I worried a little about Lisa when she first joined us, thinking she might push me out of my own marriage because I knew Master was attracted to her, but I love her as much as he does. Since then, nothing bothers me except the thought I might somehow disappoint him, which is what worries me now."

Lisa smiled at me. "You're making me wet."

"Everything makes you wet, just as it does me."

"Too true," she laughed.

"We're about to undergo a bonding ceremony to confirm our relationship to each other before all our friends and family and I question what he's doing and why right now. I want this with every fiber of my being. If he did it six months from now, it might not concern me as much as it does at this moment. It makes me wonder if he wants to bond with us at all now."

"All plans are going ahead as scheduled, aren't they?" Sandra asked.

"Yes, except for sharing us with everyone, I'd have no concerns at all."

"I think my Master would be concerned if he felt there was something going wrong in your relationship. You're the mother of our grandchild. Lisa might be at some point. This would pain him if he felt it was over."

"I hope you're right, Sandy."

The rest of the meal was like most other meals between close friends and family. We talked, we laughed, we drank wine. It was nice to drink again. Since Sandra was driving, she only had one glass, but Lisa and I killed the rest of the bottle. I felt good. I'd probably feel better when I felt Jerry's man meat fuck me later, or felt Reneé's tongue slither in my cleft, searching for her Master's cum, but Sandra had reassured me a little by saying Dan apparently had no concerns.

"What time are you coming over tomorrow?" I asked.

"We're coming over at 11 AM."

"Do you want us to prepare something special for dinner?" Lisa asked.

"No. Master told me I would be preparing dinner, probably something in the slow cooker. We'd bring it with us when we come over."

"Do you know what it is? We can chill some beer or wine to go with the meal."

"He said he'd tell me later. I can let you know."

"Perfect," I said.

When we got back, Jerry was still watching basketball and Reneé wasn't back yet. He took notice of Scott's mother being present with us when as we were saying our goodbyes at the door.

"Mrs. Rivers," Jerry said to Sandra. "I've got to say you're the best cock sucker to ever wrap her lips around my dick. The night you spent at my house was amazing. Any chance your Master would object if you suck me off now while I watch the game?"

"Thank you, Master Jerry. I can check with him if you like."

"Please do."

Sandra called Dan and told him what Jerry was requesting. Apparently, she got a favorable response to her question. She started to remove her clothing as soon as she hung up.

"Master said you could have me for whatever you wished for the next hour, sir."

"He's a generous man, slave, to share you with others."

"I've always thought him generous, sir."

Jerry was watching the game nude. He pointed to his appendage, currently lying loose between his thighs. Sandra knelt on the chair in front of him and held him up so she could wrap her lips about the large helmeted head of his shaft. Lisa and I watched him grow in her mouth. Before long, she was bobbing up and down on his stiff black trouser snake, taking every inch down her throat each time, her lips reaching his balls on each downstroke. It was arousing to watch Master's mother engulfing his lengthy shaft, blonde head tinged with a few gray hairs, taking every inch of him while cupping his heavy sack in her hand. I felt like rubbing myself.

He rested his hand on her head, not holding her down, but merely to follow the rhythmic motion of her head while caressing her hair.

"Damn! You're so good at that, Sandra. Your husband a lucky man to own a slave so talented with her mouth," he groaned.

Sandra couldn't speak, but patted his muscular thigh in acknowledgment of his praise. Jerry started thrusting up as he reached his crest, moaning as he filled her mouth with his cum. She cleaned his cock, making sure it was pristine after his orgasm.

"Will there be anything else, sir? I can get you hard enough to fuck me."

"No, thank you, Mrs. Rivers. I intend to fuck all three of your daughter-in-laws holes tonight. I feel I need to save some of my energy for later. You go back to your Master and suck him as good as you just sucked me."

"Yes, sir. Thank you, sir."

While Sandra dressed again, I asked if there was anything I could do for him. Jerry smiled at me. "Yeah. You could get me a cold beer and some chips."

"Yes, Master."

Lisa said she should head over to Chen's place and see if they required her services. I removed my clothes first as slaves should almost always serve a Master naked. I asked if Lime flavored Doritos was satisfactory, or would he like potato chips. He said the Doritos were fine and I got him a cold bottle of beer and a bowl of chips. He pulled me into his lap when I gave him the chips.

"Are you horny, slave? You like watching Sandra suck my cock?"

"Always, sir," I replied. "I enjoyed it a lot."

He ran a finger through my slit to check himself. Of course, I was wet. He held me in his lap and between chips, and quaffing some of his beer, he would finger me, never letting me cum; always stopping when I got close. As a result, I was wriggling quite boldly upon his lap, hoping to get a rise out of him so he'd fuck me. I could feel his cock under my bottom, stirring as he played with me, but he never entered me.

I was getting desperate. "Please, Master, fuck me. I want to feel your big cock in my cunt pumping me full of cum." I reached beneath me to grasp him in my hand.

"No, slave. Sit still," he orders, pulling my hand off his prick. "I'm in charge. You aren't. You don't get the fucking you want until someone here to take pictures for your husband. Scott want to know I'm fucking you good. When Reneé get home or Rhonda wake up, I'll think about fucking you then. Until then, you wait."

"Master, what about finger fucking me to an orgasm. Please. I'm desperate. I need to cum so much."

"I like desperate slaves. Want you to beg for my cock before I give it to you. Don't want you masturbating or letting any other slaves make you cum. I'll let you know when I'm ready."

"What do you want for supper, sir?"

"You don't have to make supper. I'm ordering Thai food. Scott said you like one of the delivery drivers, a fellow named Marcus. He said you give him a special tip when he delivers. I already checked. He's making the deliveries tonight."

Damn! So Master had me fucking another man from my past. Marcus was a stud, and I had to admit I enjoyed tipping him before, but again, I'm wondering why Master is so insistent in making me fuck other men. And worse, recording me doing it, so he could could see what had happened. It almost felt as if he was gathering evidence for a divorce. He'd have pictures of me fucking every person we knew who recognized me as a slave.

So no matter how much I wanted it, Jerry ignored me, keeping me on edge, but never relieving me. After another half hour of torment. He told me I could get him another beer and then find myself something to do to keep myself occupied. I think he was afraid I might cum despite his restraint. I'd left quite the puddle on his thighs as I squirmed on his stroking fingers.

Giving him another cold beer, I went outside and swam laps, burning off excess energy, then sat in the hot tub, upset and confused. It wouldn't even be a question of who would tip Marcus. Lisa was at Chen's tonight. I sent her a text informing her Master still had different plans for us other than what we were used to. Jerry was ordering Thai food. It was a half hour before I received a response from her saying Chen was ordering from Boston Market, so I knew Master's handiwork was present there as well. I texted Master to call me when he had an opportunity.

Before he contacted me back, I received a call from Sharon, our usual waitress at Luigi's.

"Good afternoon, Sharon. How can I help you?"

"Does your offer to return the favor of giving you an orgasm still stand?"

"Of course. Why do you ask?"

"My husband, Phil, wanted to know why we were being invited to your ceremony next weekend. He wondered how I even knew you and he didn't. I finally told him what I did and explained what the bonding ceremony was about. He was shocked. 'You licked another woman's pussy?' he asked. I told him it was just the once and I'd never done it before or since. I just felt sorry for you because you weren't being allowed to orgasm and once I did it, your Master would let you climax as much as you needed to. He asked if you'd licked mine too and I told him no, I didn't have time for it, though you've offered to do it for me as recompense. He was silent for the longest time and I didn't know if he was angry or sad, or if we were going to have a huge fight. Finally, he asked if I'd accept your offer and he could watch.

"I was astonished. 'You want to watch a woman lick my pussy?' I asked. 'Why?' 'Two naked women licking each other. What's not to like.' I told him I didn't have to lick you anymore. I'd already done what I needed to. This would only be payback. He asked if I'd do it again, just for him. So I told him I'd ask to see if you would repay me and if I could lick you again. He's listening to our conversation now."

"Well, I definitely owe you, Sharon, and am perfectly willing to pay my debts. Whether or not you could lick me again is up to my Master. However, my slave, Rhonda has expressed an interest in rewarding you for your generosity. I could give you permission to lick her without any problem. Did you want to do it when you come to the ceremony next weekend?"

"There will be so many people there and I don't want to do this in front of anyone else but you and your family. I'm off Monday. Would it be possible for us to come to your house on Monday night?"

"I believe that's a possibility, but I will have to ask Master first. I'll call you when I've spoken to him."

"Where is he now?"

"He's building a mansion in Los Angeles, working through the weekend due to the extra time we're taking next week. He should call me when he's finished for the day."

"Thank you. We're looking forward to hearing from you."

After she hung up, I thought to myself, could my week get any stranger? I doubted it.

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 52|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-52|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<em>Scott continues to surprise his slaves by keeping them occupied with multiple individuals. Sarah visits and Sharon had a debt repaid with interest. This chapter contains oral sex, anal sex, gay sex, lesbian sex, interracial sex and taboo sex. Double and triple penetrations both occur. This fantasy doesn't allow STD's so unprotected sex happens. Enjoy</em>

<strong>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 52- Two Weeks of Fucking, Pt 3</strong>

SCOTT

I got a text from Julia asking for me to call her as soon as I could. I imagine she just found out she'd be eating Thai food tonight and Marcus would be delivering. I inwardly smiled at her consternation. Around four I had the opportunity to call.

"I loved your pictures, slave," was the first thing I said. "Looked as though you had a good time at Chen's last night."

"It was pleasant, Master," she admitted. "Do you still love me, Master?"

"Of course. Why would you even ask?"

"I'm confused by your actions, Master. You made it clear to me nearly a year ago the sight of us fucking other men made you uncomfortable, if not angry. We've done as you've asked, but now everything has changed. You have us not only fucking other men, but you want to see the pictures of us being fucked. I know it causes you pain, and I wonder why you're going out of your way to see us cause you pain? I keep thinking it's your way of learning to hate us so you can get rid of us."

"I love you more than anything in the world, Julia."

"Do you want to love us less, Master?"

"No. I want to love you more."

"Then why are we fucking other men and you looking at the photos and videos of us doing it? I don't want to hurt you, Master."

"It hurts me less than it used to," I said.

"Does it still hurt you at all, sir?"

"Yes, a little, but the pain of it is less than the joy I feel when I see the ecstasy on your face as you get fucked."

"I don't want to cause you any pain, Master; only pleasure. Don't the pictures make everything worse?"

"Nothing's worse than my own imagination, slave. The pictures are better."

"I see." She paused. "Sharon, the waitress from Luigi's called, sir."

"Is she cancelling?"

"No, sir. She said as a result of our invitation, her husband asked how she knew us and why they were being invited. She told him what happened. Rather than being angry, he wanted to see her get her reward and perhaps watch her lick me back. She was wondering if she and Phil could come Monday after work and I want to check with you."

"Rhonda and Lisa would be there?"

"Yes, Master, and probably Sean and Shasta as well if your plans remain the same."

"I'd be concerned if it was just you, but if Rhonda is going to be there and can protect you if Phil decides to get rowdy, I have no objections. In fact, if Sharon and Phil would be agreeable, Phil can get his cock sucked or fucked as well. Any one of you can suck it. I'd like to see photos of the entire episode. Ask them if they'd protest to being photographed in the act. I won't keep the photos after I've seen them to ensure you were pleasing in your service. They'll be erased after I've looked at them."

Julia was silent briefly, probably wondering what I was doing now.

"Are you sure, Master?" Julia asked.

"Quite sure."

"As you wish, Master. I'll let Sharon know your decision."

"I have another matter to discuss," I said.

"Yes, Master?" Julia asked.

"Sarah called. They are flying into Fresno before the ceremony on Tuesday. She said Ron would like to see Regina since they're going to be in California anyway. I told them they could stay at our house on Tuesday night as you'll still be there. They will get the Master bedroom as Jerry did. You will provide full slave services to them while they are there, including Ron if Sarah wishes it. In fact, why don't you invite Regina for supper Tuesday night. Give her and Ron a chance to see one another without Ed and Rob around. You may service Regina as well if she wishes it. I'll expect to see photographs if they wish slave services. Sarah will make other arrangements after Tuesday night, and come with the others on Friday."

"Yes, Master. I will obey."

"Good. I'd hate to have to punish you for disobedience before our bonding."

"As would I, sir."

"Talk to you later. Make sure to send me lots of pictures, slave. Oh, and make sure both you and Lisa cleanse your asses tomorrow. I'm sure they'll get heavy use."

They didn't yet know what was in store for them tomorrow. I liked surprises.

"Yes, Master."

She hung up and I was left with a raging boner. Too bad I was working at the moment. I'd like nothing better than to stroke my cock to the videos of my slaves satisfying Chen and Jerry last night. Even imagining her with Sharon was very stimulating. Unfortunately, I was working until six tonight, then returning to my lonely motel room. I thought of asking Brianna for the use of Dawn or Zoe, but then I'd have something my workers didn't have and I thought it was unfair to them. Guess I'd have to be satisfied with Rosie Palms tonight.

******

JULIA

Master not only didn't satisfy my curiosity regarding his intentions for us and why we were fucking all of these men all of a sudden; he was giving us more people to fuck or suck. I sighed.

I called Sharon back and told her she could come on Monday night and I gave her the address. I said Master had some special requests and I'd tell her when she and Phil got here. A short time later, Reneé came out to the patio, having finished doing whatever wedding plans she'd been working on with her mother. She found me soaking in the hot tub and sat on the edge of the tub.

"I want you to lick me to four orgasms," she ordered. "I'm so fucking stressed out right now. Mom is driving me apeshit. I don't know why she's so intent on perfection. I think she doesn't want Jerry's family to think she'd throw a wedding that was any less than what they'd throw if the tables were reversed."

"A white/black competition then," I said sliding across the tub to her spread legs.

"That's what it feels like to me," Reneé said, patting her pussy. "Maybe five instead of four. I could really use it."

My mouth descended on her cunt, already wet. Of course, as a slave herself, it didn't take me long to give her the five she craved. I added a sixth for good measure and she melted down into the tub when I was done. She kissed my cum laden face, licking some of her fluids off me as she kissed me.

"Where's your Master?" I asked, wiping my face clean in the rolling water.

"There's another period left in the game. He'll come out and join us when it's over. Then we're ordering Thai food."

"Yes, I'm to be the tip for the delivery driver," I said. "He usually takes one of my holes instead of the money."

"So, you've done this before?"

"Yes. Marcus has a cock to rival your Master's. It might even be thicker. Think of someone as thick as the Strong twins and as long as Jerry."

"Heavenly," Reneé sighed. "I wish my Master let me fuck other men as much as yours does."

"I'm scared my Master is. He wanted us to quit fucking other men when our slavery became permanent, but for the last week, I've been fucking more men than ever on his orders. What would you think if Jerry suddenly told you to fuck everyone?"

"I'd think something was wrong."

"Right, you'd wonder if your wedding was still on. I'm wondering why he's making us do this right before our bonding ceremony. I'm so confused, even though he keeps reassuring me things are fine."

"You can always say no," Reneé said.

"Yes, I can obey him and keep fucking other people or refuse, disobeying him on the eve of our ceremony where we make as permanent a commitment as we can to one another. Neither choice seems palatable to me."

"Shit, you must be as stressed as I am. Do you want me to lick you?"

I smiled and kissed her again. "Thank you for your offer, but I'm going to be fucked plenty tonight, including taking up much of your Master's time and energy. I'm sure I'll burn off all the stress I'm feeling now."

She spent the next half hour or so telling me about her day as we held hands. Jerry came out to join us.

"Go put on your Slave Trainer, Julia," Jerry ordered. His voice brooked no argument, so I acknowledged his order, got out of the tub, dried off enough to go inside and put it on. I thought to put the second one on the charger, but it wasn't there. I returned to the patio and he told me to open the app on my phone and turn it on. Again, I didn't see the point in arguing. I'm sure Jerry was following Master's instructions. I turned it on and felt the insistent buzzing which would soon turn my cunt into a needy pool of crazy desire and arousal.

"Do you know where the other Slave Trainer is, Master?"

"Chen sent Janet to pick it up a short time ago. She came over while you were out here and Lisa's wearing it."

"How long will I be wearing it, Master Jerry?" I asked.

"At least until our food arrives," Jerry said, "After it does, you need to beg the driver and I to fuck you. If you do, I'll remove the Slave Trainer."

"How long before we order our food, Master Jerry?" I asked, already feeling my juices start to run down my leg.

"About an hour, slave," he said, climbing into the hot tub with his slave, beginning to play with her.

About two hours before our food arrived, I thought. I'd be begging the whole neighborhood to fuck me before Marcus arrived. Lisa would be begging as well.

"Come into the hot tub, Julia. I heard you making my slave cum earlier. I want to see you doing it again while I play with her tits."

"Yes, Master." The equipment was waterproof and wouldn't be harmed by the water.

Jerry had Reneé lift herself up until her cunt was out of the water. While Jerry played with her perky, gum drop nipples, I licked her soft, velvety folds, making her orgasm over and over again. Rhonda woke up and joined us, bringing the baby monitor. She climbed in with us, and helped me with Reneé. After five more orgasms, I doubt she had a stressful bone in her body. I wanted to cum so bad by that point, I was ready to scream. Yet I got no relief from my torment. Jerry had done a wonderful job of keeping me on edge most of the day without allowing me a release. I wished now I'd taken Reneé up on her earlier offer.

When the time came, we went inside and ordered our food. Jerry asked Marcus to be the one to deliver our order.

"Yeah, great," Jerry said. "Thanks for everything."

He hung up and said, "Ours is the last order Marcus will deliver tonight. He can stay and play awhile."

Great, two big cocks to service for several hours. I don't know if I was thrilled or afraid. By the time he arrived, though I was aching to cum. My nipples throbbed from being hard so long. My thighs from cunt to knees were slick with my fluids. Since I had time before he arrived, I fed Lucas and changed his diaper, putting him back down when he was done.

When the doorbell rang, Jerry clipped my wrist cuffs together behind my back and sent me to the door. Fortunately, Rhonda accompanied me so she could open the door.

Marcus smiled when he saw me at the door. When he saw Jerry, who looked far different than Master, his expression changed. Seeing Rhonda and Reneé instead of Lisa gave him pause as well.

"I'm sorry. Where's your husband?"

"He's working in Los Angeles. He left his work partner, Jerry, to look after me while he was gone. Reneé is his slave. They're getting married in a month. Rhonda is my slave."

He made an incorrect assumption on the basis of color, especially since I was unable to point to the respective people, assuming Rhonda was Reneé.

"Pleased to meet you Reneé," he said sticking out his hand to Rhonda."

"That's Rhonda, my slave," I said. "Reneé is sitting next to her Master."

He looked again. Jerry's white slave, my black one. "And where's the other lady?" Marcus asked. "The one who's usually here?"

"My sister slave is next door, serving another Master," I replied.

"Scott said to offer you the slave's choice of holes or a nice tip," Jerry said, smiling.

Marcus unzipped his pants, releasing his cobra.

"Good! I can see where this is going," Jerry said. "Your boss said this was your last delivery of the night and you might be able to stay awhile."

"Yes," Marcus said, pushing down on my head, directing me to my knees. Rhonda helped lower me since I had no arms to help myself.

I opened my mouth and the bulbous head of his cock pushed through my lips. He pushed halfway in. I swallowed desperately to take him all, speechless now, my mouth full.

"Good," Jerry said. "Perhaps we could double team this needy slave."

Marcus held the back of my neck as he went deeper with each stroke. "Hell, yes," he mumbled, moaning as he got all of himself in me. He'd said other women hadn't been able to take all of him in their mouths.

From here on out, it was pretty much a face fucking, and I still didn't get to cum. Jerry handed Reneé my phone and told her to take pictures.

"I know you can't answer me, slave, but I have to ask; do you want to cum?" Jerry asked.

I nodded frantically.

"You know you have to beg in order to cum, don't you, slave?"

I nodded again, Marcus's huge cock going in and out of my throat.

"How can you beg with a cock in your throat, I wonder?"

Oh, I needed to cum so bad. How did I beg? Inspiration struck. I grabbed a handful of his nuts and started tugging gently, getting Marcus to lower himself to his knees, which he did in response to my insistent pressure downward. With him on his knees, I was low enough and I wiggled my buttocks at Jerry. He laughed.

"Good one. I'll accept that."

He unfastened my wrist cuffs so I could support myself on my hands as opposed to the cock in my mouth and loosened the Slave Trainer and lowered it down my thighs. It kept me from spreading my legs too far, but it was enough. I felt Jerry smear the head of his prick in the fluids leaking from my pussy, then he pushed in and I orgasmed, moaning like a banshee around the prick in my throat.

Jerry started thrusting hard, slamming into me, driving me infinitesimally farther on Marcus's schlong with each thrust. Thank God Marcus knew enough to pull out of my throat every thirty seconds or so, or I might have collapsed from loss of oxygen. Instead, I just climaxed, over and over again, my pussy throbbing, convulsing, each time.

Marcus had been in me longer, so he climaxed first, stream after stream of his thick cream shooting down my throat, too deep by far for me to taste him. It wasn't until I started cleaning him off I could tell what his cum was like. I hadn't finished cleaning him off before I felt Jerry pulsing his own load in my cunt. As soon as I was done with Marcus, I turned round and cleaned Jerry's cock, tasting the mixture of him and me.

"Rhonda would you like to clean the slave?"

"Yes, Master," and soon I felt Rhonda's tongue dipping into the mixture of Jerry and I, licking me clean; giving me another orgasm in the process.

"Marcus, why don't you stay for supper? I'm sure we have enough food given the slaves both got a helping of cum. After, we can retire to the bedroom and fuck this slave once more. She's wanted it all day, haven't you, Julia?"

"Yes, Master Jerry."

"Thanks, don't mind if I do," Marcus said, finally slipping out of his clothes to join the rest of us naked. I was able to take the Slave Trainer off now it was around my ankles.

"Normally, we're accustomed to feeding the slaves ourselves, putting them on our laps. We have an extra one tonight. Do you think you can handle two of them, or should we let Rhonda feed herself?"

"No, I think I can handle both of them."

"Rhonda is a lesbian, hence why she's Julia's slave instead of Scott's, so you can't fuck her cunt or ass, but she will suck your cock if you need it, and watching her and her Mistress lick each other will often get your dick hard enough for another proper fucking," Jerry explained.

Rhonda sat on one knee, and I sat on the other facing each other. Theoretically, Marcus fed us. I definitely did eat some food, but he was entranced by the two of us. He played with our breasts and cunts, licking and sucking and nibbling on our nipples. Kissed us, one at a time, or watched us kiss each other, which we were happy enough to do. Or he had us finger fuck each other as he watched, twisting a different nipple in each hand, hard enough to make us groan. I climaxed half a dozen times during the meal, but only ate half of my apportioned food, kept too busy to eat. At one point, his prick hardened again, and he had Rhonda kneel on the floor and suck his cock, just to see her do it; black and a lesbian, sucking his massive root. He didn't let her finish him, wanting a cunt for that.

"I'm ready to fuck again," Marcus said, his cock waving, glistening with Rhonda's saliva.

"Reneé, put away the food in the fridge for later. We'll have some more after Marcus leaves."

"Yes, Master."

Rhonda and I took Marcus's hands and led him to the bedroom. He was amazed at the size of the bed.

"We often have four of us sleeping together," I said. "We need the size."

"Would you like her cunt or ass, Marcus?" Jerry asked, his own prick at half mast. He tasked Rhonda to finish the job while Reneé tidied the kitchen.

"Her cunt," Marcus replied, eyeing me. "I'll take her ass later, but I'd like to be on top so I can drive harder. Would that be an issue?"

I shuddered slightly. "No problem by me," Jerry said.

Jerry was stiff enough so he got on the bed with a couple pillows behind him and had me mount him, his cock in my ass in a reverse cowgirl, then lean back against him. We both spread our legs to the side so Marcus could move up between us and he held his cock against my cunt, positioning himself before driving forward. I spasmed, releasing once more. God, I was so full. The Strong twins could take up as much space in width, but never had I had two cocks so deep at the same time.

True to his word, Marcus stroked hard and deep with each thrust, letting me feel the full length of his big prick with each plunge. Jerry couldn't do much himself, only able to move an inch or two in my ass with his prodding, but between the two, were driving me wild. Having been kept on the edge pretty much all day since Chen finished with me this morning and on the Slave Trainer for two hours, my body responded to their fantastic fucking by cumming over and over. I was clinging to Marcus's neck, rubbing my breasts against his hairy chest, kissing him as I shuddered through one orgasm after the other.

I saw Reneé, filming it, moving around the bed, catching our coupling from every angle. She moved near enough she could get a close up of the black shaft in my ass and the white one in my cunt, the two of them stretching me to the limit. I wanted to stop enjoying it so much, knowing my Master would be seeing it tonight or tomorrow, but I couldn't for the life of me stop. I loved it. Two massive cocks, filling my most sensitive holes, fucking hell out of me. By clinging to Marcus, I could raise and lower myself on their pricks, and I was, enthusiastically.

Marcus froze, deep inside me, his cock pulsing as he pumped me full of his cum. It must have taken close to a minute for his sack to empty itself. He pulled out and Jerry told Rhonda to clean him off. Reneé was told to clean me and she licked the cum dribbling from my pussy while her Master still fucked my ass. I finally felt Jerry's prick throbbing in my butt, and spasmed one last time, sending another spate of mixed cum out for Reneé to clean up.

I gingerly climbed off Jerry's shrinking shaft and Reneé cleaned my bottom as well, drinking her own Master's cum from my poor bum. I could feel her delicate tongue around the edges of my sphincter, lapping the leakage.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
We took a break, pretty fucked out at the moment. I was still lying between the two men, Marcus in front, Jerry behind.

"I thought your husband didn't want you fucking the delivery drivers anymore?" Marcus said, stroking one of my milk laden breasts.

"I thought the same," I admitted. "Not just the delivery guys, but anyone other than females. It all changed about a week ago. I admit I'm a little confused at the moment as Master hasn't explained why he changed his mind, but even with him in LA for the last week, I've been fucking or sucking guys every day."

"When did you acquire your own slave?" Marcus asked. "I never imagined a slave could own a slave."

"You remember the news reports regarding our troubles about seven months back?"

"Yeah, I was sorry to hear about it."

"I met Rhonda at that time." No point in telling him she was the police officer who helped with the problem. "She was helpful and I learned she was submissive. I can be a Dominate to female submissives, but am submissive to male and female Dominants."

"How does that work?" Marcus asked.

"Essentially the same, except as I have my own Master, she must also submit to him."

"So she's kind of your husband's slave, once removed."

I laughed. "That's a good way of expressing it. She's not usually allowed to cum every day until she's made Master orgasm first."

"The four of you sleep together in this bed?"

"Two nights a week. Rhonda works five nights a week, and sleeps in her own bed the following days so she's not disturbed."

"What kind of work does she do?"

"I'd prefer not to say," I replied.

"It's okay, Domina," Rhonda said. "I'm a police officer. We prefer to keep that information protected, so I'd ask you not spread it around."

"Wow, a cop. I would think being a cop and a submissive would be mutually exclusive."

"We know other law enforcement submissives, plus a lawyer," I said. "We come from all walks of life. I guess you could say I'm a business woman. I started my own bondage furniture business with my sister slave. Reneé is one of my employees. We also have a male submissive working for us. His mistress also works for us. We built this bed frame."

He looked at it. "This is bondage furniture?"

"Yes. Disguised. It has stocks, suspension points, St. Andrews cross, tie downs. It's quite creative. Master designed it."

"How many employees do you have?"

"Nine, all women except for the male slave. It's as many as we can handle in our basement."

"Could you hire me. I'd love working with eight women."

I laughed. "That depends. Could you submit to our female dominant and wear a cock cage?"

"A what?"

"A cock cage. A device you wear on your cock and balls to keep you from getting an erection. There are four female submissives working for us with three different Masters. Do you think they'd allow their slaves to work here if there were a randy, unfettered male around dying to stick his cock in any one of the horny sluts. Nor might the boyfriends of the non-submissive women appreciate their girlfriends working around a naked male. We work naked because we keep the house warm so the naked slaves don't get cold. Ask Master Jerry. He'll tell you the only reason we have a man working with his slave, soon to be his wife, is because he can't have an erection if his life depended on it."

"It's true," Jerry said, laughing, "and you don't strike me as the submissive type."

"Fuck, no. I have to say I enjoy some of the fringe benefits of my current job. Do you think your Master will allow you to keep fucking other men? I'd love for this to be a regular stop."

"I have no idea, since I don't know what possessed him to relax the restrictions now. For all I know, he could change his mind in a week."

"Well, you're not the only women I've had a quick fuck with on the job, but you're the only ones who can swallow all of my cock. Can I watch you and your slave lick each other. I'm almost ready to fuck again. All I need is a little incentive."

"Of course. I love licking her pussy. Rhonda take the bottom and when Marcus is ready, he can fuck my ass while you lick my cunt and his balls."

"Yes, Domina."

Rhonda lay on the bed and I got over her in a sixty-nine, my legs doubled up beside her giving her unrestricted access to my cunt and Marcus to my ass. Rhonda and I licked each other to a couple orgasms before Marcus was ready again.

"Do you need me to use lube?" He asked.

"Shove it in my cunt a few times. It will be wet enough to go in my ass after," I moaned, arching as Rhonda made me climax again.

It also lifted me high enough to penetrate me and in a half dozen thrusts, he was more than slick enough to enter my bottom, especially as loose as Jerry left it. Marcus easily slid all the way up, me cumming again as he did. Jerry and Reneé were taking more photos or movies as we fucked. With Rhonda primarily working my slit and clit with the occasional break to nibble his sack, I was cumming frequently once more. I wondered again what Master might think and feel when he looked at them later. I couldn't help how much I enjoyed it. I was a sex slave, designed to be a submissive slut and how much I enjoyed sex was a part of that equation, Master's feelings be damned. I'm sure Rhonda had her work cut out for her, keeping up with the flow of fluids escaping my cunt.

At some point, the filming stopped and Jerry fucked his future wife, plowing as hard into her as he had me. Marcus lasted twenty minutes this time, having cum twice before. Finally grunting and his cock throbbed in my back door, flooding it with more of his seed. When he pulled out, Rhonda continued licking me to gather what she could of his cum, dribbling out of my ass. When she finished, I got a warm, wet washcloth to wipe him with. Jerry finished in Reneé and Rhonda licked his cum out of her cunt before Reneé addressed her Master's prick.

"Well, Marcus, it's been a pleasure sharing this slave with you. I don't believe her Master would appreciate you spending the night and five in even this size bed is too much."

"I understand. This was great. I can't say I've ever enjoyed fucking more. Keep me in mind if you want delivery again."

"I shall inform my Master you enjoyed yourself," I said.

I helped him gather his clothes and put them on, buttoning his shirt for him. He gave me a final kiss and I closed the door behind him.

Going back to the bedroom, I asked Jerry if Rhonda and I could shower and brush our teeth before bed. He granted us permission and we took care of our ablutions before he and Reneé did the same. When they returned to the bed, we reviewed the footage taken since Marcus got here. I definitely looked like the slave slut I felt like. Jerry was hard when we were done reviewing all the photos and video so he fucked my mouth, using my third hole of the night. Reneé took more photos. It took quite a while for him to finish, having cum multiple times in the last twenty-four hours. My jaw ached before he sprayed his cum in my mouth.

"Send these to your Master per his instructions," he said.

Due to the sheer volume of material, it took three emails to send it all, after which we went to bed. I didn't receive a response before I fell asleep.

******

SCOTT

I received three e-mails from Julia around 10:30, another couple from Lisa twenty minutes later. I looked at every second of the video footage and every photo. It was hard, but I forced myself, even stroking my own cock as I watched, cumming twice, streams of cum shooting up my chest and belly as I caressed my cock to their moaning orgasms on the cocks of their temporary Masters.

The video of my squirming slave speared by both Jerry and Marcus was particularly difficult to watch, though it also caused my most violent orgasm. Julia was in her element, cumming constantly on the two massive dicks penetrating her, the look of extreme ecstasy on her face making it worthwhile for me. I'd been making purchases and plans for the bonding ceremony earlier in the evening, trying not to imagine what was going on, but this was as good a way to end the day as any other. I wasn't lying to Julia when I said my imagination was worse than whatever material I watched later.

Not only could I see she wasn't hurt, but enjoying herself in the arms of her lovers, my little slave slut. I had to admit to myself, sometimes the kisses she rewarded them with hurt more than the fucking did. I admitted to myself she was a loving woman who freely shared her kisses with those who gave her pleasure, man or woman. Jerry or Marcus would be no different in that regard than Lisa or Rhonda. It was no more a show of love any more than a handshake to me, though it was one of affection. How could you not feel affection for the person who gave you so much pleasure.

Before I went to sleep, I considered the surprise I'd cooked up for them tomorrow and had to masturbate once more to the fanciful visions I imagined.

******

JULIA

Jerry fucked me again in the morning, using my hungry cunt again, Rhonda cleaning me off and his slave taking care of him. He was gone by 7:30 and Lisa joined me soon after, almost as if they were on a schedule. Sandy called and said she was making chili and to ice down three six packs of beer, which seemed an awful lot for five people, one of whom wouldn't drink too much due to working tonight. Perhaps she was leaving some with us and wanted us to have cold spares for leftovers. There was a pause like she wanted to say more, but hung up after a few seconds without saying another word. We did as we were asked, then took a shower. Both of us needing one and Master warned us to cleanse our asses this morning.

I was feeding Lucas when I got a call from Shasta. "Hello, Shasta what's up?"

"You were right."

"Right about what."

"Right about ass fucking. Sean fucked my ass last night and again this morning. It was wonderful. I was so surprised how much I enjoyed it."

"I'm so happy for you, Shasta. You have the second largest number of nerve endings in your ass, second only to your clitoris. It's only getting used to the idea of doing it and preparing for it beforehand."

"Well, I'm glad you talked me into it. I'm thinking of letting Sean cum in my mouth during our training session on Monday evening."

"I'm sure Sean will enjoy his Mistress taking care of him in such a way. Have you told him yet?"

"No. Still not sure if I can. I want it to be a surprise if I do."

I had a sudden idea. "Would you like to thank Mr. Thornhill for his generosity by fucking him?"

"He don't want me fucking him in return for his gifts."

"That's true, and if you were doing it for him, I'm sure he'd object, but I'd be willing to bet he'd gladly do it if it were for you instead of him."

"What do you mean?" Shasta asked, intrigued.

"Well, now that you know you can enjoy anal sex, you could undergo a double penetration, but you only have one slave. If instead of offering yourself to him, you asked for his help in giving you something you'd like to try. He's more likely accept if it's for you instead of him."

"You mean tell him I want to try two dicks and I'd like for one to be his?"

"Yes, you need his help; you're not prostituting yourself for his gifts."

"Okay, I see what you mean. He's helping me get something I want. He's being generous to me again."

"Exactly. Provided his arrangement with his wife/slave allows it, I'm sure he'd accept. I suspect they allow some interplay with others. Sam and Bill have shared their slaves."

"Now I'm having sex again and enjoying it, that sounds like a lot of fun."

"You could let him fuck your cunt and Sean fuck your ass because he's already done it a couple times and knows how you like it."

"And you think I'll like it?"

"Oh, yes, the only barrier to enjoying two cocks at one time is whether or not you like anal sex. I had one last night from the two longest, thickest cocks I know. You wouldn't believe how many times I orgasmed. There's no other reason not to try it. It's kind of like fucking with a plug in your ass, except they both move. It's great. You can offer your slave to Mrs. Thornhill in thanks for his help."

"Thanks. It sounds like a good idea. I might try it."

"I want to tell you there will be other people with us on Monday and Tuesday night. They won't bother you or interfere with your training at all, and you don't have to do anything in front of them. The one on Tuesday night is another female Dominant with a male slave. She's coming from Portland, Oregon for our bonding ceremony and her slave wanted to see his ex-wife. So we're inviting them to spend the night and his wife for supper so they can spend some time together. I just want you to know."

"Okay. Who's coming Monday?"

"A waitress friend who I owe an oral orgasm to. Her husband wants to watch."

"Her husband wants to watch her cum on another woman's tongue? Isn't he afraid his wife turn out to be lesbian and she leave him for a woman?"

"I guess not," I laughed. "Most women know if they're attracted to other women by now. I think she's only doing it for her husband. I've offered to repay her before and she's not taken me up on it. She had to tell her husband how she met us and why they were invited to our bonding ceremony."

"How did you meet her," Shasta asked, "and how come you owe her a climax?"

"It was just after my slavery started and Master gave me a task to perform. I had a seduce a sales clerk in a clothing store, licking her pussy and getting her to lick mine. If I couldn't seduce her to lick me, I had to wear a Slave Trainer all during our dinner out without any orgasms. If I seduced one into allowing me to lick her, I could have two orgasms, but only if I sucked Master off under the table to earn it. If she also licked me, I could have unlimited orgasms. I only earned the two orgasms so I was suffering quite a lot. Our waitress noted my suffering and asked for the reason. I told her I couldn't get a sales clerk to lick me. She offered to lick me herself if Master removed my orgasm restrictions. Master agreed and she met me in the ladies room and took care of me. You know me. It doesn't take any time for me to cum. Because she was working, she didn't want to let me do the same for her, plus she's strictly heterosexual. If she was lesbian or bi, she might have taken the chance anyway."

"What's a Slave Trainer?" Shasta asked.

"It's a vibrator device a female slave wears, which has a phallic protuberance which goes in our cunt and also has a piece with stimulates the clit. It brings you right to the edge of an orgasm, then turns itself off. Turns itself back on when it recognizes your arousal level drops, keeps doing it over and over without ever letting you cum. The battery lasts about two and a half hours before it has to be recharged. Master keeps a second one charged so he can immediately replace it. It's the worst punishment he gives us. Worse than the worst spanking I've ever had. You can try one out if you want to see how it works."

"Sounds like hell."

"I've damned the inventor who made it to hell often," I laughed. "At least if you try it, you don't have to leave it on."

"Well, I'll see you tomorrow."

"Of course. Thanks for calling and sharing your good news."

I told Lisa about the call as I changed diapers, then Lisa took him to his nursery.

At eleven precisely, our doorbell rang. Outside was not only Sandy and Dan, but my parents and Lisa's. I suddenly realized what was likely to happen today, and it was far more than fucking Dan and Sandy. Sandra looked at me apologetically.

"I wanted to warn you, but Master prohibited me to say anything," Sandy said.

Dan was carrying a huge pot of chili. The reason for three six packs of beer and her pause in conversation apparent. It would only be two bottles of beer per person. Lisa looked as scared as I felt.

Everyone crowded in, my parents giving me kisses on the cheek as did Lisa's. They asked about the baby and were told she was down at the moment, but they still snuck into her bedroom to watch her sleep. They spent ten minutes watching her sleep. Mary and Marge came back out and helped us move our stuff from the kitchen table to the dining room and put out four additional place settings.

Rhonda, Lisa and I served the food to everyone. We put out some oyster crackers and saltines to go with the chili and poured beers. We were naked. We were always naked at home and our parents had become used to it. Mere nudity didn't scare me, but I didn't think their invitation to be present was a coincidence. I believed Master wanted us to fuck.

We sat down after everyone had their food and Master Dan stood up, clinking on his glass. Oh, no, here it came.

"May I have everyone's attention please." He waited until everyone quieted down.

"Before we get started on this great chili my slave wife has prepared, I would like to propose a toast to our son's slaves and to our mutual grandchild and all the ones to come. I also have a piece of news which most or none of you might know about."

He had everyone's attention. They were perfectly willing to toast us and their grandchild.

"Under California Law, Penal Code 285, the statute which governs incest in our state; incest can only occur from the penetration of a prohibited person's penis of a prohibited female vagina. Now Harold, that means you can't fuck your daughter's cunt, which I'm sure you already knew. What it also means is you can fuck her mouth or her ass. And Mary, your daughter can lick your cunt and vice versa without being in contravention of the law."

Fuck! He was telling my parents I could fuck them. And I could, at least if Dad didn't fuck my pussy.

"Is this true?" Dad asked.

"Yes," I said, ruefully. "Rhonda confirmed it when Master's sister was staying here."

"So Scott has fucked his sister's ass and mouth?" Reggie asked.

"And his mother's; and I've fucked his parents, once we all realized it was legal."

"This prohibition does not extend to in-laws, which is why I've fucked both Julia and Lisa," Dan continued. "So, my son could fuck Mary in any way they chose. The same applies to Lisa and her parents. Now, I'm not saying anyone has to take advantage of this law. You may have internal prohibitions which would stop you from doing any or all of the above. I merely wish to bring it up as food for thought before we start in on our chili. My son said both of his slaves enjoy having all three of their holes filled at the same time, what is known to them as being airtight. And there are three men here. This is not coincidence. It was planned this way.

"Now there are some restrictions in place made by my son. Scott, their Master; Rhonda, as a police officer; me or my wife as his parents, must be present if a parent wants to fuck their daughter to ensure no law is broken. No slave is required to fuck her parent and may get out of doing so by saying Alpha, which is their safe word. This is not a one time offer, but the restrictions will always remain in place. He wants to provide his slaves for your sexual gratification today. Scott hopes no one feels compelled to refuse, but understands if you can't. He has one other request for today. If everyone agrees that you can have sex with one of the slaves, that photos and videos be taken so he can ensure his slaves perform as they've been trained to perform. He will discipline them if they don't.

"Rhonda, as a lesbian, is not available to any male except for her mouth. All three women are experienced cunt lickers. My wife, Sandra, is also available to anyone who wishes to partake of her services. She has undergone training under Julia's guidance to ensure she's capable of providing gratification to any female. Harold, you've dated her and know how well she fucks and sucks cocks.

"My toast is to three very experienced slaves and the pleasure they provide my son; and to his children, plural, as he will soon have another with a young woman, Lucia, who helped save Julia's and Lisa's life and who they named Lucas after. If you haven't previously met her, you will next weekend. And to my wife, who has taken up the mantle of a full time slave. Now please, enjoy your meals."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
Dan sat down. For quite a while, no one said a word, nor did they eat. They looked at Dan, at the other parents, at the slaves and finally, at their spouses. I was quite certain no one would make any decision without speaking to their spouse, probably in private, but they were all considering they might have a form of sex with their child and none of it would be illegal, as long as it was consensual.

Nor had Master ordered us to have sex with our parents. He was leaving it up to us. We could bow out without consequence, but if we did, he expected us to perform well under pain of punishment. Lisa and I looked at each other. I imagined whatever we chose to do, we'd choose it together, either none or both of us having sex with our parents if they wished to.

What was confusing me is that I had no compunctions anymore fucking his parents, nor about him fucking his mother or sister. It no longer seemed abnormal to me. I'd fucked Lisa's parents on Memorial Day, and would have no problem doing so again. But my parents were another story. Even though it was under the same law, having sex with them seemed sinful in a way any other sex did not. Yet as sinful as it seemed, my cunt was dripping at the thought my father could fuck me, or that I might have to serve all three men at once.

The meal was eaten in relative silence. Not much small talk went on. There was a little talk about the bonding ceremony and all of them meeting at Master's parents house for the trip down. I knew the poker players were all meeting at Chen's, and several others would be meeting at Luigi's due to the parking available at the mall.

Lucas started fussing at the tail end of the meal, heard on the baby monitor. I stood up and asked Lisa if she could give me some assistance. Two of the other women jumped up to volunteer, but I said I needed to speak to my sister slave alone, and we'd bring Lucas out so they could enjoy him.

As soon as we were in his room, Lisa said, "What are you going to do if your father asks for sex?"

I picked up Lucas and put him on a nipple, unsure how to answer her.

"I don't know yet. What will you do?"

"I haven't a clue."

"I believe Master wants us to have sex with them," I said.

"I thought that was obvious, and no time to think about it beforehand, either."

"The thing is, I don't have an issue with Master having sex with his sister or mother, nor do I have any issues having sex with his parents anymore, or Cindy, for that matter. I've accepted it's natural for him to do so. But having sex with my own seems sinful in a way his having sex with his family does not, probably because they are my parents. It doesn't really matter what the law says; we've been raised to believe it's wrong. So I can accept him having sex with his and you with yours, because the law says it's fine, but my own is entirely different somehow, because they're mine."

"I know. I liked having sex with Dan and Harry on Memorial Day and Dan since. But thinking about sex with my father or mother is freaking me out. But despite how freaked I am, I'm also dripping wet just thinking about it. The taboo part of it arouses hell out of me."

"I feel the same. I think whatever we do, we should do together; either both of us do it, or neither does."

"What if we agree to fuck them, but say your parents don't want to, but mine do. Would you feel betrayed if I was the only one who ended up fucking her parents?"

"I don't think so. We have no choice about what our parents do. We only have our own choices. This is another one of Master's strange wishes. Wanting us to fuck all these men again, and now our parents. I wish I knew what the hell he was thinking. I'm confused about the whole thing, but I do want to obey him if I can."

"I get the feeling that means you're thinking of not using your safe word?"

"I suppose that is the way I'm leaning, but I still don't know."

"What about this? We don't say anything to our parents. If one of our parents asks for sex, that slave decides in that moment what they're going to do. Whatever they decide, the other one goes along with it. So if my father, for instance, wants me to suck his cock and I say no, you make the same decision with your own parents. If I say yes, then you're having sex with yours."

"God! I suppose that's as good as anything I can cook up. Fine. Let's do it your way. We ignore it as long as we can and whoever is faced with the choice first, decides for both of us."

We brought the diaper bag with us out to the dining room and sat down as if nothing had happened and momentous decisions weren't in the process of being made. I had a little more chili and beer as I fed Lucas. The others were kind of picking at their food as well. Lisa's parents went into the kitchen to get another beer and I heard their murmurs as they discussed the situation. When they returned, they didn't talk about it.

My parents found some excuse to leave the room together as well, no murmured whispers heard. They were too far away. I was still feeding Lucas, but the other slaves started clearing the table as no one else was even picking at their food. Dan invited the others into the living room and offered them cocktails. Mom and Dad came back and sat on the couch, Dan taking their drink orders. The house was relatively quiet. You could hear Lucas sucking my nipple as he took his milk. Finally, he finished drinking and I handed him to Marge to change his diaper. She then brought him to his room.

"So," my father asked, "according to the laws of California, it's legal for you to suck my cock?"

"Yes," I responded, "it is."

"Would you?"

There it was. Decision time and I was making it for both Lisa and I. I thought of her. I thought of Master and what he wanted and I thought about me and sex, and my father and mother and everything implied by my decision. It was at least a half minute before I answered.

"Yes, I will."

I knelt down in front of him and pulled down the zipper on his trousers and pulled his cock out of his boxers. I lowered my mouth over his growing erection and sucked him to the back of my throat. Shortly after, a cock filled my cunt. I didn't look to see who it was, but from the size alone, guessed it was Lisa's dad, who wasn't as large as Master's father in the dick department. Beside me, Mom was spreading her legs and Sandra started licking her cunt, just another slave.

Dan eventually appeared behind the couch and Father, taking photos. When my father climaxed in my mouth, I realized I was swallowing the seed which created me. I'd cum twice from the fucking, but I orgasmed again when I thought of it. Mom was cumming too. Sandy had learned her lessons well. I knew she'd had sex with Father before. I wondered if it was the first time having sex with my mother?

Since I'd made the decision for both of us, a short time later, Lisa was led into the bedroom by all three men. Sandy went with them with the camera. The door closed behind them. I'd soon find myself in the same place, but for now, Rhonda was in a sixty nine with Lisa's mom on the carpeted floor with a couple pillows thrown down.

Mother said, "That looks like fun." She removed the rest of her clothes. "Won't you join me on the couch?"

She laid back on the couch and I moved over her, lowering my cunt over her face, while putting mine between her legs and tasting the wellspring of my birth. Reggie's cum was still in me. No one had cleaned me after his fucking. It made no difference to her. She gently licked my cum soaked cunt, inexperienced at pleasuring a woman, but loving and generous towards her daughter. She followed my example and did what I was doing and it didn't take long for me to climax. Nor was she shy in climaxing as I pleasured her. We were still fucking when Sandra came out of the bedroom and took some pictures of us, our faces soaked in each other fluids. I smiled for the camera, knowing my Master would soon see these pictures. He might as well get his money's worth.

After about twenty minutes, the bedroom door opened and all four of them came out. The men's pricks all glistened with nothing more than saliva, as Lisa had performed her slave duties. The men's cum, on the other hand, was running down her legs. No one had bothered to clean the slave. Lisa's mother called her over and had her squat over her face so she could lick her clean. Marge regularly participated in orgies, so cleaning cum was nothing new to her.

The men sat down to rest, Dan getting them another drink. The women didn't need to rest; we could cum all day long if need be. Rhonda traded places with me, taking over with Mother. I went to Lisa's mom and started licking her cunt.

After the women all climaxed several more times, the men started getting restless again. Lisa, Sandra and I were tasked with getting them hard enough to fuck me. I was sucking Dad again, Sandra was sucking her Master and Lisa was sucking her father. Within five minutes, all three were sporting erections hard enough to use me. They led me into the bedroom and Master Dan got on the bed first and had me mount him. Dad chose to fuck my ass, and Reggie went for my mouth.

All the men had cum several times already, so they fucked me long and hard. Sandra came in after a few minutes and started to take pictures and video. She captured me cumming multiple times as I was triple penetrated by the three men. Dan was the first to cum, having cum one less time than the others, but he managed to maintain most of his erection from the stimulation he was receiving from my orgasms and my father's prick plowing my back door right beside him. Reginald orgasmed next, not nearly enough sperm to flood my mouth, though I was impressed he had so much the third time around. That left only Father, slamming my ass with rhythmic regularity. Finally, he grunted and I felt his prick pulsing inside me, leaving me the memento of his visit.

The good obedient slave I was, I cleaned all three of their pricks, my father's last. He patted my cheek as I finished.

"Well done," he said, kissing me, a fatherly peck, not a lovers kiss.

"Thank you, sir," I replied shyly.

"We'll leave you alone now," Dan said. "I'm sure you need to process what happened and the implications for the future. I'll send Rhonda in to clean you up. Don't see us out. We used your phone to take the photographic evidence. Don't forget to send it to your Master."

"Thank you, Master Dan."

The men departed and Rhonda joined me, cleaning me like a slave should her Mistress. Lisa came in after the others left and crawled into bed with us. I hugged her and started to cry, wondering if I'd done the right thing. The two women soothed me, first by offering words of comfort, and later, when my sobbing eased, with their mouths and facile tongues, making me cum again and again, taking my tension away. I returned the favor, only stopping when Lucas woke up again.

I got up and picked up Lucas, putting him to my breast. I collected my phone from the living room and handed it to Lisa.

"Send the pictures to Master," I said. "Everything is on my phone."

Lisa nodded and sent everything off. All we could do is wait. It was still early. He was probably working.

******

SCOTT

I received a series of texts from my slaves at around four PM. I suspected I knew the contents, so didn't bother looking now while others were around. Thornhill's house was coming along nicely. He was back in town, coming for the bonding ceremony next week, staying with Brianna and I was showing him the progress on the house.

"Looks good so far, Scott. I like it," Bill said.

"Of course, most of the enhancements I designed for your house won't be going in until we do the final trim, but I'm happy. Everyone is getting along together. Mixed crews like this don't always work out, but Sam gave me the names of some good contractors, and they all had good subs they worked with. We're actually ahead of where I thought I'd be at this point. Which is good, because of the time I'm taking off this week. I'm going to send my crew home from Wednesday to Monday, give them time to be with their families."

"I believe I chose well when I picked you for the job."

"Mr. Thornhill, I have a favor to ask."

"I'm listening."

"My wife offered her oral services to you at Christmas."

He smiled. "I recall. She didn't think you weren't too keen on the idea, I remember."

"Not at the time, but I've changed my mind. I've got something special planned for my slaves at our bonding ceremony. To really make it work, I want them well used by others prior to the ceremony. I was hoping you'd not only accept her offer, but take both of my slaves and fuck hell out of them on Thursday night; you and your wife make full use of their slave services all night long. I'll also offer Rhonda, but my wife is only allowing her oral services, not vaginal or ass, since it's her slave."

"Why? You seemed quite adamant you were opposed to sharing your slaves with other men at the time."

"My father reminded me of something recently. He thought long and hard a year ago when I acquired my slaves and was sharing them briefly, about fidelity and marriage. When he decided to accept my mother's full time slavery, he decided there wouldn't be any restrictions on her use. He told me he knows my mother loves him, and there's no doubt in his mind of it. There is nothing she could do which would ever make him doubt it. So fucking other people with his knowledge and permission is like someone buying new clothes. It doesn't mean they're tired of the clothes they have now or they'll quit wearing them. It only means they want to try something different. It makes a ton of sense to me. I have no doubt how much I'm loved. It's demonstrated to me every day. I believe you could offer your fortune to them and they wouldn't leave me. So why am I so scared? Because that's what it was; fear. Fear I'd somehow lose them. I can't cling to them. It's like water. Trying to cling to it in your hands makes it all squirt out. Holding your hands loosely, like a bowl, you can hold it.

"So while I've been gone, I've been making sure they fuck as many different people as they can. And while they're here, starting Wednesday, I'm going to offer them to Brianna, you and Sam on Wednesday, Thursday and Friday nights. Prior to the bonding ceremony, I'm going to offer them their freedom. I want them to choose again, who or what they want. If they don't return to me, I never owned them in the first place, no matter if I called them my slaves or not. It was pretentious to believe they were mine. If they are truly mine, they'll choose me, no matter what they're offered. But I want them to know the other possible choices which are out there, so I want them fucking and subservient to other people, including you. It's why I'm asking for this favor on your part. I want them to know what other choices they could be making instead of me. It's important to me and for their decision."

Thornhill was quiet for a long time, thinking about what I'd said. "I've never heard it explained quite that way and I have to admit it makes some sense to me as well. I've sometimes wondered if we shouldn't have marriages which would only last a year, and you'd have to renew your vows for another year if you wanted to remain married after the year was up. If it's someone you truly loved, it would make you try harder during that year knowing they could walk away at the end of that time if they no longer felt the love. You'd have to do the same thing every year on your anniversary to remain married."

"You're right," I said. "I'm going to make that another element of their slavery. Each year, they have to renew their commitment as slaves to remain so. I'll remove their collar and they have to hand it back to me to re-collar them if they wish to remain my slave."

"You've given me a lot to think about in relation to my own slave, Scott. I like your idea. Of course, the fact that my slave is also my wife, as is one of yours, makes it more complicated, but it does seem you've put some thought into this. If you still feel the same way on Thursday, was it..." I nodded. "I'll accept your slaves with gratitude and affection. I'll make sure they'll be well used per your desire."

"You'll know if I do. I'll make it plain to everyone, including my slaves. Thanks, Bill. I really do appreciate it. If you'd speak to Sam about it, I'd appreciate that as well. I don't want him thinking I've suddenly lost my marbles. I'll speak to him myself when I see him on Wednesday, but it might help if you paved the way for my suggestion."

"Be happy to. Once again, good work on the house, and thanks for the other things you've given me to consider."

"Take care. I'll see you Wednesday."

Later that evening, I looked at the photos and videos recorded of my slaves and their parents. Despite the circumstances, the cries and moans of pleasure and the signs of ecstasy on their faces was evident. I hadn't known what they would do given the choice, but I'd made my desires known through my father. They'd chosen to accept my wishes despite how they might have felt about it. To me, it proved again how obedient they were, as I suspected they wouldn't have done it if left to their own choices. Of course, it was guesswork on my part. Both of them had sucked their father's cocks and been fucked in the ass. Both of my slaves had licked their mother's cunts, Julia in a sixty-nine with Reggie's cum in her cunt.

I called after supper having watched it all, masturbating a couple times in the process. I had them put the phone on speaker so I could speak to all of them.

"Good evening, ladies, or should I say slaves?"

"Slaves is probably more appropriate, sir," Lisa said.

"Were you surprised today?"

"Yes, Master," Julia said, "but everything you've done recently is a surprise. I hardly know what to think anymore."

"There is a method to my madness, I assure you."

"So says Master Dan," Julia replied, "though I don't know what to believe myself, sir."

"It appears from what you sent me, you enjoyed yourselves, despite the surprise."

"I'm a sex slave, Master. There is very little about sex I don't enjoy."

"Despite fucking and sucking your father and licking your mother?"

"Despite that, sir," Julia confirmed.

"And you Lisa. You appeared to enjoy the triple penetration you took with your father fucking your ass?"

"I enjoyed it, even though it made me uncomfortable."

"I didn't know what would happen given the opportunity, whether your parents would want to fuck you or if you would fuck them if they asked. I'm happy to see it worked out as well as I hoped."

"Why are you happy, Master?" Julia asked. "You want all of us having sex with our families?"

"I don't expect it to happen frequently, but I began to believe as you did. Eventually, those people closest to us would find out about me and Cindy and my mother and learn about the laws as it applies to incest. Once they found out, it might have happened anyway, but now the rules have been established. It will never happen without someone being around to control it, just as Brianna controls access to my sister. If it should happen in the future, the ice has been broken and it shouldn't be a severe shock to anyone, nor will my rules be broken. You've granted me the opportunity to be with Cindy. You can't tell me there isn't a tiny part of yourself that hasn't wondered what fucking your father would be like."

"Yes, I admit that. Despite my trepidation, I was aroused by the possibility. When he orgasmed in my mouth, I thought, 'this is the sperm that made me', and I climaxed myself. When I was licking Mother's cunt, knowing it was where I came from, a twisted part of myself took pleasure from the knowledge. I know I'm different."

"As are we all. We're not the norm. I know we aren't. We may not be the total perverts some people might believe we are, but we're polyamorous, a Dominant with two submissives, one who possesses her own slave. That alone makes us different. Everything else is just icing on the cake. I'm willing to take responsibility for what I am and admit I'll never be normal again. Just as you admit you're a slave slut who loves sex, I'll admit to loving and possessing two slave sluts."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"So you still love us, despite giving us to all the men you have recently?" Lisa asked.

"Always and forever."

"Why now?" Julia asked. "Why not six months ago or six months in the future? Why so close to our bonding ceremony?"

"Because I chose now and I'm the Master, unless you choose to abandon your slavery."

"An easy choice. I never want to abandon my slavery."

"Great."

"Have you been able to fuck anyone since last Sunday, Master?" Lisa asked.

"Only Rosie," I answered.

"Who's Rosie?" Lisa asked.

"Rosie Palms," Julia said. "It means he masturbated."

Lisa laughed. "I'm sorry we're not there to grant you relief, sir."

"Me too. Only three more days."

"We miss you, Master," Julia said, "despite the people you've had us fucking. They're not our Master."

"I miss you too, slaves. Have a pleasant evening. Good night."

"Good night, sir," three voices answering as one.

I hung up, rewatching the movie of Julia getting fucked again while sucking Harry's cock, stroking myself as I watched. When Harry climaxed down his daughters throat, so did I.

******

JULIA

Shasta was becoming more confident in her Dominance each day. When we had our cum break, she assigned everyone their task, and everyone accepted her orders. I had to lick Alice and Janet, the two sisters, to orgasm, Lisa sucked Sean, Janet did Melanie. Reneé did Shasta as she wanted to find out if Reneé was as good as Rhonda had been. Sean licked me and Alice did Melanie. After work, I demonstrated fellatio on Sean once again as Shasta watched intently. After I sucked him dry we took a break for supper.

Sharon and Phill arrived as we were cleaning up. Of course, everyone was naked, which intrigued Phil no end. His eyes were flitting from one naked female to another like a butterfly. Sharon panicked seeing the other people present.

"I only wanted you to be here, and perhaps Lisa or Rhonda. I can't do this in front of other people."

"I understand and they won't be present," I said. "Lisa will bring them into another room where she's helping them acquire new skills. Sharon and Phil, this is Shasta, one of our employees, with her slave, Sean, also an employee. Shasta suffered a tragedy a few years back which left her emotionally and physically traumatized. She's trying to overcome that trauma with our help. Lisa will help her tonight in my absence. Of course, you know Lisa and Rhonda. Everyone this is Sharon, our favorite waitress and someone to whom I owe a debt of gratitude for a service she rendered, and this is her husband, Phil. As soon as we finish tidying up after supper, Lisa will depart with Shasta and Sean, leaving just the four of us to repay my debt."

Sharon visibly relaxed, once she knew she wasn't going to be on display. "Can you tell me what your husband wanted?" Sharon asked.

"I'll explain when the others are gone," I replied smiling.

We finished our chores and Lisa took Shasta and Sean upstairs, along with the baby monitor, so she could respond if Lucas got hungry. I had a bottle prepared in the refrigerator for just such an occasion. We would be using the Master bedroom with the door closed. I brought them inside and locked the door.

"Phil, I'm perfectly willing to play the good hostess and satisfy your wishes in observing what happens, but it's to be under my rules. Rhonda is a police officer and if you don't exhibit the proper respect or try to exceed what's allowed in any way, she will hurt you and possibly arrest you. I'm not yours. I belong to my Master and only my Master. What I'm doing is what he allows and only what he allows, nothing more. Are you willing to abide by those rules?"

"S-sure, no pro-problem," he stammered.

"This is something I owe your wife, not you. I'm doing it for her, not you."

"O...okay. I understand." Nodding his head.

Convinced he wouldn't be an issue, I addressed the next subject.

"My Master wants to know we are performing up to his expectations and we're being obedient his wishes. In order to ensure we're doing as we're told, he wishes photos to be taken documenting what we do and for them to be sent to him. After seeing them, he will delete them. They won't be kept, put on the internet or in any way used to harm you. He wants to know we're being good at what we do and obeying him."

I saw Sharon get this horrified look on her face. I doubted she'd ever let her husband record them having sex and I was asking to record her while she and I were having sex. On the other hand, she'd licked me in a restaurant bathroom, a woman, for the first time in her life ever, and was here with her husband now to watch her do it again. Maybe there was room for flexibility.

"I know this might make you uncomfortable. More than uncomfortable. You may have never done anything like this before. If I were a normal person, I suppose I would be. Every act of sex I've engaged in for the last week has been documented for him. I was afraid, not that I was being recorded, but it might cause him pain he wouldn't need to experience if he didn't witness me having sex with others. If you don't wish to do this, he would understand. He says that his imagination is worse than any photo could be and he'd prefer a photo to guessing what I'm doing. He'd like to offer an incentive to make it more palatable for you. If you agree, I'm offering a choice of two alternatives, based upon you and your marriage. Phil can either fuck me, or I can suck his cock. That's choice one. I know you're pushing the boundaries of your marriage a little by being here tonight. I'm unsure how far you wish to push those boundaries.

"If doing either of those things would cause stress in your marriage and this option is unacceptable, I would suggest option two. After either I or Rhonda engage in oral sex with you with your husband watching, it's very likely he would find himself with an erection he would like to relieve. He could make love to you and after he's cum in your pussy, the one who hasn't had oral sex with you yet, will eat his cum out of you, giving you three more orgasms more than what you've already had. Those are the two things I came up with off the top of my head, but I'm willing to consider any options you might suggest to me. Again, you don't have to be recorded but Master would prefer it if we were. I'm willing to negotiate reasonable terms to satisfy my Master. Rhonda and I will step outside the room and give you time to discuss it. Knock on the door when you've come to a decision."

Rhonda and I left and went into the living room. About fifteen minutes went by and I began to think they'd just give it up and go home. I was asking a lot. They finally knocked on the door and we went back inside.

Sharon spoke first. "I'm sorry to ask, but does your Master ever fuck your ass?"

"All of my holes are available to Master," I said, smiling so she would realize I was not offended by her question.

"I don't want to have anal sex, but Phil would really like to try it. Would you let him have anal sex with you in return for some photos?"

"No, I enjoy anal sex. I'd be happy to accommodate his desire to try it out. I could make another suggestion. While you and I have oral sex in a sixty-nine, Phil could fuck my ass then. You would have a close up view of him fucking me. It would have to be me, however. Rhonda is not available for any sex other than oral."

They looked at each other. Phil had a pleading, puppy dog look on his face.

"Even if you like it, I'll never do it for you," Sharon said. "It's one and done."

"I understand, but I'd like to try it just once."

She turned to me. "If you're willing, that would be the price for photos, but I do have one other thing I'd like to ask."

"What is it?"

"The device that made you so miserable I had to help you. I'd like to try it on for myself to see why you were so desperate to orgasm."

"You want to try on a Slave Trainer?" I asked.

"Just to see what it's like."

"For a slave like me, it's hell, but you can try it. I'm going to suggest you do so without your husband in the room."

"Why?"

"You'll see when I show it to you."

"I don't have to decide this instant, do I?"

"No. Nor does anyone else have to be present. You can try it in privacy and knock on the door when you're ready to stop."

She nodded. "What do we do to get started?"

"Why don't you make yourselves comfortable for starters. No one will need clothes for what we're about to do?"

They started to remove their clothes, Phil more eagerly than Sharon. Phil was pretty normal, average height, average weight, average cock, nothing I need worry about having in my ass. Sharon was perhaps a bit plump, not fat by any stretch, but with a few added pounds. She looked fit and athletic otherwise, spending much of her time on her feet.

"I'm sorry I'm not prettier," she said, as the last of her clothes came off.

"You're beautiful," I said. "Honestly, I find how a person is on the inside means much more than their appearance. All looks fade, but internal beauty is always there. You rescued me when I desperately needed it. I would have gladly repaid you months ago for your generosity and kindness. Why don't you lie on the bed, get comfortable, and Rhonda will start with you and we'll end with me."

"Do you need to start taking pictures yet?" Sharon asked.

"No. Rhonda is my slave and I can see whether or not she's performing well as a slave. Master is only interested in what I do. Phil why don't you sit next to Sharon and hold her hand. She seems nervous and I'm sure she'll be comforted by your nearness."

I waited for Phil to sit and take his wife's hand. Her legs were together, almost afraid to spread them. Rhonda would address that when she started.

"Rhonda, Miss Sharon was very kind to your Domina. I wish you to show her the greatest amount of pleasure you can."

"Yes, Domina."

Rhonda got on the bed, kneeling over Sharon's body. "I'm going to make you feel so good, you're going to think you're in heaven," she whispered throatily. She leaned down and kissed her lips. Sharon just held still, shivering for the first dozen seconds, but Rhonda's kiss was insistent and eventually Sharon's lips parted and they kissed like lovers. Sharon started to relax, getting into the kiss, eventually putting her arms around Rhonda and pulling her down against her body. They remained like that for five minutes, with Rhonda gently rubbing her naked body on Sharon's until finally she moaned. Phil's cock started to grow.

"Pay attention to what Rhonda is doing, Phil," I said. "If you follow her example and practice what she teaches, your wife will never be tempted to stray. You'll have Sharon panting for your tongue every night."

Rhonda began moving down, kissing Sharon's neck, nibbling at her ears, the hollow at her throat. I could see Sharon squeezing her husband's hand a little harder. After spending some time in that vicinity, Rhonda moved lower, kissing the tops of her breasts, and the sides, then the bottom before suckling the taut nipples for the first time. Her back arched and Sharon moaned some more. Rhonda knew how to please a woman and she was doing everything in her power to please Sharon. Phil's cock was a flag pole now.

Continuing to caress and stimulate Sharon's breasts with her hands, Rhonda kissed her way down Sharon's abdomen, poking at her belly button with the point of her tongue, nipping lightly on her love handles. Sharon's legs started to spread on their own, knowing what was coming and no longer concerned for her modesty. Rhonda kissed her way down to the delta of Sharon's pubic hair. I could see moisture beginning to form on her pussy, glistening on her curls in the light. Sharon groaned when Rhonda skipped over her cunt and started kissing her inner thighs from the knees upward. She took another five minutes to work her way back up. Rhonda was blowing lightly on her sex and Sharon spread her legs wider in anticipation.

Sharon moaned when she felt Rhonda's tongue touch her folds for the first time, a light lick, a kiss, a brush of her tongue, a gentle nibble of the labia, unfurling with her arousal. Phil started to touch himself, lightly stroking his cock with the hand not holding his wife's.

"Warn me when you're about to cum, Phil," I whispered. "I'll catch it in my mouth so you don't mess the sheets."

He looked at me, startled. I nodded in answer to his unspoken question. He started stroking himself harder, almost hoping to cum now.

Rhonda was licking the dew collecting in Sharon's slit, and she orgasmed for the first time on a woman's tongue, a shallow scream erupting, holding Rhonda's head against her sex as she humped Rhonda's mouth. Rhonda speared into her sheathe with her tongue, encouraging her climax, collecting her cum. She hadn't even touched her clit yet.

"Oh, fuck!" Phil said, "I'm going to cum. Fuck me! I'm almost there."

I lowered my mouth over his prick, locked my lips around the crown and felt him explode, painting my tonsils with his sperm, his groaning rivaling that of Sharon, cumming for a second time. He was squeezing her hand as hard as she was squeezing his. I made sure I gathered all of his discharge before releasing his cock.

"Oh, God! Thank you," he gasped. It wasn't God he should be thanking, but who was I to quibble.

Rhonda inserted a couple fingers in Sharon's cunt and began her oral assault on her clitoris, lightly scraping the g-spot on the roof of the pubic wall. Sharon started bucking upward, cumming again, thrusting her hips at the source of her pleasure. Rhonda kept her lips locked over her clit, sucking softly. It was something I knew well and I smiled at the rapture on her face.

After a half dozen of the best orgasms Rhonda could provide, Sharon was close to a limp puddle on the bed. Rhonda rose over her body again, kissing her some more, letting Sharon taste herself on her lips. Sharon responded immediately to the kiss this time, opening her mouth for Rhonda's tongue to dance with hers as they rubbed against one another.

Rhonda finally broke the kiss. "Was I pleasing to you, Miss Sharon?"

"Oh fuck, yes, very pleasing, Rhonda. I enjoyed it immensely. You weren't kidding about heaven," Sharon giggled.

"Phil, your orgasm should allow you to last a little longer and not cum in my ass too soon," I said. "But I suggest you give Sharon and I about ten minutes before you start fucking me, and I wouldn't stroke your cock again. It will get enough stimulation soon enough. Now normally, I would ask you to use some lube before you fuck my ass, but I'm very wet right now. Just fuck my cunt six or seven strokes before you put your cock in my ass and I should do just fine.

"Sharon, Rhonda is going to start filming now that you and I are going to start having sex. She'll keep filming while Phil fucks me. When we're done, we can watch it together before I send it to Master. After it's sent, I'll delete it from my phone. I don't know when he'll have time to watch it, but he'll delete it as soon as he's seen it and decides I don't need to be punished for not being sufficiently pleasing to you both. If after we send it, you would still enjoy a little more, I will suck Phil's cock and Rhonda will lick you again until Phil cums. I expect you'll have three or four more orgasms in the time it takes me to extract his cum as it will be his third time tonight. When we're done, I'll let you try the Slave Trainer. Would you find that satisfactory?"

They looked at each other. "I think it would be amazing," Sharon said. "It's already more than I ever expected."

"Once you wear the Slave Trainer, you'll realize why I'm so willing to repay my debt to you tenfold." She nodded. "You need to turn around on the bed, put your head down here," I patted a place on the bed, "so Phil has a little room behind me to fuck me. Don't concern yourself with how well you're pleasing me. It's primarily a show for Phil as I don't expect you to be good at pleasing a woman. However, I'm a slave and cum easily so don't be surprised if a little extra moisture flows into your mouth when I do."

She nodded again and moved into the spot I indicated. This time her legs were spread, long past any shy feelings she might have felt earlier. I got over her and lowered my dewy folds over her face until I felt her tongue tentatively lick at my slit. I moaned to let her know I appreciated what she was doing and lowered my mouth to her sensitized pussy, still frizzing slightly from her last orgasms. She gasped when my tongue rasped over her clit and down her cleft. I figured she could have three or four more orgasms before Phil started fucking me. Depending on how long he lasted, she might cum seven or eight more times. I hoped she would feel well rewarded for her kindness to a new slave desperate to cum.

As expected, Sharon climaxed four more times before I felt Phil climbing between my legs. I'd cum twice so I wasn't disappointed. Sharon was doing as well as she could based upon her experience level. I raised up slightly so he could get to my pussy and climaxed a third time as he slid into my cunt. I think he was tempted to finish there, pumping eight or nine times, but realized he might not have another opportunity like this one. He pulled out and I felt the head of his prick against my starred sphincter. He slowly pushed in and when he was all the way inside, with his balls slapping against my pussy, I lowered again to make it easier for Sharon to lick me, maintaining enough upward pressure so I wouldn't smother her in my folds.

Phil might not have the biggest prick in Fresno but he'd been fucking long enough to develop a little skill and he found a nice rhythm quite pleasing to my bottom. I started to cum as often as Sharon. I'm sure it made Phil proud of himself to hear me moaning as often as his wife. Sometime after perhaps ten minutes, I could tell he was getting close to cumming. He was driving harder into my ass and I'm sure I was slamming harder in Sharon's face as a result, but she didn't seem to care, still licking me fiercely.

Grunting, Phil throbbed inside my bottom and I felt the increased wetness associated with an orgasm. He continued stroking until he started to shrink, then pulled out. Sharon continued to lick me, despite his cum dribbling out of my ass and down to my pussy. Hell, if she wanted to keep my sheets cleaner, I didn't mind in the slightest. I heard Rhonda in the bathroom getting a wet washcloth for Phil's prick, which she also used gently on me, touching up my bum. Eventually, Sharon stopped licking me and I climbed off of her. Her face was covered with my cum and I asked Rhonda to bring another washcloth, using it to wipe first her face, then mine.

"I wish to thank you again for taking pity on a new slave, Sharon. It was one of the kindest gestures I've ever heard of; licking the cunt of a woman you barely knew when you'd never done so before because you took pity on her," I said as I swabbed my fluids from her face. I kissed her. "I hope you feel repaid for your kindness."

"I do," Sharon said. "More than repaid."

"Phil, did you enjoy the show? Did it meet all the expectations you might have had when you came tonight."

"Better than I hoped and more than I expected," Phil said. "Thanks for allowing me to fuck your ass."

"As you could probably tell, I enjoyed it as much as you did. I don't want this affecting your marriage. Are you both good with what happened?"

They looked at one another. Phil took Sharon's hand and squeezed it. He smiled at her. "I'm good, honey. Are you good?"

"Very good," she replied. "Our biggest and best sexual adventure ever."

"Good," I said. "Now let's take a look at the material Rhonda shot for Master. Get comfortable."

We went through the photos and the video, sending a collection of pictures and three videos to Master. One of the videos was Sharon and I alone, one was Phil fucking my ass as we pleasured each other, the last of Sharon licking the cum dripping from my ass.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
By the time we'd watched and sent them, Phil was hard again and Sharon said. "I can't believe I'm horny and wet again. Oh, the look on my face when you made me cum."

"Now you know how I feel all the time," I teased. "I want sex all the time. If I didn't have responsibilities, I'd be fucking constantly. Being a slave has turned me into a horny slut, but I have an antidote to both your problems. More sex. I want you to watch me delete this from my phone so you know I'm not keeping it."

I proceeded to do exactly that, then set the phone aside. "Phil, I'm going to suck your prick until you cum again. Rhonda will pleasure Sharon until you cum, at which time we'll need to stop. All right?"

"I can't believe you're going to let me cum some more," Sharon said, "but I love it." She leaned back and spread her legs for Rhonda.

I took Phil's cock in my mouth and gave him a full fledged blow job, sucking him down to the root. Apparently, he didn't realize I could do so as he exclaimed. "Christ, you're deep throating me. Fuck! How do you do that?"

It was easy. Compared to Marcus or Jerry, his cock was a piece of cake. Even Master and his father had an inch or so on him. The only comparable cock to his was Chen's. I made him give up his third load within fifteen minutes. Sharon had already cum four times.

I sat up after cleaning Phil. "Except for Sharon trying the Slave Trainer, we're done," I declared. "Phil if you step out of the room with Rhonda, she'll give you some refreshment; something non-alcoholic, coffee, tea or soda. I'll join you shortly. You may want to bring your clothes with you so you can dress."

"Sure." He grabbed his clothes and followed Rhonda out of the room. Rhonda closed the door after they left. I got the Slave Trainer from it's storage drawer and showed her how it worked and how to put it on. She put it on and I adjusted to straps so it was snug, tight against her clit, still on the excited side, peeking shyly from its hood. I turned it on with my phone and was about to leave the room.

"Wait," she said. "Why did my husband have to leave the room for me to test this?"

"Lie down on the bed and relax again," I replied. "Give it about ten minutes and I'll tell you."

She got on the bed and lay down and I sat beside her, holding her hand. After a couple minutes, she started moaning, "Oh, God. I'm going to cum again."

"No you won't," I smilingly said. "Wait."

In seconds it shut itself off.

"It just quit," she said. "The battery must have died."

"Nope. Wait."

A couple minutes later, she startled when it began buzzing again. "Oops, there it goes again."

It didn't take long. Sharon was already in a high state of arousal due to our night of sex. It stopped again.

"No fair," she complained. "I was just about to cum again."

"That's the purpose of this blasted device. To keep you on the edge of cumming, but never letting you cum. It will keep this up for two and a half hours before the battery dies for real. I'll get an alert on my phone that the battery has died and I can remove this one and replace it with a fresh one."

"That's diabolical!" Sharon exclaimed.

"Now you know why I needed your help so much that night and I was so relieved you were willing to lick my cunt. Except for two brief orgasms for sucking Master's cock under the table, I would have suffered all night long just like this.

It started again and she was soon moaning, hoping to cum, but her hopes were quickly dashed.

"How does it know to shut itself off?" Sharon asked.

"I'm unsure myself. Master might know, but he wouldn't tell me. I've wondered if it could detect fluid build up, temperature changes, detect contractions beginning to form in my cunt, electric potentialities. Obviously designed by someone who understood a woman's orgasms, but not a woman unless she was the cruelest bitch in history. It just works."

"So you still haven't told me why Phil couldn't stay in here."

I laughed. "I was protecting you. Imagine Phil seeing you squirm in that device for awhile and what he might be able to do with it."

"Like what?"

I tried to mimic Phil's voice. "Sharon, I'm not going to take your Slave Trainer off until you agree I can fuck your ass. Or Sharon, I'll turn it off after you manage to get all of my cock down your throat. Believe me, you'll agree to almost anything to get it to stop, including letting some stranger lick your cunt in a restaurant bathroom. It's how I learned to deep throat, swallow cum, and lick cunt."

"Oh, hell. You're right. Take it off. Take it off now. I can never let him know about this."

I laughed and turned it off and helped her remove it. I put the phallic piece in my mouth and licked it clean. "Your fluids taste delicious," I said.

"Now I need to fuck again," Sharon said.

I pulled her into a close embrace and began kissing her while my fingers found their way into her cunt. I finger fucked her to two quick orgasms, feeding her my fingers when I was done.

"Go home and fuck your husband," I said. "I'm sure he's still got a little cum left in him and he should be able to fuck you for at least fifteen minutes before he cums again, maybe longer."

"Thank you. I think I will."

"We'll see you Saturday then."

"I probably could keep Phil away after tonight. I'm sure he wonders what other tricks you've got up your sleeve."

"Slave girl tricks. I've got a few more, but Phil probably won't be able to enjoy them, unless you wish to learn them yourself. We could teach you to deep throat his cock and enjoy a good ass fucking."

"Phil would certainly be in heaven if I could do those. What tricks could you teach him?"

"How to lick cunt better."

"That alone would be worth it. I never realized I could cum like you made me cum."

"Tricks of the trade." I handed her the clothes she'd removed. "I'll let you dress in private. Thank you again. What would you like to drink on the way home?"

"Iced tea if you have it."

"Iced tea it is. I'll have it ready for you."

I left her to get dressed and got her an Arizona Iced Tea from the fridge.

"What did you talk about in there?" Phil asked, drinking a mug of coffee. He'd probably need the energy provided by the caffeine.

"I told her to take you home and fuck you, Phil. After wearing the Slave Trainer a few minutes, she wanted to cum again, but our time here is done, so it's up to you. I said I'd see you next Saturday at our bonding ceremony. My debt is paid now. I hope you paid attention when Rhonda was licking her cunt." I kissed her, putting an arm around her. "She's the best cunt licker here and could teach you a lot if you were attentive to more than stroking your dick."

He laughed. "Probably not enough. It was too much of a rush watching to actually pay attention."

"You can bet Miss Sharon was paying attention," Rhonda said. "If you listen to her and what her body and moans are telling you, you can learn to lick pussy like a lesbian."

He laughed again. "I'll keep it in mind."

"No better way to please a woman; keep her happy. Your tongue can last longer than your erection does," Rhonda said.

I kissed her again. Sharon came out dressed, some lipstick on, but she still looked freshly fucked. The only thing she lacked was the bow legged walk of someone pounded hard in the pussy.

I handed her the ice tea. "Goodbye and I hope you enjoy the rest of the evening as much as you enjoyed the beginning."

Sharon took Phil's hand and with a smoky voice said, "I can almost guarantee it. Let's go baby. You still have some work to do. Ta-ta girls."

******

Rhonda went to get Lisa, Shasta and Sean, bringing them back downstairs and into the bedroom.

"How has your training gone, Shasta?" I asked.

"Well, I finally get all of Sean's cock in my mouth. It was tough. I keep wanting to gag, but Lisa show me how to do it. Just giving Sean a rest before we try it again. He can get hard again, but probably nothing in his nuts. Hoping to swallow his jizz this time. Cough most of it up last time. Kind of surprised me when he blow his load."

I laughed. "It does help to recognize the signals. You can tell him to warn you if you don't see it yourself. He should have done it anyway. Perhaps he should be punished. Have you taken a paddle to his ass yet? Or you could whip his cock and balls. I'm sure he wouldn't forget to warn you the next time."

"I'm sorry, Mistress," Sean scrambled to say. "It won't happen again. I thought you knew."

"How many times I suck your dick, I'm such an expert already," Shasta said. "I should forget about sucking you at all you have no more manners than that."

Shasta winked at me, hidden from Sean.

"Please Mistress, I'll be better. I'll be sure to tell you next time."

"Maybe good ass whooping do you good. Mistress Dark tell me slaves need one once in awhile to keep them on their toes. I forget that lesson until now. Think I give you one when we get home."

"Whatever you think is best, Mistress."

Penitent slave. Never piss off the source of your pleasure.

"Are you ready to try again?" I asked.

"Anytime slave is ready," Shasta said. "Get hard, slave."

Sean's cock started to rise. If only Mistress Dark would teach Master to do that, but then he wouldn't be my Master; he'd be Mistress Dark's bitch.

"A suggestion if I might, Shasta. Have Sean lie down on the bed and get over him in a sixty-nine. Order him to pay attention to your pussy instead of what you're doing to his cock. It makes swallowing him easier due to the angle. It should make him last longer as he has to pay attention to you instead of his own pleasure. And, it feels better for you having him lick you while you're sucking."

"If I do that, his mouth be full, he can't tell me he's going to cum."

"Give us control of his orgasm. Lisa and I will watch for the signs, point them out to you and let you know when he needs to explode. We'll wait for you to be ready and then give him permission."

"You hear that Sean? You cum before Lisa or Julia say, I'll whip your balls red."

"Yes, Mistress." Contrite.

"Get on the bed then. You make a mess of this bed, you change the sheets and wash them. Don't let any pussy juice get away from you."

"No, Mistress."

Shasta winked at me again and I smiled back.

Sean got on the bed, his shaft like a flag pole. Shasta positioned herself over him and ordered him to start licking, keep going until he's told to stop. Shasta started by licking the tip of his cock, but then began the process of trying to take all of him down. We kept reminding her of what to do when she started to reach her gag reflex. It took a quite a few minutes, especially as Sean was making her orgasm herself, and she'd lose track of what she was doing. She hadn't undergone slave training to learn how to concentrate on another's pleasure, nor did she need to know. Sean's rapture was entirely dependent on her, not the other way around. He would cum when she got around to it. She finally got his cock all the way down her throat and was sliding four inches up and down from the base.

Lisa and I were giving her a running commentary on the state of his erection and impending climax.

"Do you feel how his hips are making small thrusting motions, Shasta. What your slave wants to do is start pounding your mouth because he's close. I sometimes think the thrusting motion helps with a man's orgasm. If Master thrusts as opposed to just lying there, it never seems to take as long for him to cum," Lisa said.

"Why don't you stop sucking for a bit, Shasta. Let his arousal cool awhile, so we build up a good load of cum for you."

"Ooh," Lisa said. "A little Slave Trainer treatment. I like it."

Shasta pulled off his cock. Sean stopped licking at the same time. Shasta squeezed his nuts painfully.

"Did I tell you to stop licking, slave. You stop when I say you stop."

She released his balls as soon as he continued and she soon orgasmed. Sean's face was well covered in her juices by now. She'd cum at least four times.

We waited until Sean's cock started to wilt a little. He didn't dare lose his erection before ordered to, but it's hard maintaining perfect hardness all the time. After she climaxed again, she started sucking. It didn't take nearly as long for her to find the base of his prick this time.

"You get to decide how deep Sean is when he cums, Shasta," I pointed out. "I like to taste Master's cum and he wants me to taste it, so when he starts to spurt, my mouth is only about a third of the way down his shaft. This way, I get to taste him, roll his cum around in my mouth, share it with my sister slave. If you don't like the taste of Sean's cum, you can let him go all the way down your throat. This way, his cum bypasses all your taste buds, goes straight to your stomach. You have to be careful, because it does interfere with your breathing, so you have to hold your breath awhile, or at least pull back far enough to grab a little air."

We watched her for a few minutes. It appeared she was getting quite skilled. Sean was responding well.

"Cup his balls," Lisa said. "It's one of the best indications of his impending release. When you feel them start to move inside his sack, it's another clue he needs to cum. Why don't you stop again when you feel it?"

Within a minute or two, Shasta pulled off Sean's shaft. A bead of cum formed at the top of his cock and it was twitching. He really needed to cum. Too bad.

"Oh, yeah. I felt it. Almost like his nuts starting to dance down there."

"Of course, you could keep doing this to him, making him stay hard, not letting him cum. This is your prerogative as his Mistress," I pointed out. "Unfortunately, this does cause what men refer to as 'blue balls'. They don't really become blue, but his groin starts to ache and it can become quite painful. One fellow I dated likened it to having his nuts in a vise, slowly being squeezed more and more. I questioned whether he was telling the truth, because it was before I started having sex and I was sure he was just trying to get me to fuck him, but Master has confirmed the phenomenon. He has no reason to lie because we can't give Master blue balls anyway."

Shasta climaxed. She asked Sean. "That right? Your balls starting to ache now? You have my permission to stop licking long enough to answer me."

"Yes, Mistress," he groaned.

"Of course, it would make a wonderful punishment for a male slave. I understand if you do it long enough, it even becomes difficult for him to cum and when he finally does, the orgasm will also be painful, not nearly as pleasant as they usually are," I said, "but I don't know how long it would have to go on before he reached that state. It might take all night and we have to work in the morning."

Sean groaned, muffled in Shasta's cunt, to think of being kept this way all night long. Like I said. Kind of like a Slave Trainer, though we never developed blue balls; merely became a frustrated, soupy mess.

"Sean is starting to build up a nice load for you. Unless you want to be flooded, you might want him to finish this time."

Shasta smiled at me again. "I'll think about it."

Sean groaned again. Shasta sucked, having all of him down in ten seconds. A fast learner, getting used to being a cock sucker.

"There are other signs you will learn as you do this more," I said. "His breathing will change, becoming faster and shallower, like he can't draw enough air. He may even hold his breath right as he needs to cum. You may be able to feel his cock swell. It does, but it may not be enough to notice unless he's buried in your throat at the time. His prick may twitch. You might even feel his sperm travel up his shaft. When you feel like he really needs to cum. I want you to blink your eyes three times fast, so I know you're ready. I'll give him permission to cum."

Shasta nodded slightly, about halfway down his prick. She continued stimulating him until I noticed the signs he needed to release. I wondered if she noticed them as well. She had her hands on his nut sack so it should be clear to her. But she kept moving up and down his cock, lightly sucking each up stroke for maybe a minute past when I thought he should cum. She pulled up until only the head was in her mouth and blinked three times. Oh, yeah, she knew. She just dragged it out.

"Cum, slave," I ordered.

Sean's cock started pulsing, emptying his sack. Shasta kept his cock firmly sealed inside her mouth, rapidly swallowing to keep up with his flow of cum. She kept a light suction, her cheeks slightly hollowed as the pulsing slowed, still swirling her tongue over the head to gather anything still burbling out of his balls. Sean had stopped licking, just groaning in one long wail as he finally got relief. Shasta squeezed his nuts again, reminding him of his deficiency. He started licking frantically. He'd need to be punished, of course. He didn't have permission to stop. He was still a fairly new slave. I was sure he'd learn eventually.

When Shasta lifted off his cock, only saliva glistened on it.

"I liked it more than I thought I would," her first words after stopping.

"Your slave will be happy to hear that," I laughed.

"He won't get another one of those unless he learns to obey his Mistress," Shasta said. "You stopped licking when you cum slave. It might be awhile before you cum again. Might leave your cock cage on you for the next week solid."

"It's pretty late, Shasta. Why don't you call your Momma and let her know you'll be spending the night with us. I'll tell Master."

"Only if you lick me some more," she said.

"I would be happy to lick you some more, but I would ask a favor. Lisa hasn't had any opportunities to orgasm since our cum break at lunch. Would you let Sean fuck her?"

"And let that worthless slave cum again? After he disobeyed me?"

Her eyes were twinkling, so I knew she was mostly kidding.

"As a favor to me for teaching you to enjoy oral and anal sex," I said. "His cock cage can go on in the morning."

"For you, I'll do it, but I want you to wear my cum on your face all night long."

"Yes, Mistress."

She smiled at my use of her honorific. She lay back and spread her legs for me, dialing her mother. I handed my phone to Lisa.

"Let Master know we have company tonight."

Lisa took the phone and thanked me for offering her Sean. I moved between Shasta's legs and tasted her source. Lisa took a picture for our Master and sent it with the message we had company tonight. I was otherwise occupied, my tongue deep in Shasta's cunt. Someday, I would like to do this with Sean's cum leaking out of her.

******

When we woke the next morning, I had a text from Master. "Nice," is all it said. Sean's cock cage was locked on. We three women took a shower together. I was finally able to wash the cum from my face. Shasta had both of us rub her to a soapy orgasm. We obeyed.

Sean had to help me make breakfast while Lisa licked Shasta's pussy this morning, almost like Master's morning blow job, except Shasta climaxed more often. Lisa was still wearing her cum when the others arrived. It wasn't as if they hadn't seen us wearing cum in the morning on other occasions so no one was particularly surprised.

During our cum break, Sean had to service all the women and I know he was fighting to keep from getting an erection. At two-thirty, the doorbell rang and I ran upstairs to answer, expecting it was Sarah and Ron, nor was I disappointed. As soon as they crossed the threshold, Ron stripped. I kissed Sarah. I'd spent many nice hours with her in her bed at the beginning of my slavery.

I noticed something different about Ron's cock cage.

"Are those spikes on the inside of his cage, Mistress?" I asked.

"Oh, yes. He's being punished for cumming without permission. Will I be staying in the same room I had before?"

"I'm sorry, Mistress. That room belongs to my slave, Rhonda. She works nights and is sleeping now. You'll meet her at supper. You'll be sleeping in the master bedroom, with us. Master has informed us we're to serve both you and Ron in every way we can."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 6|
--------------------------------------------
"Yes, he told me the same. Well, show me your baby. I can't wait to see him. I can't believe you were pregnant when your slavery started."

I was leading her to the baby's room. "Yes, Mistress. It seemed kind of a now or never type moment. I didn't realize I would still be a slave now."

"You must like it then?"

"I love it, Mistress. It completes me."

Lucas was awake, not crying, not hungry, not wet. He was staring at his feet and the mobile hanging over his crib, moving from the ceiling fan. I picked him up and he gurgled happily. I handed him to Sarah and she cuddled on him. Ron was making faces at the baby and Lucas started laughing.

"But you still have your own slave?" Sarah asked.

"I find I like to Dominate submissive women. Not yourself, Mistress, of course. You would never be submissive."

"I should hope not. My one day as Mistress Dark's submissive was more than enough for me. It taught me a lot, however."

"Bring Lucas and let me introduce you to the others."

"What others?" She asked.

"We haven't kept in touch nearly enough, Mistress. Lisa and I started a bondage furniture business. It's doing great. Over $70,000 gross a month. We get about half of that, out of which we pay wages and benefits, including profit sharing. You'll know Reneé. You met her Memorial Day. She's Jerry's slave now. Anyway, come down to the basement and I'll introduce you to everyone."

I led her to the basement where everyone was busy working.

"If I may have your attention, everyone, I'd like to introduce you to some good friends. This is Mistress Sarah and her slave, Ron. Sarah stayed at our house early during my slavery. I practiced licking cunt on her. She acquired Ron as her slave while she was here. Reneé you know. This is her friend, Janet, who I helped train. She's Master Chen's slave now."

Reneé, Lisa, Janet and Sean all knelt down in honor of a Dominant's presence among us. She acknowledged their homage, then pulled Lisa and Reneé up for a kiss.

"It's so good to see you again, slaves," Sarah said. "You're looking beautiful. Good enough to eat actually, or eat me."

They laughed.

"This is Mistress Shasta, and her slave, Sean," I continued, pointing to them. Sarah and Shasta eyed one another speculatively, two lionesses facing one another when meeting for the first time. "Shasta is our top worker and most experienced wood worker." They nodded to one another.

"This is Alice, Janet's sister, Charlotte, and Melanie. They're all straights, except Alice will lick a little cunt on occasion as she doesn't find we taste all that bad."

Sarah laughed. "I learned the same thing when I stayed here." She greeted them all by name, shaking everyone's hand.

"We've invited Regina to dinner. She won't be coming with Edward and Rob to give Ron and Regina a little time together for whatever purpose Ron needed. Shasta and Sean will also stay for supper. We've been helping them recently at Master's direction, though I'm not sure we have much more to teach her.

"Feel free to make yourself at home. The weather is great for swimming or even the hot tub after your trip. We're done work at five and Rhonda will get up to start on supper. If you could look after Lucas while he's up, I'd appreciate it, Mistress. Have Ron bring him to me if he starts crying and his diaper isn't wet."

"No problem," she said, kissing Lisa and I again. She took the baby upstairs with Ron trailing behind her.

"How you meet Sarah?" Shasta asked.

"Master was making us walk the Pacific Crest Trail naked. Sarah was one of the hikers we met along the way. Master invited her to our house for a week. She enjoyed the concept of Dominance and acquired Ron from Regina. She didn't want a slave for a husband and he was so subservient and also gay leaning, he couldn't get an erection without being ordered to, frustrating Regina no end. She surrendered Ron to Sarah and they continued hiking up the trail, Ron as Sarah's slave. He looked good, didn't he, Lisa? He was a little soft and plump when he left here, but looks hard and lean now."

"Ron's gay. Why Sarah want a gay slave?"

"He was the only one available at the time, and he's maybe a gay leaning bisexual as opposed to actually gay. He was married to Regina, after all. It's not as if Sarah can't fuck him. He'll fuck anything he's told to."

"You see how she eye Sean. You don't think she want him for herself, do you?"

"She probably did appreciate Sean. We all appreciate Sean. Whether she likes him or not, she would never do anything to take him away from you. One does not attempt to take another Dominant's slaves. It was a very painful lesson for me and Lisa."

Ron came back an hour later, holding Lucas. "I changed his diaper, but he's still crying so I think he's hungry," he said, holding the baby out. I took him and put him to my breast, and he latched on and started sucking immediately, so hungry he was.

"Very well. I'll bring him back when he's finished. Go attend to your Mistress."

"Yes, of course."

I fed Lucas until he was full. I went upstairs with him and found Sarah naked in the hot tub, relaxing, her eyes closed. Ron was with her, doing the same. I cleared my throat and Sarah opened her eyes.

"He's done eating now, almost ready to sleep, but he continues sucking lightly even though he's not taking milk. Would you like to put him on your breast for awhile, see what it's like, Mistress?"

Sarah sat up and held out her hands. I handed her Lucas and she laid him against her breast and he start suckling her nipple.

"How did you meet Shasta?" She asked, curious about another Mistress in the house.

Since it was close to quitting time, I stopped to talk to her.

"She used to work for Master in his construction business, Mistress. She was injured in a car accident and she was on light duty. Master couldn't use anyone on light duty and we needed the help so he referred her to us. We hired her."

"Bad driver?"

"Run off the road by a gang banger who wanted her child, Mistress. He died, she didn't, but she had a lot of injuries and she was badly scarred, both externally and internally."

"I'm sorry. Was she a Mistress at the time?"

"No. It's a long story and not mine to tell. She acquired Sean around Christmas, Mistress."

"What have you been helping her with?"

I smiled at her. "Touching again on a story not mine to tell. I suppose you'll have to make friends with her if you want to know the details, Mistress."

"I could always ask her slave," Sarah said.

"I doubt he'd say, but I wouldn't do that anyway. She's suspicious of you anyway, since you have a gay leaning slave and seemed so interested in Sean. Might raise more trouble than you want, Mistress. She was raised on some mean streets and the fact she survived and the gang banger didn't, should tell you all you need to know about her."

Sarah laughed. "I wouldn't take her slave unless she offered him to me."

"Shasta doesn't understand that, being even newer to the Dominance business than you."

"She's not scarred now. Looks quite lovely in fact."

"That's a story I can tell. William Thornhill paid for her plastic surgery, Mistress."

"Thornhill, the multi-billionaire ,Thornhill."

"The very same, Mistress."

"Oh, I will have to hear this story. Could I make a news story out of this?"

"I doubt either Thornhill or Shasta would welcome it. Too traumatizing for her and he likes to keep his good deeds on the down low, particularly those not involving a public charity, Mistress. He bought her a house here in Fresno as well, for her, her mother, Bernice, and child, Cedric."

"Now I definitely want to hear the story."

"She'll probably tell you if you don't make a big deal out of it or pity her in any way, Mistress. She's touchy about receiving anyone's pity."

"Even more intriguing. Would she feel any better about my intentions if I told her I was more interested in her than in her slave?"

I laughed. "You want to lick her cunt, Mistress?" I said, somewhat incredulously.

"Well, it's been awhile and like I said, I have learned to appreciate a nice tasting cunt."

"She might enjoy that, though I warn you. Even though we've gotten her to loosen up a little and accept sexual favors from females, she's shown no inclination to lick cunt in return, Mistress."

"Well, I always have you for that, don't I?"

"Yes, Mistress, you do. Lisa, Rhonda and I. Rhonda is a lesbian and the best cunt licker here. She has to get ready for work at 10:30, but until then, she's yours."

"That's another story I need to hear. How you acquired a lesbian slave."

"We definitely have a lot to discuss, Mistress, and the whole evening to discuss it. I can even tell you while Rhonda licks your cunt, if you can pay sufficient attention, or while you're licking Shasta if you're inclined to listen while buried in pussy."

"I can probably do either," Sarah laughed.

"Nice to know, Mistress. I'd better help Rhonda with dinner. It's time. Feel free to come in whenever you want or we'll call you when supper is on."

Lucas had fallen asleep on Sarah's breast.

"Do you want me to take him, Mistress?" I asked.

"No, he's good right where he is. He's not bothering me at all."

I gave a slight bow. "I'll talk to you later then."

For dinner, we decided to reheat the chili from Sunday. We still had a lot left. We put more beer on ice; everyone seemed to enjoy beer with their chili. Most of the workers left, Shasta and Sean joining us. Regina arrived around six and I sent Rhonda outside to get Ron and Sarah. Lucas was sleeping in Sarah's arms and Rhonda took him to his crib while we dished up a bowl for everyone else. Ron gave his ex-wife a peck on the cheek, Sarah and Regina nodding politely with one another. We all sat down at the dinner table.

"Julia tells me you have an amazing story, Shasta. Would you mind telling me?" Sarah asked.

"Ain't none of your business," Shasta said, glaring at me.

"She didn't really speak of it," Sarah said, catching the daggers. "She wouldn't tell me anything about what happened, only that you're a strong capable woman I wouldn't want to mess with."

"She's right. You don't want to mess with me."

"I feel we've gotten off on the wrong foot somehow, and maybe it's just two strong, independent women butting heads a little for no reason. Have I done anything to offend you?"

Shasta considered the question seriously. "I don't suppose you have, but you look close at Sean when you met us."

"I guess I was a little surprised. First that you're a Mistress yourself, but working for submissives. Second, you have a white slave; which is perfectly okay, mind you, but somewhat surprising to see. Plus he's very well trained, kneeling when I came into the room after I was introduced as a Dominant. Made me curious I suppose. Would it would make you feel more comfortable if I told you I'm actually more interested in having sex with you, than I am in sex with Sean."

"You a lesbian, why you got a male slave, and a gay one at that?" Regina snorted.

"I don't consider myself a lesbian, though I do occasionally enjoy a female's sexual abilities."

"I don't lick cunts."

"I wouldn't necessarily expect you to. I was more interested in licking yours. Scott told me I could use any of his slaves to lick mine, so I'm good in that way. I certainly have all the cock I need. Despite liking a cock in his mouth or ass sometimes, Ron has no trouble keeping me satisfied. When I stayed here before, I learned to appreciate a lovely pussy. I don't often have the opportunity to enjoy one, but thought I might enjoy yours."

"You can lick my cunt if you want to lick pussy," Regina said. "I like women who like pussy. Don't want to lick one myself, but any pussy licking is a good pussy licking if you ask me."

Sarah laughed. "But I might find it a wee bit disconcerting licking the cunt of my slave's ex-wife. Plus, you don't have a slave of your own, in fact, rejecting the one you had, while Shasta has no problem owning a slave. It makes her more intriguing as a cunt licking choice, dear. It's why I want to know her story. She's a much more interesting person."

Which almost shut Regina up. Not that Sarah was snotty about it, merely stating facts as she knew them. Almost.

"Does Shasta have a faggoty slave too, likes to take it in the ass or suck dick?"

"As far as I can tell," Shasta said, "Sean doesn't have a faggoty ass bone in is body. He keeping two women satisfied, just fine."

"Really," Sarah said. "Who else?"

"My momma, Bernice."

"That's a bold move, Shasta. Why your mother?" Sarah asked.

"She have to raise me as a single mother until I'm almost grown, then when I got raped, have to raise my son, too, while I work. Ain't had no time to date, meet men, so she can share my slave all she want."

"Raped?" Sarah said. "So that's the story Julia wouldn't tell me. Now you've spilled the beans, I'd like to hear the rest."

"It's okay, Shasta. Sarah won't make unkind judgements," I said, "nor will she shower you with pity. She knows you don't want any."

Shasta looked at me. I nodded and she told her story. The party, the gang rape, the resulting son, raising him alone without help, struggling to make ends meet, but working her ass off to provide for an unintended child. How the gang leader ignored her son until Cedric was old enough to try to indoctrinate in gang ways and crime. How he tried to buy him for a ridiculously large sum of money to her, but she refused, then trying to kill her by running her off the road to take her child, the injuries and scars. Regina hadn't heard any of the story before. She was crying, as was Ron.

Sarah was made of sterner stuff, having heard similar stories before as a journalist and knowing Shasta didn't want pity, she didn't give her any.

"It must have been very hard on you, Shasta, and I think you're remarkable for persevering as you did. How did you acquire a slave?"

"After I was raped, didn't trust men enough to have sex. Didn't like women, so except for vibrators, didn't have no sex at all. Then I meet this bunch, and they having sex all the time. Can't hardly walk through the house without seeing somebody fucking someone else, but I learned about the slavery. Didn't do me a lick of good until I find out there be male slaves, too, some for men, others for women. Scott was thinking of getting a male slave for his slaves, help share the load, let them fuck other men because he's fucking other women. He decide at last minute not to get him another slave, but offer him to me. They figured it might be easier for me to have sex with someone I controlled. How I ended up with Sean.

"At first, I don't let him do anything but lick me with his hands tied behind his back. Then I figure I can tie him onto the bed and ride him like a horse. I eventually get some counseling, help me get used to him touching me normal. Get me used to sex again. I can even date other men, but I still go slow on the sex cause I got me another man to fuck, keep me happy. Even keep Momma happy. Slaves used to being shared, don't care if he fuck Momma too."

"You don't have scars anymore. I understand William Thornhill paid for plastic surgery. How did he hear about your plight?"

"He friends with Brianna, woman who be hosting the bonding ceremony Scott and his slaves be having this week. Lucia, one of Brianna's slaves visiting one day. She pregnant with Scott's child, going to doctor here because she raped too, baby organs damaged."

Everyone's eyes opened at that. No one but our parents, Chen and Jerry knew about Lucia yet and them only because we'd celebrated the news with them at the time they proposed to their slaves.

"Oh, we really do have to talk some more," Sarah said. "Why don't I know any of this shit already?"

"We only knew you a week, even if we did lick your cunt," I said. "How were we supposed to know you want all the juicy details of our lives?"

"You don't think your Master having a child with another woman, and apparently someone who's at least somewhat lesbian, since she has a Mistress, isn't something I would like to know?"

"Fine. We'll tell you everything. Just let Shasta finish her story first," Lisa said, redirecting everyone's attention back to her.

Shasta continued. "I hear Lucia's story, what happened to her, and I break down, crying and shit and everyone finally learn what happen to me. Right after they find out, Scott's slaves at Brianna's repaying her for use of her slaves for Scott, and they mention they want to help me with some plastic surgery and trying to find out what it cost. Everyone of Brianna's slaves know Lucia's story, they all want to chip in and help me. Mr. Thornhill hear about it from Brianna, pay for the whole thing, have me a house built to give my family a better place to stay, get me away from damn gangsters who rape me."

"Dear God," Sarah said. "This is an incredible story. It makes you even more interesting. I want to lick your cunt all the more now."

Shasta laughed. "You not interested in Sean; maybe I let you."

Sarah squeezed her hand. I was happy that Sarah didn't ask about making Shasta a news item. It happened a long time ago and she didn't like us to keep dredging it up.

Sarah looked at us. "Lucia, Scott, baby, spill."

Lisa and I told the story of Jack, our rape, Lucia, here for fertility problems, but acting as our guardian angel, us offering Master's sperm for in-vitro, but her conceiving by accident when fucked at the tail end of her ovulation.

"What an interesting life you've led," Sarah said, our tale finished. "And you acquired Rhonda as a slave how?

"She was on duty when Jack shot up our house, responded with a number of other officers. She kind of fell for Lucia, and we let her stay with us while Lucia was living here so they could spend time together. She wanted to watch, was it Janet, Rhonda?" Rhonda nodded, "get punished one night. She didn't believe a slave could cum from being punished. I bet her a day of slavery if I made her cum whipping her. She got one day, didn't want to stop. She kept on for a month's trial so we could see how it all worked. Made it permanent when it did."

"That's almost unbelievable," Sarah mused.

"Oh, it's definitely been the most interesting time of our life," Lisa said, standing up, starting to clear the table. "Anyone want any more?"

"I couldn't eat another bite, or drink another beer," Sarah said. "Ron, you wanted to spend some time with Regina. Is there anywhere they can go to spend a little time together in private?" Rhonda and I began helping Lisa.

"You have the master bedroom tonight. They could use it," I said.

"I'm still hoping to convince Shasta to let me lick her cunt. I was perhaps wishing to use the bedroom myself for a little private time with her."

"You were here Memorial Day and give a shit about privacy anymore?" Lisa said. "What's wrong with the living room for sex?"

"I don't need the privacy, but I thought she might."

Rhonda said, "Ron and Regina can use my bedroom. Anyone else can use Master's room. If you follow me, Regina. I'll show you the way."

"Ron, come here," Sarah ordered. She removed his cock cage. "You will do whatever Regina wants you to do. You are hers until she leaves. You'll be punished if you don't do precisely as you're told."

"Yes, Mistress."

He followed Rhonda and Regina. Sarah took Shasta's hand. "I would dearly love to drink your nectar, Shasta. Would you please come with me to the bedroom?"

She looked at us. "She doesn't expect you to reciprocate, Shasta. It will be just like one of us licking you," I said.

"Except not as good, because she doesn't get as much practice," Lisa said. "Sarah is a beginner when it comes to cunt licking."

Shasta nodded and followed Sarah into our bedroom. Sean helped us finish cleaning the kitchen. Rhonda joining us shortly.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 7|
--------------------------------------------
"How are you doing, Sean?" I asked.

"Very well, Domina."

"I'm not your trainer, Sean. Don't call me Domina. Call me Julia or call me boss, if you feel you need to address me by something other than my name. Be specific about how you're doing. Very well doesn't tell me a damn thing."

"I'm very pleased you and Lisa have been teaching Shasta about sucking cock and ass fucking. It gives me other ways to serve my Mistress and enjoy her company."

"How do you feel when Mistress goes on dates with other people?" Lisa asked.

"She's a Mistress and can do as she pleases," Sean replied. "I want her to be happy."

"What if she found someone to love and got married?" I asked.

"You're married to your Master and share him with other women," Sean said.

"I'm not sure most men would want their wives fucking their male slaves," I said. "Men tend to view women as their possessions exclusive to themselves even if they themselves fuck around. I'm very surprised Master has let us fuck other men the past week. He was adamantly opposed to doing so before. He even decided not to acquire you, which is how you became Shasta's slave. Unless her husband were bisexual and wanted to fuck you himself, Shasta might have to give you up. Could you fuck men if your Mistress married a bisexual who was willing for her to keep you."

"I could do anything Mistress required of me, even if it meant fucking men. She means the world to me."

"Well, you might want to keep in mind your choices could boil down to losing Shasta as your Mistress or fucking men. I don't mind fucking women, even enjoying it more than I believed possible before I became a slave, but if it was a choice before I was a slave, I would have refused."

"I see." He paused before continuing. "I would be very distressed if Shasta freed me. I'm the happiest I've ever been in my life. I care for and enjoy pleasing Miss Bernice. I love Cedric. He's such a good boy. I doubt I've ever met a child his age so polite."

"Do you love your Mistress?" Lisa asked.

"Very much."

"Have you told her you love her?" Lisa continued.

"Is it the place of a slave to tell his Mistress his feelings?"

"I tell Master I love him all the time. I tell Lisa and Rhonda I love them. I tell Lucas I love him. I don't think anyone doesn't like knowing if someone loves them, even if they don't reciprocate the feelings."

He looked at Rhonda. "Hey, I tell even my family I love them, even though most of them don't have anything to do with me because I'm a lesbian slave girl. Fuck 'em, but they're still my family. I need to let them know I still care for them even if they don't respect my lifestyle choices. I want them to know I'm not a different daughter or sibling than I was because I love women and submission. It's why Wendy is finally warming up to me and coming to our bonding ceremony."

"I'll make sure I make my feelings known," Sean said.

Sarah came out of the bedroom. Her face glistened with Shasta's juices.

"I need someone to lick my cunt. Any volunteers or should I just order one of you to do it."

"We'd all volunteer," I said, "but why don't you try Rhonda since you've never had her before. Everyone agrees she's the best cunt licker here."

"Rhonda, I'm going to lie on the bed with Shasta riding my face. You can get between my legs and pleasure me."

"Of course, Mistress. My pleasure." Rhonda went through the door and it closed behind her.

"It's too bad you're being punished, Sean. Lisa and I could use a good fucking."

"I can't cum. There's no reason I can't help you cum."

Lisa and I looked at each other. No reason at all Sean couldn't make us cum.

We sat next to each other on the couch with our legs overlapping each other they were spread so wide. "Come to mama," I said, "in case Lucas wakes up wanting to be fed." I patted my pussy. "Make me cum."

He made us cum, a lot.

Roughly a half hour later, Lucas did wake up. Sean moved from me to Lisa and I went to get him. I changed his diaper first because he was wet and stinky in case that was the problem, but he wanted fed too, so I put him to my breast and brought him back to the living room. Lisa was cumming again, lucky slave. Shasta, Sarah and Rhonda came out of our bedroom. Both Rhonda and Sarah had washed their faces. Rhonda joined me.

"Was Rhonda pleasing, Mistress Sarah?" I asked. "She shall be punished if she wasn't."

Sarah laughed. "Oh, hell yes. Maybe I should acquire a female slave myself. I love cock, but having something soft in my mouth instead of a hard dick can be oh, so pleasant."

"You almost make me want to try it myself," Shasta said. "I've had a lot of hard dick in my mouth recently."

"You'd have no shortage of volunteers to teach you, Mistress," Lisa said.

Ron and Regina came down the stairs. Ron was wearing a mask of dried cum and Regina walked a little wobbly if you asked me, like she'd been pounded hard.

"Regina, was Ron pleasing?" Sarah asked. "Did he do as he was told?"

"He did exactly as he was told," Regina said. "I forgot to tell him to cum. He fucked me for over a half hour before I remembered to tell him to climax, then he sucked his cum out and fucked me again."

"Did you have a chance to speak to you? I understand he wished to talk to you about your marriage."

"Yes. He apologized to me. Told me he was sorry he wasn't a better husband and that he was attracted to guys and he should have said something before we were married. I've forgiven him. In fact, I'd like to reward him for being such a good boy. Can he suck Sean's cock?" She asked Shasta.

"Sean is being punished. He can't cum today. He was disobedient last night," Shasta said.

"I see. Well, there isn't any reason he couldn't suck Ron's cock is there? Or get fucked in the ass for that matter? You don't even need to remove his cock cage for that."

Criminy. We'd just discussed this very subject with Sean. Now his Mistress was being asked to provide the very services we'd discussed. Shasta got a scowl on her face and I believed she was about to refuse his services, but Sean spoke, getting on his knees first.

"Mistress, I've never told you how much I love you; so deeply, I've never felt anything like it before. I love your son, I love your mother and I'm willing to do anything you wish of me. With you dating other men, the possibility exists you will find a husband. He may not wish you to keep a male slave. Or he may require my services for himself as the price to keep me. Until such time as I no longer serve you, I am willing to do anything you ask, and to prepare for the possibility you find a man who wants to use me too, I would happily serve Ron for you. I'm yours to command, Mistress. You have but to say the word." He bowed his head.

Both a declaration of love and total subservience. Well done, slave.

"Are you sure, slave?" Shasta asked, suddenly realizing how much Sean cared for her. Not just a sex toy to be used, but a man who loved her.

"Yes, Mistress, with all my heart."

Shasta considered Regina's request under a different light.

"You may suck Ron's cock, slave, but I want Sarah to release him to cum when he needs to, not upon command."

"Ron, you will cum when the urge hits you, not wait for my command," Sarah promptly ordered.

"Yes, Mistress."

Sean crawled to Ron and took his cock in his mouth. Regina hadn't cleaned his cock after their fucking, but Sean was used to the taste of female cum. It was Ron's he'd not tasted before.

Sean had no experience sucking cock. He knew how he liked his cock sucked however. He did the best he could under the circumstances. He never got more than four inches of cock into his mouth, but barring that, was doing an excellent job. Ron was trained enough by his Mistress he didn't push the issue, holding still instead of driving, letting Sean do the work. In roughly ten minutes, I could detect the signs of Ron's impending release. I didn't know if Sean would detect them.

"Ron's about to cum, Sean," I warned him.

Sean grimaced a little, preparing to receive his offering. Ron put his hand on Sean's head, loosely, still not driving, but groaned as his prick pulsed, sending his seed into Sean's mouth. Sean swallowed it all. Very slave like. I got up and got him a glass of ice water to wash it down.

"That was actually quite arousing," Regina said. "I wouldn't mind watching Sean get fucked in the ass either."

It had been arousing. Watching sex is arousing to slaves as well as Regina. Other than internally critiquing his skill as a cock sucker, I'd been aroused to witness it. His act of subservience might have been arousing to Shasta as well. Sean had just proven how willing he was subsume his will to hers. Her fingers were on her damp cunt, though not moving at the moment.

"Whatever Mistress desires," Sean said, still kneeling where he'd sucked Ron.

"How fast Ron get hard again, Sarah?" Shasta asked.

"Give me an erection now, Ron," Sarah ordered.

Without any stimulation at all, Ron's cock was hard enough to fuck Sean within a minute. Sean got on his hands and knees with his legs slightly apart so Ron could kneel between them.

"Mistress Shasta," I said. "I'd like to make a suggestion if I may, for the comfort of your slave. Ass fucking stimulates the prostates of males, often giving them erections, even if unwanted. Unless he's been trained for ass fucking, his cock cage may give him unbearable pain. I also recommend lube for both his ass and Ron's cock since he wasn't prepared like you for an ass fucking, with plugs. If he gets an erection during his fucking, I suggest Rhonda suck his cock and take his cum for him so he doesn't get it on the floor."

"Thank you, Julia, I appreciate your suggestions. Let it be so. Sean, come here so I can remove your cock cage. Julia get some lube and lube his ass and Ron's cock, then I want you licking my pussy." She looked sideways at Sarah. "Lisa can lick yours if you need to cum."

We all obeyed with a "Yes, Mistress." Shasta was proving to be a proper Dominant.

"No question I'll need to cum, Shasta. Thank you for thinking of me," Sarah said, holding out her hand again. Shasta took it.

"You're welcome, Mistresses need to stick together."

"What about me?" Regina asked.

"Well, since all the female slaves be busy," Shasta said, "I guess Sean can lick you while Ron fucks his ass."

I liked her answer. I put Lucas to bed first, his feeding done, then did as she requested, getting lubricant and smearing a lot of it on Sean's asshole, pushing some inside. He was already licking Regina. I then rubbed a generous amount on Ron's cock, getting him slightly harder in the process. It's a good thing he didn't possess a large cock, merely averaged sized.

"Be gentle to this slave, Ron. It's his first ass fucking and it's without preparation."

"I understand. I'll be kind."

"Ron, cum as soon as the urge strikes. Don't wait for my command," Sarah ordered once again.

Shasta squeezed her hand again.

I nodded and went up to Shasta, leaning back in the chair with her legs spread and her cunt at the edge of the cushions. It's too bad I was going to miss the show, but I'd be able to listen. Lisa went to Sarah and did the same. I could tell when Ron penetrated Sean's ass. His groan was unmistakable. I heard nothing more for awhile. I assumed Ron was letting Sean get used to the prick in his ass.

Shasta climaxed, and I lapped up her juices. It was about then I heard the common sounds of a cock sliding through a tight sheath and the slap of flesh against flesh as Ron fucked against Sean's buttocks. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Rhonda move behind me and supposed Sean was getting an erection which would need to be addressed. I heard the sounds of fucking behind me, the sounds of tongue lapping beside me and the sounds of three women cumming, even Regina. Shasta was cumming rapidly, one after the other and I did my best to keep up with flow of fluids from her cunt. I was sure my face was becoming a sodden mess. I heard the grunts of a man cumming and it sounded like Sean's voice. It wasn't long before I heard another male growl as Ron climaxed. I licked Mistress to another climax before she told me to stop.

I turned to look and Ron was just pulling out, cum running from Sean's abused asshole. I got a washcloth. No one would be cleaning his cock for him.

I returned just as Regina said, "I think I'll be going now."

"You don't want Ron to fuck you again?" Sarah asked.

"No, it's fine. I have a couple studs at home who won't mind fucking me to exhaustion."

After wiping Ron's cock, I also wiped Sean's bottom, still messy.

"Might I suggest your slave use the hot tub, Mistress Shasta. It helps after an ass fucking. Ron should take a shower."

"Go ahead, Sean, I'll join you shortly," Shasta pointed outside.

Sarah sent Ron to the showers.

"Thank you for allowing my slave to use yours, Shasta. That was kind. Have you discovered the joys of pegging your slave yet?"

"What's pegging?"

"Fucking his ass with a strap-on. A vibrating strapless is perfect."

"No, I haven't."

"Julia and Lisa can show you what to do. I'm sure they've pegged each other before."

"We have," Lisa said. "It's part of how we do a double penetration when it's only Master here."

"I should like a double penetration tonight," Sarah said. "It's been awhile."

"Instead of a strap-on;" Shasta said, "Sean and Ron can do the deed, but I'd like Sean to use your cunt. Don't want him thinking assholes is the only place to fuck."

"Thank you, Shasta. That's very generous of you."

"You make me cum at least ten times tonight. Only fair you get some in return."

"You're a lovely woman, thank you."

"You're not so bad yourself. I'm not sure about you when you show up, but I like you."

"I think we're a lot alike," Sarah replied with a smile.

"Except you like licking cunt and I don't."

"Until you've tried it, you're only assuming you won't like it. I was much the same way before I tried it. Never did it before, didn't think I'd enjoy it. Didn't want to return the favors of the slaves assigned to pleasure me. Willing to leave them high and dry after they licked me. It's kind of like not rewarding your slave after he's been particularly pleasing to you."

Shasta laughed nervously.

"After Sean fucks my cunt, lick him clean. It will be a mixture of his cum and mine, but you know what he tastes like already. The rest will be me. If you're not grossed out by the taste of us on him, try the taste of us on me. It will be much the same flavor, slightly more flavored by my cum."

"I don't want to be a queer."

"I would never take you for a queer. You will always like cock better, maybe only cock. But there's only one way to find out."

Shasta didn't say anything and Sarah didn't push. Rhonda had to get ready for work, so she left to get dressed. When Ron finished his shower, Shasta went out and got Sean. She brought him to the bedroom.

"You lucky slave, you already get to cum once tonight when you being punished. You about to get lucky again. This Mistress want you in her cunt while her slave fuck her ass. Get on the bed and let her ride your dick."

Sean had no problem getting hard to fuck a woman. He was ready to mount in a minute. Sarah lowered herself over his stalk, easily parting for his prick. She rode him for a couple minutes before leaning down and exposing her bottom to Ron.

"Gently slave. It's been a long time since I've had two cocks at once."

I handed Ron the lube I'd used on Sean. He oiled up his cock and his target, spread invitingly for his perusal. Very slowly, he pushed into Sarah's bottom. Shasta lay down very close to the action so she could watch Sarah's double penetration.

"Lisa, lick me," Shasta ordered, spreading her legs. Lisa leapt to obey, leaving me to my own devices.

Sarah was cumming like crazy, speared on the two cocks. Shasta was nearly keeping up with her, intrigued by the double fucking in front of her and Lisa's tongue dancing on her cunt. Rhonda came to say goodbye before she left and I made her lick me to an orgasm. It only took a couple minutes I was so aroused. It took about twenty minutes for both men to cum, filling Sarah with their seed. Sarah's cunt was a soggy mess, and her ass wasn't much better, though most of her juices had collected on Sean. I remembered she'd squirted once when I was licking her. This didn't look quite as bad, but it was liquid honey.

After Ron pulled out of her ass and she rolled off Sean's cock, Shasta took her advice and sucked Sean's cock clean. She eyed Sarah's cunt speculatively for a minute, then leaned down and started lapping at the cum dripping from her pussy. I was stunned. So was Lisa. She licked her for three minutes until Sarah orgasmed again, then collected the fresh cum generated by her release.

"Now let me taste a cunt without man juice in it," Shasta said.

"Lisa," I said, shoving her towards the bed. "She hasn't cum yet."

"Okay, do it now before I change my mind."

Lisa lay on the bed and spread her legs and Shasta licked her to an orgasm.

After cleaning the girl cum from Lisa's pussy, Shasta turned to Sarah. "You're right. It's not so bad. Not as good as cock, but if I had to do it again, I could."

I couldn't help myself. I hugged Shasta.

"Hey, don't be thinking I'm going to be licking girl cunt all the time. I won't. Just wanted to see what it was like is all."

"I know," I said. "I wouldn't expect it, Mistress."

"You can still lick me as much as I want, though."

"Of course, Mistress. As much as Master allows."

"Is it all right if I stay here again tonight? It's late and I really want to fuck my slave now. Your big bed even be too crowded for six."

"Of course. Use Rhonda's room," I said.

Sean and Shasta disappeared.

"Lie down and climb over me, Lisa. You can finish the cleaning Shasta started. Julia, Ron can fuck you if you want."

"Yes, Mistress," we said.

"Before Lisa starts, Mistress, could Lisa take a couple photos of Ron fucking me. Master wants to ensure were properly pleasing to our guests."

Sarah laughed. "Go ahead. Heaven knows you've been the perfect hostesses."

I sucked Ron's cock to help him get hard, Lisa taking photo's of that, then the fucking that followed afterward. Ron had cum several times already tonight. He was able to fuck me for a half hour before he orgasmed on Sarah's command. He cleaned up after himself and I took photos of Lisa and Sarah licking one another. I sent the photos to Master.

We slept the sleep of the dead that night, pretty much fucked out.

******

SCOTT

I hadn't received anything from my slaves before I fell asleep Tuesday night and wondered if Sarah had wanted sex or conversation. When I woke up the next morning, I found the stuff Julia texted to me. There was a movie five minutes in length of Ron fucking Julia and he was still going strong when it ended. There were photos of Julia sucking his cock, which from the time stamp, preceded the fucking. There was also photos and video of Lisa and Sarah in a sixty-nine, also still going strong past the five minute mark. Ron and Sarah looked good, both leaner and more wiry than I remembered, the thousands of miles of hiking doing both of them good and keeping the weight and tone provided by it. Portland was known for the outdoor activities. My slaves looked like they were enjoying the visit. I wondered how Ron's visit with Regina went and if Shasta and Sean had stayed past supper.

Questions for later in the day. I'd be seeing them later. They should be at Brianna's for supper, and I planned to be there when they arrived, fucking them before they ate, even if our food got cold.

I sent a text to Julia. <em>Be at Brianna</em><em>'</em><em></em>s by four. Expect to be fucked hard. All three of you.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 8|
--------------------------------------------

--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 53|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-53|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<em>This chapter has our three slaves joining their Master in LA. His behavior continues to befuddle them. What is he trying to do? This chapter contains, oral, lesbian, interracial sex and lots of fucking with multiple partners. Scott finally explains himself. Like every other chapter in this series, Sexually Transmitted Disease doesn't exist and unprotected sex is allowed.</em>

<strong>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 53 - Master Leaves His Slaves Bewildered</strong>

I woke up at 6:00, when I got a text, dragging from the night before. It was from Master. <em>Expect a hard fucking.</em> Good, I missed him, no matter how many people who fucked me since he left. Sarah was awake watching me as I stretched.

"I need you to lick my cunt again," she whispered, parting her legs.

"Yes, Mistress," I mumbled. I crawled between her legs and found her core, wet in contemplation of the tempting slaves she had at her disposal. Using my fingers and tongue, I gave her an orgasm. "Again," she whispered. I didn't answer, I just kept licking, my tongue doing a song and dance up and down her slit. Lisa woke up, smiling when she saw what we were doing. Sarah motioned Lisa to ride her face. Ron felt the rustling and movement of the bed, and leaned on one arm watching.

"Slave, you think you get to lie there like a fucking lazy bones just because Julia is pleasing your Mistress," Lisa said. "Get your ass in gear and fuck Julia. Her cunt needs attention."

Fifteen seconds later, Ron's erect prick pierced my pussy and started thrusting. We were all busy, so no one told him to cum. He was still fucking me thirty minutes later when Sarah finally pushed me away. Since my mouth was no longer busy, I said, "Cum" and felt his prick pulsing in my pussy, filling it with his cream; a cup of it, it seemed.

Fortunately, he cleaned up after himself and I didn't feel I would embarrass myself by standing up and having it all run down my leg.

"I suppose I should start looking for a motel," Sarah said.

"I thought you might be staying with Regina," I said.

"It would be weird for both my slave and I," she said. "His ex-wife, her two paramours, the bi-sexual ex-husband and his Mistress. Sounds like an Agatha Christie murder waiting to happen."

"We'll be gone, but there's no reason you can't stay here," I said. "If Master trusts you with his slaves, he should be good trusting you with his house."

Lisa chimed in. "The party bus is picking up a bunch of people from Chen's, right next door on Friday. Janet and Chen know the codes to set the burglar alarm. You can take an Uber or Lyft if you need to go anywhere, but there's plenty of food in the house. You know your way around it."

"The offer would be even more tempting if you were here," Sarah smiled. "God, that was fun last night. I haven't cum like that in a month of Sundays."

"We were thinking of sending the workers home at noon when we have to leave," I said, "but I'm thinking now we should leave Shasta in charge. She's taking on more responsibility all the time. Some of it earned, but some is her Dominance beginning to exert itself. She gives an order and we've all started to jump. Everyone is starting to take orders from her like they come from me."

"You're right," Lisa said. "Let's make her like shop foreman or something. Put her in charge of production. She can do as well as we can. We can concentrate on administration or something, maybe work on getting our own website up instead of selling everything through Mistress Dark."

"She spent the night, let's talk to her at breakfast," I said. "Ugh, I need a shower. I feel covered in cum. Sarah, shower with me. It will give Lisa a chance to get a shower fucking with Ron, since I just had mine."

She joined me. I only had to give her one more orgasm as the water cascaded down her body. Since I was trying to put Lucas on a regular schedule, I got him and started his feeding.

Shasta and Sean were up already, and Sean had started getting out some ingredients for breakfast. Lisa started to help him while Sarah and I sat down.

Sarah smiled at her. "Good morning, Shasta. You look lovely this morning."

"Don't you think you get me to lick your cunt this morning, cause it won't happen," Shasta replied. "I ain't quite decided if I want to become like all you other perverts who don't know the difference between a cock and a cunt."

Sarah laughed. She held up a thumb and forefinger, a quarter inch apart. "Not even a teeny, tiny one, like this."

Knowing Sarah was pulling her leg, Shasta laughed too. She seemed much more relaxed now she was getting sex regularly and settling into her role.

"Shasta," I said, "Lisa and I have noticed you starting to take over things in the basement."

"I'm sorry, Julia. I'll try not to do it again."

"We're not. Don't be sorry. We want to make it official. Make you the shop foreman, in charge of making everything. You understand what's needed as much or more than we do. We'd give you a raise, a larger percentage of the profits. You'd have to do the ordering, but you know what's needed."

"I don't know anything about being in charge of nothing."

"Nonsense. Just treat us all like your slaves. When you want something done, just say it like you're telling me to lick your cunt."

"Like this. 'Lick my fucking cunt, slave'."

"Exactly like that."

"No, I mean it. I want you on your knees licking my cunt, now." She spread her legs under the table. "Now, slave."

I got on my knees and started licking her cunt. She sounded serious. Some of Sean's cum was leaking out of her cunt. I licked it up, then licked her until she orgasmed.

"That's enough, slave." I crawled out from under the table. "I think I can do that," she said, smiling.

Sarah started laughing. "Oh my God!" Through bouts of laughter. "You've screwed the pooch now, Julia. You're going to spend a lot of time on your knees. Might want to invest in knee pads." Sean and Lisa were tittering in the kitchen.

"No fucking way," Shasta said. "Not at work. We got things to do. Might be busy during lunch break though. What the fuck are you going to do if you ain't the boss?"

I started to wipe my face on a napkin, but Shasta told me to leave it there. "Going to wear me on your face all morning, slave."

I put down the napkin. "Fine. I'll still work, of course, but one of the things I'd like to do is start our own website. We lose 30% of our gross to shipping and handling by using Mistress Dark's business to sell on-line. If we start our own, I think we can cut that substantially, maybe down to 10%. Big increase in profits if we can do it. I need to find a web designer though."

"Uh, Miss Rivers. Are you aware of what I did before working for you?" Sean said.

"No, I didn't interview you and I'm not sure prior work qualifications had much to do with becoming a sex slave."

"I was a web designer."

"What the fuck are you doing building bondage furniture?"

"Mistress wanted to know if I thought I could build furniture if she taught me and I said I could. Gave me a chance to work with her; do her bidding. I wanted to be a slave more than a web designer."

"Every minute you're not building furniture, or obeying your Mistress, I want you building our website. We'll pay you fair market value for the site and add more to your pay for keeping it updated and running. Tell us what you need and we'll make it happen."

"A computer and web design software. We'll need either a server or to purchase server services."

"We can't buy it today. We need to leave for LA, but give us a list of stuff and we'll get it next week."

"Shasta, we were going to let everyone go at noon, because we were leaving, but Sarah is going to stay here until Friday and if you're going to be in charge, you can start today. Keep things running the rest of today and tomorrow. Give everyone the day off on Friday because almost everyone is coming to the bonding ceremony."

"I can do that."

Sean and Lisa were putting food on the table when Rhonda came home from work. She had the rest of this and the first part of next week off due to our bonding ceremony. She was going to pack this morning, take a brief nap, make lunch and sleep as she could during the car ride to LA. At this point, we didn't know what Master had planned for us except for his text this morning telling us to be there by four and expect a vigorous fucking when we arrived. I know he owed Brianna for the use of her slaves a week ago, Sunday. I don't know when he planned to pay his debt.

I started to sit down to eat. Shasta pulled my plate beside her. "I'm feeding you this morning, slave. You eat, then lick my cunt some more." She patted her lap and I sat down.

Sarah pulled Lisa's plate next to her. "Sound's like a plan, Lisa. I don't think I'm done with your slave services for the day."

Rhonda took Lucas and began feeding him some of his baby food we were giving him now. Ron and Sean got to eat their food while we were fed like the slaves we were, then ordered to the floor when our meal was over. She didn't even give me an orgasm first. When the other workers got to work, we were buried in humid cunts lapping two Mistresses taking their time over their breakfast.

The women tittered to see their bosses on their knees licking cunts, but Sean led them downstairs to start. Probably for the best we were putting Shasta in charge. We were likely losing credibility anyway.

We went down right before eight and Shasta immediately made the new state of affairs plain.

"I'm in charge of all furniture production from now on. You got any questions, you ask me. Need time off, you ask me. Need direction, ask me. You're a good bunch and I don't expect to lay down the law often, but I will. If you don't have any questions now, get to work. Times wasting."

They looked at me, still with Shasta's cum on my face. "She was put in charge this morning," I confirmed. I'm sure they wondered if my position was usurped while licking Shasta's cunt, or if it was given to her first.

"Yes, Mistress," Janet, Sean and Reneé said. "Yes, boss," the others replied. Didn't make any difference how it happened. It was a done deal. Shasta was in charge now. I got to work, doing what I was told.

******

At 11:30, Shasta gave Lisa and I permission to leave. We kissed the others goodbye. Shasta patted me on the ass and told me I'd worked hard today.

"May I see you a moment in private, Mistress?" I asked.

"Of course."

We went upstairs for privacy.

"Am I taking it too far?" Shasta asked.

"No. I've no problem with that. It clearly shows you're in charge now, and you are a Dominant and I'm a slave. I wanted to give you the security codes to the house. You're in charge of ensuring the house is locked up now if we're not present. Sarah and Ron don't have them. They can lock it, but can't get back in. They're only going to be here a few days, so I don't wish them to know. If they need to leave for any reason, you can lock the house. Janet and Chen also have the codes as our neighbors in case there's an issue. Please make sure the house is locked up before getting on the bus on Friday."

Everyone going from here was leaving on Friday from here, except one worker who lived close to Luigi's. Only Jerry was driving on his own as he had to work next week, taking Reneé with him.

"Of course."

I gave her the codes. The entry code for entering the house, the password to the security company if the alarm was inadvertently tripped while someone was here.

"I'm going to go back downstairs with you. I'd like you to give me another order so people don't think I was chastising you for earlier. I want it clear to everyone you're in charge."

We returned to the work spaces and everyone looked at Shasta like she'd just been called on the carpet. It's what I was afraid of given the circumstances.

I grabbed my phone, which I'd left down there on purpose.

Shasta said, "Thanks for giving me the security codes. It shows a lot of trust in me. Before you leave, I want you kiss my cunt."

That should reestablish her authority. I knelt down and kissed her pussy. "Thank you, Mistress," I said.

"Back to work everyone," Shasta said. "It's not time for your cum break yet." Everyone started working again, including Shasta.

Sarah and Ron were relaxing out by the pool. I told Sarah that Shasta had the code to open the house now and to see her if she needed help. I gave her Shasta's phone number and Janet and Chen's next door. She kissed me goodbye and said she was looking forward to seeing us on Saturday.

Rhonda had gotten up to make snacks and pack water on ice for the drive down. I got Lucas and everything we'd need for the next five days, including an extra box of diapers. His packing took up more space than the adults. We had almost nothing to wear but the items purchased for the bonding. We did bring a wide selection of sex toys and punishment instruments. Who knew what we might need.

We left a little after noon. Lisa drove so Rhonda could sleep some more and I could sit in the back next to Lucas's car seat so I could feed him when he got hungry. We ate some before Rhonda lowered her seat to doze.

"What do you expect to happen the next few days?" Lisa asked softly. "Given what Master's had us doing the past couple weeks, I don't have a clue what to expect."

"His text said he wanted us there by four and to expect a hard fucking when we got there. Beyond that, I haven't the foggiest either. None of the other guests will be there until Saturday, so hopefully, it's only Master and a few of the women we pleasure."

"Don't forget Thornhill and Sam," Lisa said.

I wouldn't have thought Bill and Sam would be an issue, but after the last week and a half, who knew what Master planned. I'd been fucked by Phil and he had less excuse to fuck us than Bill or Sam did. Even Marcus had less reason to fuck us than they did, despite having fucked us before. He was only a random delivery driver.

Lucas started fussing and I figured he was hungry, so I pulled my dress aside and put him to my breast, unconcerned for the passing motorists. I'd lost all sense of modesty and decorum the last year. As expected, he quickly quieted once he was feeding. Eventually, he stopped drawing milk, but kept gently sucking as he fell asleep. When he dropped off, I put him in the car seat, neglecting to put my breast away until he was buckled in.

"Asshole," Lisa muttered, giving someone the finger. "Fucking driver was watching you more than the road. Almost side swiped us. You'd think people never saw a boob before."

"Perhaps not as nice as mine," I laughed. "There are boobs and then there are boobs. You seem to like it."

Lisa smiled at me in the rear view mirror. "What's not to like. If I get hungry in bed, I can have a quick snack."

"Lucia should be having her baby fairly soon. The end of the month, I think, or early June."

"Master might be here for the delivery," Lisa said. "He's here every other week."

"It would be nice if he could be here for the birth of his daughter."

Traffic wasn't as bad as it usually was. Maybe coming on Wednesday was a blessing. It looked like we'd be there ahead of time. I sent a text to Master and Brianna, giving them the ETA.

As soon as we pulled into the Estate, Brianna, Monique and Zoe were waiting for us.

Brianna ordered us to strip. We would have done it anyway, but now it was plain. Brianna took our clothes.

"Give me Lucas," Zoe said. "We're putting him in the nursery with the others. I'll take care of his feedings and other needs while you're here. You're going to be quite busy." Monique and Zoe collected all of his things and the luggage.

"Follow me," Brianna said.

"Yes, Mistress," we said, following her into the house.

She led us into the living room where Adele waited, holding their leather punishment paddle. "Your Master isn't home yet. He wants you prepared for his arrival. Bend over the couch, reaching for the floor. Adele will fasten your hands down so you're somewhat immobile. She'll then give you thirty swats apiece, and you'll wait for your Master to arrive."

"Did he say why we were being punished, Mistress?" Lisa asked, though she was already obeying like the rest of us.

"He'll tell you when you see him."

"Yes, Mistress," Lisa said. Perhaps arriving early wasn't such a good thing after all.

We were soon fastened down over the couch. To make it worse. Our legs were fastened to spreader bars making our asses and sex more available. As soon as we were fastened, Brianna ran a finger through our slits, testing our wetness.

"You taste good, slaves. Your Master had indicated you'll be mine tonight. Expect to be treated as Cindy was except for your use by any of the men. Go ahead, Adele. Spank their asses red."

At least it wasn't any more men.

"Yes, Mistress," Adele responded, moving around behind us.

She started with me, the first in line.

"Keep count, slave."

"Yes, Adele."

Adele laid it on. The paddle was heavier than the Enforcer and jolted me more, yet stung less, though it hurt as much. I kept count as she did the full thirty. I was sobbing by the time she reached twenty. I didn't cum, but I was dripping more than when Brianna fingered me. I couldn't see my ass, but it burned and I assumed it was red.

Adele started on Rhonda next. She was made of sterner stuff. She didn't sob, though I could see the tears dripping from her eyes. She didn't cum either. Lisa was next and she cried as I did. We were left there, waiting for Master to arrive. The minutes ticked by, the sounds of people moving around the house. Since I was bent over the couch, I didn't see him enter. The first I knew he was there is when his cock plunged into my cunt with a cheery, "Good afternoon, slave." I spasmed, gasping.

"That didn't take long." He pulled out of me and fucked into Rhonda. She made it about three strokes before she climaxed.

"You'd think you'd be a little fucked out," Master said, moving on to Lisa. "Apparently, I was mistaken."

I heard the wet sounds of his cock sluicing in her, his hips smack her bottom twice before she moaned, wriggling as she orgasmed.

He moved back to me. This time it took fifteen or so hard fucking strokes before I climaxed again. He was slamming into me like a battering ram, using every inch of his cock to gain speed and momentum before he smashed into my pussy. Moving down to Rhonda, he abused her as much as he'd done me, with the same eventual result, her squirming in orgasm, bent over the couch.

Now it was Lisa's turn again, her last orgasm further distant than Rhonda's and mine. It took him a half a minute of steady pounding before she moaned and shuddered through another one. Then it was back to me. When he took my cunt this time, it seemed gentler, but he only wanted to ensure his cock was drenched in my juices. He pulled out, moved up to my ass, pushed deep in my rectum and the battering started all over again. "Fuck my ass, Master," I moaned.

It took almost three minutes before I shattered again, shivering through another strong climax. On to Rhonda. A gentle insertion into her bottom, then a hard fucking ending in her squealing through her next climax.

I heard Lisa moan as he took her ass, giving her no more than ten seconds to accustom herself to the intrusion before another hard fucking ensued. Master groaned through his own orgasm before Lisa moaned into hers as Master emptied his sperm into her bottom.

Adele handed him a wet washcloth to wash himself after he pulled out. Just like that, three orgasms apiece in less than twelve minutes.

He took the paddle from Adele's hand.

"Master, why are we being punished?" I asked as he laid the first one on me.

"I don't recall you asking me on any of the days you were fucked so thoroughly if you had permission to cum." The second one fell, jolting me.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
No, we hadn't. God, I must have climaxed at least a dozen times a day or more while he was gone. Eleven days and nights of fucking, a well used slave.

"How many times are we to be punished? I asked. "One for each orgasm?" He smacked my bottom again. Three.

He paused. "Do you even know how many times you orgasmed, slave?"

"No, Master. A lot. Many times. I lost count of the times."

"Yes. I'm sure. No, I'm going to do thirty for each day, plus the three you just had, making fourteen times. Fourteen times thirty is four hundred twenty swats apiece. We'll spread them out, maybe a hundred-twenty per day. I wouldn't forget again to ask for permission."

One hundred twenty a day was four times each day, thirty in a pop. I'd survive. I might even be able to sit down. "No, Master."

"How many have I done this time, or do we start over?"

"Three, sir."

"Very well,"

He gave me the balance of his spanking, moving on to Rhonda and finally Lisa. Even Rhonda cried this time.

"Adele, when supper is ready, they can be released from their confinement," Master said. "Everyone who comes to dinner will be provided an orgasm with their food from one of these slaves. Man or woman, makes no difference. Put them to work."

"Yes, Master Scott."

I'd been hoping to spend a little quality time snuggled up to Master in a bed. Those hopes were dashed. We stayed where we were until supper was announced, our asses waving in the breeze. Three naked, punished slaves, bent over in a most exposed manner. Occasionally, some of the others would drift through the room, taking note of us, commenting and rubbing our red asses. Even kissing them at times, but no one touched our cunts, when I'd dearly love for someone to do it, even to lick my cum leaking from my pussy, and down my legs; but apparently they were told we weren't available for pleasure yet.

At six, Adele released us. She brought us into the dining room and told everyone who wasn't sitting at the table to get themselves an orgasm before getting their food. Fortunately for us, they were slaves and climaxed quickly. When only the seated remained, she sent us under the table to see to their needs. As the three of us moved around, I was confronted with Sam's cock, lying semi-hard on his thigh. I apologized to Marcia for sucking her husband, before taking him in my mouth. Rhonda was doing Marcia and Lisa was doing Chantelle. It took me longer than the other two. They were slaves and he wasn't and he took every moment to savor my cock sucking. It was fifteen minutes before he sent his cum down my throat. I risked a quick glance at Master, before moving on. He was busy in conversation with Zoe and Cindy, kissing Zoe, then whispering something in her ear, so perhaps he didn't notice me sucking Sam's shaft. Rhonda was working on Williams prick. Lisa had done Evelyn and moved on to Adele. Cindy was the next one and she parted her legs and scooted forward on the chair so I could lick her cunt. Lisa finished with Adele and moved on to Zoe. Rhonda was still sucking Bill so when I finished Cindy, I had Master.

"I would hope you haven't forgotten how to suck cock," Master said. "You've had enough practice while I was gone."

"No, Master. I haven't forgotten."

Let's see, there was Dan, Sean, Edward and Rob, Chen, Jerry and Marcus. Dan again, with Reggie and my father, Sean and Phil, Sean and Ron. No, I'd had plenty of cocks to practice on. Sam just now. Twelve different cocks, multiple times. No one could say I'd been bereft of practice on cocks. Most or all of it seen by Master in photos and videos. His slut wife slave servicing countless different men in all of her slave holes.

I did my best to give Master the best blow job I could. Drawn out, lots of kisses and little nibbles, lots of tongue and throat; his cock, balls, inner thighs. When he orgasmed, he held my head, grunting as he pulsed, pumping stream after stream, jetting against the back of my mouth.

"Very good, slave," Master said, patting my face.

"Thank you, Master."

Rhonda and Lisa had moved on to Dawn and Monique, leaving only Brianna for me.

"Come here, dear," she said, parting her legs under the table. "Let's see if you remember some of what Monique taught you."

"Yes, Mistress."

My head dipped between her legs, inhaling the rich scent of her pussy. My tongue laved up the middle of her cleft from sheath to clit. Tasting and gathering her liquid honey and causing her to gasp suddenly.

"Your Master is giving the three of you to me tonight in payment for Cindy and Zoe a week ago, Sunday and Dawn tonight."

Still no time for my Master. I sighed and kept licking. No response was required. It wasn't an order. It was information. I gave her an orgasm, her breath halting as she melted over my tongue.

"Again, slave."

"Yes, Mistress."

I gave her another. "You do get lots or practice on cunts, don't you?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"Stay here at my feet. I'll feed you."

"Yes, Mistress."

I know the food was probably good. The food here was always excellent, especially when prepared by Chantelle, but it tasted bland in my mouth. I'd been without my Master for eleven days and all I'd had of him since getting here was roughly three or four minutes of hard fucking in my cunt and ass, and sucking his cock under the table while he was engaged in speaking with Zoe, Cindy and Dawn. Nor did it appear I would be enjoying him any more today, if I were Brianna's tonight. I'd be swamped in wet slave pussy for the night, shared with whoever might want me.

******

SCOTT

I watched my three slaves from behind them, watching Adele turn their asses red. It was a hard spanking, both Lisa and Julia crying during it, even used to me doing it regularly. Their buttocks moved with the fluid shock as the paddle walloped their delectable bottoms. I was naked, and could have fucked them immediately, I was that excited, but I gave it another ten or fifteen minutes of staring at the three asses, allowing a little of my ardor to die.

I didn't say anything to Julia before slamming into her cunt. She climaxed immediately, ripe and ready to cum. Rhonda and Lisa were the same way. Neither of them made five strokes in their cunts before they climaxed. Starting over with Julia, it took longer to cum the second time. Still less than a minute, I wager, but contracting deliciously on my prick as they spasmed. God, I wanted to fuck them bad. I'd gone without relief except masturbation for over a week, watching video and photos of them getting fucked six ways to Sunday. They were such delicious and precious creatures. I used their asses next, fucking long deep strokes into their soft, reddened buttocks. I was so aroused, I could barely last until Lisa orgasmed, cumming before she did, as hard as I tried resisting the urge. Thankfully, I managed to keep fucking her until she orgasmed.

I would have loved fucking them again, taking them to my bedroom and using them until my cock fell off, but I hardened myself for what came next. I left them there, wondering what had just happened, telling Adele not to release them until supper, then put them under the table to serve everyone, man or woman. When Julia was sucking Sam's cock, I tried to keep up a conversation with Zoe and Cindy, but I kept getting distracted by the sight of his cock buried in her mouth. Even Cindy couldn't keep my full attention.

"Are you sure you know what you're doing, Master Scott?" Zoe asked quietly.

"As sure as anything I've ever done in my life," I replied. "Do you have the new paperwork prepared?"

"Yes, sir. It's ready for the ceremony. What if you're wrong?"

"Then I never owned her in the first place and this has all been a beautiful dream."

I could tell Sam was cumming down Julia's throat. He glanced at me and I waved his questions off. Knowing in my heart Julia would look at me when she finished cleaning his cock, I grabbed Zoe and planted a big kiss on her, surprising her, but immediately responding as a slave should. I watched out of the corner of my eye and Julia did look at me, wondering what I was thinking. I was thinking she was the most beautiful slave in the world. Julia moved on to Cindy who scooted forward on her chair and spread her legs.

"What was that for?" Zoe said, pantingly when I released her lips.

"Trying to act nonchalant," I said, whispering. "I hope I was successful."

It didn't take long for Cindy to cum. She was a slave now, another beautiful slave who somehow managed to love me, as wrong as that was. Julia moved to me next, Lisa having taken Zoe before Cindy climaxed.

"I would hope you haven't forgotten how to suck cock," I said. "You've had enough practice while I was gone."

God knows I'd watched every moment I could.

"No, Master. I haven't forgotten."

Somewhat guiltily, I believed as she thought of who she'd been fucking for eleven days. By my count, it was twelve different men, including her father and mine, plus a lot of women as well. She'd only done as she was told, and enjoyed every second of it like a sex slave should.

She was giving me the most exquisite cock sucking I could remember. Making use of every skill she'd learned and practiced; her intimate knowledge of me and my reactions. When I finally orgasmed, it felt the top of my prick had cum off, opening flood gates of cum. I rested my hand on her head, as much to steady me as to hold her. I was grunting, unable to control myself, on fire as I sent pulse after pulse into her mouth, lovingly situated where she would taste every drop of my seed. I shivered as she milked me after, savoring every drop.

"Very good, slave," I said, patting her face. I wanted to pull her out from under the table, throw her down on it and fuck hell out of her again. I resisted the impulse, not because it would have shocked a single soul, but I needed to keep my slave guessing.

"Thank you, Master."

She moved on to Brianna, giving her two orgasms, Brianna telling my slave she belonged to her tonight, feeding her. It seemed Julia took no delight in her food, a delicious beef Bourgouinon, chewing and swallowing almost without interest. I tried to focus my attention on my dinner companions again, hard as it was not to look at Julia, appearing forlorn and despondent. Lisa and Rhonda were fed by Monique and Adele. I'd given up control of my slaves for the night. They would be used by someone else tonight.

The meal finally finished, I said, "My slaves still have a substantial number of punishments to undergo. William, would you like to spank each of my three slaves thirty swats each. You spank yours every single day. I'm quite sure you're good at it. And if you need to fuck one afterward, feel free, except for Rhonda. She's off limits for cocks."

"Don't mind if I do," William said. "You have exquisite slaves."

"Let's adjourn to the living room," I said. "Will you be using your hand or the paddle?"

"I prefer my hand," Bill said.

"I love a hand spanking myself," I said. "To feel their soft, firm butts move under it, turn red, feel the warmth rising up from their bottom as you bring the heat."

Bill smiled at me. He kissed his slave. "Yes, I enjoy the same thing. To feel the heat off her ass as I fuck her afterward, so nice and warm against my groin."

"Completely agree. Why don't you start with the one you can't fuck, and end with either of the ones you can. Their ass will still be nice and warm."

"Thank you, Scott. I appreciate it."

I see Bill had decided I knew what I was doing. Everyone still in the dining room adjourned to the living room except those assigned to clean up. Soon, others started drifting in, the underground messaging system which seemed to work so well. Slaves were being punished, other slaves came to watch. I wonder if they wished it were them, or glad it wasn't.

William sat in the throne-like chair and called Rhonda over.

"Over the knee, slave, hands and feet on the floor, and may I say you have a spectacular ass."

"Thank you, Master."

"Keep count for me."

"Yes, sir."

Bill gave Rhonda a brisk spanking, measured and deliberate. Rhonda tolerated it well. She got teary eyed, as she had with the paddle when Adele was wielding it, but not sobbing. Julia and Lisa were whispering, waiting for their turn. I wonder what they were whispering about. Bill's cock was hard by the time he was finished. He said next and Julia went to him going over his knee. So it would be Lisa getting fucked. I'm not sure it was a great improvement, but at least she wasn't my wife. He directed Rhonda to remain kneeling nearby until he was finished.

Julia bent over Bill's lap, his erection rubbing against her hip. William smacked Julia just as measured and deliberate as he'd done Rhonda. She too got tears in her eyes, but managed to avoid sobbing.

"Thank you, sir," she said, when he was finished.

"Remain kneeling as I finish with your friend."

"Yes, sir." She moved close to Rhonda, her slave, and laid her head on her shoulder.

Lisa went over Bill's lap. A drop of pre-cum was on the tip of his prick. She bent over his lap, hands and feet on the floor, which due to her lower height, really made her bottom thrust upward. There was dew on her pussy from the stimulation she had already.

"Mmm, this is the sweet pussy I'm going to be fucking," Bill said, running his hands over her bottom.

"Yes, Master, it is."

"You're so wet for me, aren't you slave?"

"No offense, Master, but I'm wet for everyone."

Bill laughed. "An honest answer, I suspect."

William spanked Lisa as hard as he spanked the others, his hand coming down slow and methodical. Her butt bounced under his hand, coming down with each stroke, then popping back up to take the next stroke. He finished the spanking and pulled her to the chair, bracing her hands on the arm, getting behind her and sliding into her wet sheath slick as silk. Within three strokes, Lisa was requesting permission to cum. It was granted, Bill stopping his motion while her tensing continued, then pumping away when it stopped. He fucked her five more minutes and she moaned into another orgasm, requesting permission. William stopped thrusting, enjoying her convulsing over his cock. Waited until it stopped, then kept right on fucking her. My littlest slave climaxed four times on Bill's prick before he froze except for the flexing of his shaft as his balls pumped her full of his cum.

When he pulled out of Lisa, I said, "Julia clean his cock. Don't leave it for his own slave to clean up after your sister slave. Rhonda, you can clean Lisa."

Julia looked at me for maybe three seconds, then started sucking his cock clean.

When it looked like it was done, I ordered her to keep going. "You offered him a blow job at Christmas, slave. He's waited a long time for it. Don't disappoint me. I want you to give him one as good as what I got at dinner."

She glanced my way again, still confused by my choices. I could almost feel her eyes piercing me. She pulled off his cock and for a moment, I thought she was going to refuse.

She looked up at Bill. "Master William, if I must obey my Master, it would be better for you to sit. I wouldn't want you to stand too long and become tired. Miss Evelyn, when your husband cums in my mouth, I would be happy to share it with you should you wish."

Evelyn looked at her Master and he nodded.

"I would like that very much."

******

JULIA

I didn't know what Master was doing, but I felt I was being played with. I'd talked Lisa into going last so I wouldn't be fucking Bill in front of my husband. It was bad enough she was going to do it. It made no difference in the end. After he fucked Lisa, Master told me to suck him clean, then go ahead and give him a full blow job. I had offered at Christmas, but it wasn't as if I wouldn't have gotten Master's permission first. I still didn't understand why any of this was happening. I'd been dying for him for well over a week and I was being farmed out to everyone but him.

After asking him to sit down so I could properly suck his cock, Bill sat down and spread his legs. I planned of giving him the best blow job I possessed. If I was going to fuck and suck other people in front of my Master at his command, they were going to get everything I had. I went between his legs and grasped his half hard dick, now clean of cum and licked the head. I did everything I could to drive him mad with pleasure. I kept looking up at his face with the most adoring smile I possessed and pulled every trick from my repertoire.

Fourteen years of sucking cock, including the past year, a crash course in sucking cock of every description, went into his blow job. I sucked his cock, just the top, then down to his balls. I licked his balls, suckling first one, then the other, and finally both. I lifted his sack to spear my tongue at his ass hole, then back to his shaft. I kissed, I licked, I stroked. I held his ass, cupped his nuts, and twirled my tongue around the head like a whirling dervish, even spearing at the tiny slit on top. All the time, watching him, owning his eyes, his pleasure, gauging his arousal. I even pinched the base of his dick to keep him from cumming too soon as I wanted him to swamp my mouth with his seed.

He was bouncing on the edge of his chair when I cupped his sack, swirled my tongue around the underside of the crown, sank over his shaft until my lips were buried in his pubes and my tongue could tickle his wrinkled sack. He was bucking up into my face, groaning, when I released his prick and let him explode. Like with Master, I lifted most of the way off his shaft as he started cumming, capturing his cream, but let some of his dribble down so Master could see him fill my mouth as he emptied every drop of cum. When I could no longer feel him spurting his sperm, I pumped his prick to make sure I didn't leave a single drop behind, licking up every drop I'd let fall.

William was groaning, "Christ, fuck me, fuck me. What a fantastic blow job." He was still thrusting his hips into my hand even though there was nothing left to give me.

I turned to Evelyn and kissed her, transferring a substantial portion of his cum to her mouth in a tango of tongues, dancing together.

When I broke the kiss, I said, "Thank you for sharing your Master, Evelyn. I appreciate it so much." Then turning back to William, said, "Thank you for the dessert, Master William. If you would like me to pleasure your slave as I did you, I'd be more than happy to do so. I would hate for her to miss out on the fun and games tonight."

"By all means," Bill said shakily. "I'd hate for her to miss out as well."

She was already seated, next to her Master and holding his arm. She smiled at me and spread her legs, opening up for me. Before I started, I thought about everything I'd learned from all the women who'd trained me, Mistress Dark, Monique, Rhonda, Zoe. Every woman to ever love another woman. I used every trick I knew on her; the teasing, the love bites, the touching, the stroking, the licking, the sucking. I started slow and built her up, pausing whenever I sensed she was close, waiting for her ardor to wane, then back to a simmer, a slow boil, the back burner. When she was ripe for plucking, I plunged two fingers up her cunt, another in her ass, while sucking and licking her clit after I'd pulled the hood back. It took over ten minutes for me to make her cum, screaming, but the others just piled on one after the other, five of them rapid fire, bang, bang, bang. Her back was arched as her hips thrust at my mouth, moaning continuously for five minutes before I let her down easily.

"My, my, my," Brianna said. "It appears our Julia has learned some new tricks. We might need to draw lots to see who gets her first. Come, my friends." She held up a leash. "Let's introduce you to your new home for the next twelve hours."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
I kissed Evelyn again, letting her taste herself this time, then stood up and approached Brianna accompanied by Lisa and Rhonda. Monique and Adele also had leashes, which were fastened to our collars and we were led to Brianna's bedroom, fastened to the bed by our leash to be used by any of her slaves as Cindy had been. Apparently, they were drawing lots, because they all left us for the moment and we were alone.

I said to my sister slaves, "Let's do our best. I don't want anyone believing any other person can lick cunt any better than we can."

"Certainly not better than you, anyway," Lisa laughed. "I was ready to cum myself when Evelyn did. Where did that come from, anyway."

"I don't know. I'm pissed. We've been without our Master for eleven days, and other than a brief fucking when he gets here, he's put us to work fucking or sucking everyone else here. I expected to spend the first night, at least, with him, thinking he missed us as much as I missed him. Instead I'm sucking Sam's cock, or William's, or you're getting fucked by William. I decided if I'm going to be passed around, I'm going to be the best fucking slave anyone has ever had and Master can wish it was him."

Lisa kissed me. "I'm with you. I have no idea what Master is doing and if we don't matter to him, I'll matter to someone else."

We all hooked pinkies. "Fuckin' A," Rhonda said.

Jade came into the room first, closely followed by Dorinda and Ingrid.

"I won you first, Julia," Jade said. "I want you doing to me exactly what you did to Evelyn."

"I will do my very best, Jade. Lie down and spread your legs for me. This will take a little time as it requires a build up to a crescendo."

"I don't care how long it takes as long as it ends the same way."

Ingrid asked, "Can you two do what she just did?"

"We can certainly try," Lisa said. "Who do I have?"

"That would be me," Dorinda said, sitting on the edge of the bed. She lay back and parted her legs. Poor Lisa. Dorinda had the largest bush on the estate. I don't know if it was a cultural or religious thing, but she didn't trim at all. It didn't stop Lisa though. She started the seduction I'd demonstrated earlier that night.

There was a lot of satisfied screams in Brianna's bedroom that night. It appeared my sister slaves could learn new tricks as well. The only women we didn't satisfy were Sam's two and Dawn, spending the night with Master, right down the hall. I hope she heard her sister slaves screams and wished she weren't fucking Master.

Just before midnight, Adele gave us the last of the spankings we had to endure today. After giving Brianna, Monique and Adele two more orgasms apiece, we were allowed to sleep with the cum of a dozen women on our faces. I slept like the dead.

******

SCOTT

"Your slaves were very popular last night, Scott," Brianna said, leading them into the dining room on their leashes at eight.

"I heard. I'm glad they're so proficient. Put them to work satisfying everyone at the breakfast table again, would you."

I saw Lisa and Julia look at each other again before crawling under the table and satisfying everyone in the room. A lot of people had already eaten and started working, but there were a few around, including Bill and Sam. Marcia was working, having the day shift now, Chantelle was in the kitchen helping with breakfast. Both Sam and Bill got long lingering blow jobs, Rhonda sucked me off like she had an important appointment in ten minutes and didn't want to be late. I detected an aura of hostility. I suspected it would get worse. Dawn, seated beside me, didn't get much better. Zoe was treated well, though, as was Cindy. Unless I missed my guess, Dawn's being my partner for the night played a part in her indifferent pleasuring.

After eating, I took the leashes on my slaves and moved them from their neck collars to their labial piercings. The leashes dangled below their cunts, the weight tugging on their pussies. My slaves and I and Zoe went to the nursery to look in on Lucas and Jenna. They were both hungry. Bottles were being prepared, but Zoe cancelled them and handed Jenna to Julia before picking Lucas up and putting him to her breast. They sat in the rocking chairs provided and fed each others children. I saw it live for the first time, sharing their milk with each other's children. Julia looked at me and smiled. It was the first time Julia had looked at me with anything other than indifference or mild disgust since arriving last night. I assumed it wouldn't last. I still had some rough times in mind for my slaves.

After the feeding, we went out to the pool, but I didn't remove their leashes when they sat down, letting them continue tugging on their vaginal hoops. Julia looked puzzled at my behavior. She asked me if I wanted a blow job.

"Not necessary. Dawn fucked me pretty good last night and Rhonda just sucked me off too. I'm good. We should probably start on the day's punishments. Don't want them all to happen at the same time. Sam, do you want to do the honors this morning. I understand both Marcia and Chantelle appreciate a good stiff spanking?"

"They do," Sam replied, "and it's probably time for Evelyn to have her morning spanking, isn't it Bill?"

"Indeed it is. Mind if I borrow that Enforcer of yours, Sam?"

"Not at all. I'll go get it."

Sam got up and returned with the twin of the one I used except its handle was black instead of blue. Like me, William liked to give his slave an orgasm before spanking her in the morning, and when I saw the fifty he gave her every morning, I saw why. He used the handle to quickly fuck her to two climaxes, before laying it on her. Evelyn was jumping and twitching and crying before he finished. When it was over, he gave her another orgasm to calm her, then had her suck his cock. He soothed her face, wiping her tears as she sucked, grunting when she collected his treat.

William handed the Enforcer to Sam. He patted his knee and Rhonda bent over it.

"Like Bill, I think slaves should have orgasms before the Enforcer," I said. "Two seems about right ahead of time, or one before and another half way through."

"May I cum, sir?" Rhonda asked.

Sam nodded and using his fingers first, then the handle, he gave Rhonda two orgasms. The preliminaries done, he gave her the spanking. They were used to the Enforcer, more than the paddle last night. It stung like a son of a bitch, but left no lasting bruising or long term pain. She was practically dry eyed when she got off his lap. Julia pushed Lisa forward for the second spanking, looking at me. I kept my face blank, a poker face I hoped she couldn't read. I loved her so much.

"May I cum, Master, when you fuck me with the handle and when you spank me?" Lisa asked.

"As long as you ask permission first."

Lisa enjoyed the preliminary orgasms and climaxed once during the spanking, much as Rhonda had, requesting permission to cum when she did.

******

JULIA

I pushed Lisa forward second. If we were going to play these games Master wanted to play. I was going to get fucked, good. I'd been licking pussy all night and a nice hard cock sounded really good right now. Her spanking complete, I replaced Lisa over Sam's lap. His cock was hard. Spanking naked slave girls is arousing. He looked to be comparable to Jerry, perhaps slightly shorter, slightly fatter. He'd fill my cunt nicely.

"Would you like me to suck you off before you start, sir, or would you like to save it for my fucking later? I could get you hard again later if you'd like to do both."

"I'll wait, thank you," Sam replied.

"Master Sam," I said, watching at my Master, "it's been awhile since I've had a real good fucking, so I'm hoping you'll really give it to me. I want you to fill me with your cum until it drips out of my cunt."

Sam glanced at Master too. Master smiled at him. "Give her what she wants," he said. "Anything for my slave."

He used just his fingers for my first orgasm. I was moaning and squirming like crazy over his lap, maybe playing it up a bit when I climaxed, but I soaked his fingers I was so aroused by now. I remembered to ask for permission to cum, though, not wanting to undergo any more spankings than I'd already earned. Sam licked his fingers clean and used the handle of the Enforcer for the second, plunging hard and fast into my sheath. I begged him to cum and he granted me permission.

"Now, smack my ass, sir. Let me feel it. I want to orgasm again."

Sam smacked my bottom hard, granting my request. Harder than either of the other two slaves but I laughed. "Harder, Sam. Scott's father hits harder with his hand."

He increased the intensity of his strokes and I moaned, "That's it, sir. Make me cum again. I need to cum."

Chantelle had finished working in the kitchen and came out to see what was going on. She saw her Master using the Enforcer on me and sat down a half dozen feet away to watch. Actually, I felt I was drawing quite the crowd by now. I'd been vocal and the crack of the paddle on my ass was loud.

Despite the intensity of my spanking, about twenty strokes in, I felt an oncoming orgasm, ready to spill over, "Permission to cum, Master. Put your fingers in me again, sir. Make me cum hard."

Sam gave me permission and as soon as my shudders started, I yelled, "Now, use your fingers now, Master."

My pussy was spasming wildly and he increased its intensity by shoving three fingers into my throbbing cunt and finger fucking me to a long orgasm. I moaned the whole time, wriggling like a worm on a hook on his lap. His fingers were soaked when he removed them.

Sam finished my spanking, and seeing Chantelle right there, I told her to lie on the ground in front of me so I could lick her cunt. She did what I asked and I was on my hands and knees ready to give her pleasure. Before I buried my lips in her pussy, I looked back at Sam, saying, "Plug me good, lover. Nail this cock hungry slave. Fuck me good, sir. Permission to cum."

"Cum all you want," he said, doing exactly what I asked, slamming his cock into my still frizzing cunt, giving me the first of my next half dozen climaxes. I ignored them or tried, concentrating on Chantelle's beautiful pussy, spread out before me. For the most part, I was successful in paying her homage. She climaxed four times, grinding her pussy against my face each time. Sam pounded my pussy hard, bringing me from one peak to the next before he growled and I felt him shoot his load in me. Instead of waiting for Master to order it, as soon as he pulled out, I was on him like white on rice, cleaning his cock, thick with our accumulated cum.

Chantelle returned the favor, cleaning my dripping cunt, giving me a couple more. After the last one, I turned over onto my back and pulled her up to my face and kissed her.

"Thank you for sharing your Master," I said. "I really needed that."

"You're welcome, mon cherie. Monsieur enjoyed it too. I could tell from the amount of cum he deposited in you. I was able to enjoy it as well."

I looked at my Master and said, "It's the best fucking I've had in twelve days."

******

SCOTT

Julia really poured it on when she fucked Sam. I detected a little theater, but there was no denying how many times she'd cum while fucked.

Maybe it was time to do a little good with the mean. I went to my room and got one of the packages I'd purchased the last week. I walked up to my slaves, all relaxing in the pool.

"I got you a gift," I said.

Julia looked up, surprised again. I was keeping her off balance.

"What, Master?"

"Some slave jewelry, which will go well with your piercings," I replied.

I pulled out a chain, marked Rhonda. They were made to each of their heights, so I'd had to label them. It was a simple gold chain in the shape of a Y. It had a small clasp which clipped to each of their nipple hoops, and going down to a clasp fastening to their labial piercing. Lisa's was the same, but in the case of Julia, since she had no nipple piercings yet, an ornamental bell which depended from her slave badge and chimed as it tugged upon her labia piercing, much as Cindy's had. The other item for Julia, a couple of small gold balls which I could fasten to the clitoral hood piercing. Monique told me it would provide more stimulation to her clit, pulling and tugging on the piercing with the weight, jiggling as she walked, both from her motion and from hitting into each other, clicking, creating vibrations against her clit. Though from the response to her recent fucking, I was unsure she needed more stimulation. Everyone would hear her jingling as she walked.

I fastened Rhonda's chain, sliding a finger into her pussy when I did, though not enough to cum. There was enough weight to it, it would provide stimulation to nipples and pussy. The next one I pulled out of the bag was Lisa's. I attached it too, with a quick trip to her pussy to keep her on edge. I pulled out Julia's gifts, putting them on her and she noticed when I fastened the balls to her hood piercing instead of her labia.

"Walk around a little, tell me how they feel," I said.

"It's nice," Lisa said. "I like it," Rhonda added. "Oh, fuck, it's as bad as when I first got my hood piercing," Julia said. "I'm going to be horny all the time."

"Exactly what I hoped for," I laughed. "Nothing like a horny slave girl."

"Would you like a blow job now, Master," Julia said, pointing to my near erection.

"I'm still good," I offered, "but I'll be happy to put sun screen on you three."

They accepted, perhaps expecting more, hoping I was finally going to do something with them. Instead, I was perfunctory and didn't play with them at all, leaving them frustrated. I was going to do something shitty again, so I called Zoe over and leaning back on the lounge, asked Zoe to put my sun screen on. To really piss them off, I had Zoe suck me off even though I just told Julia I didn't need one. All three of them were steaming by the time Zoe swallowed my cum, even Rhonda who was usually comfortable ignoring my cock. She was probably as mad for her Domina as she was for herself.

About an hour before lunch, I fucked Dawn, generally ignoring my own slaves again. If eyes were capable of shooting laser beams, I would have been reduced to sooty ashes.

I did give them their next spanking, using my hand, and I did finger fuck all three of them when it was over, but nothing more than one orgasm, and when I had Cindy suck my cock afterward, they were stewing.

They were even more angry when I had them service everyone at lunch, telling them I didn't need a blow job myself as I'd just cum. I did feed them all afterward, but neglected to coddle and caress them as I usually did. A small nicety, followed by a jab to the ribs. Post lunch, Adele gave them their third spanking using the paddle again. They'd spent most of the day with red rumps, slowly fading, then reapplied.

As their spanking concluded, I told William I was going to spend the night with Zoe and Cindy and I would appreciate it if he and Evelyn took my three slaves that night and saw to it they were all three well and truly fucked that evening. The glares I received from them would have withered an oak tree. Even Evelyn was not blind to it.

Evelyn didn't speak to me in front of them, but during the afternoon, had an opportunity to speak to me without my slaves present.

"Master Scott, pardon me for interfering in a matter between you and your slaves, but I believed you to be a much superior Master and classier gentleman than what you're currently demonstrating. I've never seen slaves this rudely and disrespectfully treated. I'm so disappointed in you. I thought you a better person."

"Hopefully, Evelyn, I am a better person. I apologize for the distress I must be causing you for you to speak to me about it. I know it's hard to approach a Dominant given your status. I admit to treating them badly and know I'm doing so, but for a reason. Since Julia became a sex slave, she's known no other Master than me. I've been the best Master I could, but I also know I've made mistakes. Since shortly after her slavery began, I haven't let her have sex with other men. It was fear on my part, and something I'm trying to break myself of, since there is no earthly reason I should fear or doubt her devotion to me or love in the slightest. She proves to me every day how much she cares.

"My father pointed out after making a full time slave of my mother, and willingly shared her with others, that he didn't believe sex in and of itself was necessarily bad outside of their marriage. He knew my mother loved him and was unconcerned she might enjoy fucking others. He said it was like buying a new dress even if you have a perfectly good dress at home you love to wear. It's just a change in attire. He knew she would come back after having sex with others and appreciate him all the more because he was willing to share her with others.

"I intend to free my slaves. Give them a choice of remaining my slaves, becoming independent again or even seeking a different Dominant. I don't think it's a valid choice if they're not exposed to others. One of those Dominants is your husband, another one Sam, and also Brianna. I want them to know what other Dominants are like. Their ties to me are tempered by a year of servitude. They probably have no real choice if I continued treating them as I was, so I'm being beastly, rude and disrespectful to them. They don't deserve it in the slightest, but I want to break their conditioning so they truly have a choice.

"I love them dearly, but this was a situation which arose from my wife's fascination with submission, which then sucked her friend into it. Let their choice be free of their year of submission to me."

"You are taking a large risk, Master Scott, offering them a choice of other Dominants, particularly if you're treating them badly. One of them is also your wife."

"I know, but bondage is in many ways more meaningful than marriage. Sometimes people remain married through ennui, ease and comfort even though they become indifferent to one another and no longer love one another. They stop treating their spouse in the way they won them in the first place. It should be regularly renewed to ensure everyone is still happy."

"I stopped treating my husband as he should be treated. I regret how badly I behaved. Master mentioned something the other day about renewing our bondage commitment."

"We spoke of it when I was showing him the progress on your house. Treating my slaves this way has been as hard on me as it has been on them, I assure you. I still have issues watching them with other men, but I am doing my best to overcome it because they're the most generous, loving and giving people I've ever known. However, if they're willing to share me with other women, so I should be willing to share them as well. I really do hope you and William will show them the best possible time. I want them to enjoy every moment of the experience as much as they can."

Evelyn gave me a peck on the cheek. "I'm glad you're not the bastard you appeared to be. Perhaps I can convince Master he should return the favor."

"I'm not doing it because I want to play with you Evelyn, though I'd never refuse an opportunity to be with such a lovely slave."

She blushed slightly, despite being a slave. "Your wife really gives quite the blow job."

I laughed. "I suspect it was fueled by anger. She wanted to prove to me if I was going to be an asshole, she was going to enjoy it. The way she fucked Sam today was another example. She wants to rub my face in it since I'm doing my best to ignore her. I'm not really ignoring her, but she doesn't know that. It's actually very hard to pretend to ignore them."

Evelyn laughed. "No one else is ignoring them, that's for sure."

"Nor should they. They are all exquisite slaves and wonderful women. I'm incredibly lucky to have them."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"I'll make sure my Master fucks them all well."

"Don't forget to take advantage of Rhonda. She's a superb cunt licker."

Evelyn blushed again. "They will be fully used."

"Thank you for caring enough to speak to me. I appreciate it."

Before supper, all three slaves approached me. They looked spectacular in their new jewelry. I felt my cock begin to stir. 'Down boy', I thought to myself.

"Master, do you still want to hold our bonding ceremony on Saturday?" Julia asked.

"More than anything," I replied.

"Didn't you miss us while we were gone?" Lisa asked. "We wanted nothing more than to spend time with you, but you've barely touched us. Have we offended you?"

"I missed you horribly and you've not offended me in the slightest. I love you as much as I'm capable of loving, and nothing you've done as bothered me in the slightest, but let's face it; after Saturday, we're going to be joined pretty closely. I thought we should all enjoy a little variety while we can."

"If you continue to treat us this way, what makes you think we still want to bond with you?" Julia said, glaring.

"I guess I don't know. I suppose I merely assumed we would. You assumed the same didn't you? We've been aiming for this moment for almost a year. We've never questioned it. By the way, so you know and don't have other expectations, I plan to give the three of you to Sam and his slaves tomorrow night. Of course if we bond, I will fuck you on Saturday."

******

JULIA

"I will fuck you on Saturday," Master said, like he was doing us some kind of favor. If he wanted to keep farming us out to others, I'd fuck hell out of them and enjoy it. I'd been worried about Master seeing us fuck others. He seemed indifferent to it, so I was going to fuck as publicly as I could. Fuck everyone in front of him. If it made him feel bad, good. I hope he felt bad. He'd made me miserable. He could be miserable himself. The new jewelry he gave me was making me horny as hell and he wasn't doing a damn thing about it. I went to Master's room and found a whip amongst our belongings we'd brought with.

I walked up to Sam and handed him a whip. "It's about time we were punished again. We're due thirty more strokes apiece. Would you do the honor of whipping us, Master?"

Sam glanced at Master who nodded it was fine. Damn straight it was fine.

"Where do you want to be whipped?" He asked. "We often use the chinning bar in the exercise room to fasten slaves to."

"Right here will be fine, sir." I grabbed the frame of the shade tent they kept up outside for those seeking shade. "I don't need to be fastened. I can manage just fine. Whip my tits and pussy, sir, then fuck me to an orgasm for my endorphin release." I bowed my back to make my breasts and mons protrude more.

Sam smiled. "You seem to be eager for punishment slave?"

"Not so much the punishment as the fucking afterward. You did such a great job this morning, I can't wait for another. Feel free to strike me as hard as you do your slaves, sir."

I braced myself and Sam obliged me with a nice stroke over my taut nipples. It burned, but pleasantly so. I counted one and closed my eyes, feeling myself sink into subspace. I asked to cum after seventeen and again after twenty-eight. When I'd counted out my thirty, I bent over and begged Sam to shove his cock into my needy cunt. Sam started fucking and within ten strokes, I was asking permission to cum again.

"More, sir. Fuck me more," I begged. "Harder. Let me cum again."

He fucked me until he orgasmed. I climaxed four more times. When he pulled out of me. I dropped to my knees and sucked him clean. I continued sucking until he was hard again.

I looked up at him. "I wouldn't want my sister slave to miss out on this fine cock, Master. You should be able to fuck her harder and longer," I said.

Lisa wasn't tall enough to reach the edge of the frame. I got behind her, my breasts into her back and said, "I'll help you hold your arms over your head, Lisa."

She nodded to me and I helped keep her still as Sam whipped her. She climaxed twice as well. When her punishment was over, I pulled her down to the ground in a sixty-nine and licked her clit and Sam's sack as he fucked her gash good. Lisa orgasmed six times during her fucking and I kept lapping the fluids leaking from her cunt. Sam climaxed and I watched his prick pulsing his sperm into her, while nibbling on his balls. When he pulled out of Lisa, I had Rhonda suck him to another hard-on while I licked his cream dripping from her pussy.

Rhonda was tall enough to grab the frame as I was, so she endured her whipping as I had, though only climaxing once, though appearing close to a second.

"My dear Rhonda," I said, "you don't have to fuck Sam if you don't wish, but he has a beautiful big cock and you might enjoy him fucking your cunt as much as Lisa and I did."

"Sure," Rhonda said, "he can fuck my slave cunt as much as he wants. Please let me cum, sir. I'm very close." He gave her permission and she bent over a chair facing Master and climaxed immediately as Sam shoved deep inside her. "Fuck my hot slave cunt, Master," Rhonda said, moaning. "Make me cum over and over again. Julia's right. Your cock is big and beautiful and fills me so well."

Rhonda made a good show of each of her orgasms. Master appeared indifferent, but I saw the tightening of his jaw he often got when upset. I made sure I licked Sam's cum out of Rhonda's cunt when he was done, exclaiming how tasty it was when mixed with my slave. It was good tasting. Still, when Master turned to Dawn and fucked her tight, youthful pussy, my victory tasted like ashes in my mouth.

After supper, during which we satisfied many people again, Master spanked us. Over his lap, with his hand, yet he only gave us one orgasm apiece after, barely enough to count. His cock was hard, but he disappeared with Cindy and Zoe, leaving us with William. I was silently crying as Bill led us to his room with Evelyn.

"Your Master loves you a lot," Evelyn said, kissing my tears away.

"He has a funny way of showing it," I said, sniffling. "He's only fucked us once since we got here, and it was right when we got here. He's barely touched us since. I've fucked your Master more than mine."

"It may not seem so, but I think you'll realize how much before the weekend is over."

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"Evelyn! It's not our place to speak of it," Bill ordered.

"I'm sorry, Master. She's so unhappy," Evelyn said.

"This is between Scott and his slaves. It's his place to handle it."

"Yes, Master."

Once again, a fragment of a hint that it might not be as bad as it seemed, but no answers. I was as much in the dark as I ever was. Other people seemed to know what might be going on, but no one speaking to us of it. I was reaching the point where I was ready to say screw it and ignore whatever happened and go along with it, no matter what it was.

Evelyn and Bill joined together and gave us an exceptionally good time. I sixty-nined with Evelyn while her Master threw me a nice long, slow fucking. He fucked me for twenty minutes before I felt him release in me. Evelyn cleaned me after. They did the same with Lisa as I played with my slave. Lisa climaxed six times during her fucking. We certainly couldn't complain about the amount of sex we were getting, only the parties involved. William asked Rhonda what she wanted from him and when she asked to pleasure his wife while he licked her cunt, he smiled and said, "Happy to."

Evelyn sat on her face while Bill licked Rhonda's twat. She had a half dozen orgasms before he stopped, his face glazed with her cum. I wiped his face with a wash cloth, then Rhonda's, coated in Evelyn's.

Not that Bill and Evelyn weren't great sex partners. They were terrific. Bill was enthusiastic and tender, loving and generous. I enjoyed every minute except for the confusion I felt towards my Master.

I told Evelyn I could get her Master hard again so he could fuck her.

"Unnecessary," she said. "Master is saving himself for you tonight. If you give him sixty to ninety minutes. He should be able to fuck the two of you again."

While he rested, we talked to them about their life, what it was like to be super rich, their child.

"Where is your daughter now," I asked.

"Visiting with my parents," Evelyn said. "She spends a little time with both of them now before she starts school. Master's parents are quite elderly, so she spends a little less time with them. She has a nanny who stays with her to keep either of them from having to do more than they are prepared for."

"Do you miss her?" Lisa asked.

"All the time," they both replied. "She's a very sweet child," Bill said.

"Does she witness glimpses of your lifestyle?" Rhonda asked.

"No," Bill said. "Part of the reason she has a nanny is so we don't expose her to our activities. She's getting to the age I'm not sure we should be naked around her all the time. I'm especially concerned with her seeing me. I know it's not supposed to be particularly harmful for children to grow up around nudity, but when I'm around my slave, I spend a great deal of time erect, which seems more than mere nudity."

"We're thinking of having another," Evelyn said, stroking the cheek of her Master. "It's been two years since Madeline was born. The time is about right."

"I was thinking of trying to get pregnant soon after my bonding ceremony," Lisa said. "Now, I'm not sure. Master hasn't acted normal in two weeks. I don't know what's going on. I worry if I get pregnant now, it won't be welcome."

Evelyn looked to her Master for guidance. Whatever she read there allowed her to say, "I believe your Master would welcome another child."

Another hint, but no information. After resting, William was able to fuck both Lisa and I again. I let Rhonda ride my face as Bill plowed into me. He felt good in my cunt and I climaxed often. William was a good Master. I made sure I licked Evelyn to orgasm several times afterward to thank her for sharing her Master. He even managed to fuck us again in the morning. I was impressed with his stamina.

******

SCOTT

It was possible I was becoming too successful. When Sam whipped them, each one of them ensured she was fucked by him, including Rhonda, who would normally beg off cock. She watched me the whole time she was shagged to catch my reaction, which I tried to keep bland and disinterested. Julia made sure she licked Sam's cum out of both Lisa and Rhonda, pushing for a confrontation. I didn't give it to her. Instead, I bent Dawn over one of the outside chairs and fucked her, watching Julia as she had watched me.

After supper, I spanked them, their last of the day, and finger fucked them to a single orgasm after. My dick was diamond hard following their spankings, but I took Zoe and Cindy to my room, leaving them with William and Evelyn. As much as I tried to ignore the image of William fucking each of my slaves, it was difficult to do and I know I was a less than satisfactory partner. Even Cindy couldn't get much out of me.

At some point, my lack of concentration made Zoe speak. She knew what I was doing and why. "Be careful, Master Scott," Zoe warned. "You're walking a fine line. Don't leave them feeling like you don't care for them anymore. Women will sometimes accept a great deal of abuse, but we don't like being ignored."

"What are you doing anyway, Master?" Cindy asked. "At Christmas time you were the most loving people I knew besides Mom and Dad. When I came after moving back to California, the new baby, everything was hunky dory to the nth degree. I know you still love them; it's in your eyes almost every time you look at them, but you are treating them like shit. Dad would blow a gasket if he saw you treat them this way."

"I'm going to free them."

"They don't want to be free, anymore than I do, sir," Cindy said. "It's ridiculous."

"Look, Dad reminded me of something. The old poster he had on the wall. 'If you love something, set it free. If they come back, it's yours. If they don't, it was never meant to be.' I want them to decide if they want to remain my slaves, not because it's been that way for a year, but because they want to. They need to remake their choice, recommit to it. They should have a choice of anyone they want to bond to. Whether it's Dad, Mr. Thornhill, Brianna, even Mistress Dark or Jerry. Any other dominant they know. But it's almost automatic if we go into this as we were. They're used to taking my direction and orders. To have a true choice, I shouldn't be the first one to come to mind because they're accustomed to me."

"Why would they choose you if you're treating them like garbage?" Cindy asked. "Do you think the person who came up with that adage was thinking, before you let them go, kick them a few times, shit on their feelings, piss on their needs, and then let them go? I doubt it, Master. When you open the door to let them out, they have to know the door is open for them to return. It's not going to be slammed shut as soon as they're out the door."

"Cindy's right," Zoe said. "Don't boot them out, sir. Tell them you want them to have a choice and to do so, you want them to experience what else is out there. Don't make them feel they're not welcome back. You are still hoping they pick you, aren't you?"

"Of course."

"Then you don't want to be the last person they'd consider either, sir. You have to show them some of the side of you they idolize as their Master."

"I gave them gifts. I still spend some time in the punishment role, while making sure Sam, Brianna and Bill show that part of themselves."

"Slaves abide punishments because it comes from a place of love, Master Scott," Zoe said, "not from a place of uncaring, callous disregard of us and our feelings. I don't want to be someone's whipping boy. The other Dominants are seeing to it your slaves receive the love and sex afterwards they expect. You punish them and walk off with us, leaving the sex and love to another. Pure discipline without all the rest is plain abuse. Always has been. Just because it's coming from you doesn't make it less abusive. Don't be a bastard and expect them to return."

Another fucking mistake. It seemed I couldn't stop making them. They were both right. I was doing this all wrong. Compounding my mistakes with a lack of communication on top of everything. When would I ever get it right?

When they showed up for breakfast, looking like they'd been well fucked by Bill, they started to head under the table to service everyone as they had for every other meal. I stopped them and told them to get breakfast so I could feed them. They looked at each other again, as confused as when I told them to service everyone the first time. Still, they got their food and I had them sit in front of me so I could feed each of them. As I fed them, I kissed them, petted them, caressed them, treating them like the Master I should have been all along. When they were done eating, I put each of them on my lap and gave them orgasms.

Their soft moans, squirming bodies, panting breaths and quick exhalations warming me. I finished and Julia asked, "Is it time for our punishment, Master?"

"No. Further punishments are cancelled unless you do something more to earn one. We need to go to our room so I can make love to each of you in the way you most desire."

"Master, what the fuck is going on?" Lisa said. "You're driving me crazy. Are you trying to drive us to the loony bin?"

"All will be explained as soon as I've had sex with each of you the way I should have all along. I promise. No more games. I'll tell you everything, including why I've acted the way I have the last two weeks."

"I could wait on the fucking if we got the explanation first, Master, although I see you're more in fucking mode now," Julia said, pointing to my hard shaft. "I can get you hard again if you think you're going to miss out on your chance to fuck us if you should go limp in the meantime."

"I have no doubt. Almost every time I look at you, I'm getting hard. I spent more time masturbating the last two weeks than should be legal. Okay, bedroom, explanation, lots of fucking."

"It's about time, sir," Rhonda said. "You made my Domina cry and that makes your nuts a very tempting target."

"Ouch! Bad image there." I opened the door to our room and closed it behind us, waving them into the bed. Having three tempting naked slaves in bed almost made me rethink putting sex second.

"You remember when Mom and Dad were over a couple weeks ago?"

"I knew it had something to do with what you were talking to your Dad about, sir, but I can't believe Master Dan would tell you to treat us like shit!"

"He didn't. I wondered how he was so relaxed about Mom having sex with other people. It didn't seem to bother him at all and I asked him about it, because I still felt guilty I couldn't share you two with other men."

They started to protest and I held up my hand. "Please, let me get through this and we can discuss it some more. Okay?"

They all settled down and nodded.

"Dad said he doesn't care about Mom having sex with other men because after thirty-five years of marriage, he knows she loves him and unless he does something stupid, like he did once before, Mom will always return to him, more loving than ever. I said I was having difficulty with it even though I knew you loved me madly and completely.

"He made the point that some things, like love, can't be clung to. If you try to squeeze water too tightly, it squeezes out from between your fingers, but if you make a bowl of your hand, you can hold more water, longer. Clinging so hard to you isn't going to make you love me any more, and it can become too possessive and overbearing."

"We are possessions, Master," Lisa said.

"No you're not. Not really. You have and always will have, the ability to end it with a word. You volunteered for this slavery. You weren't forced into it. It exists, only as long as both of us say it exists. Then it's done. As Dad put it, 'If you think anyone owns your Mother, you're sadly mistaken.' He's right, of course. I don't own you. We've entered an agreement where you've surrendered certain things to me in return for having certain of your needs met."

"Which haven't been met lately, sir" Julia said. "Much to your discredit and our dismay."

"No, not by me, more's the pity. But I started to think about our bonding ceremony. Dad had this poster hanging in the house at one time which always made sense to me. It says, 'If you love something, set it free. If it comes back, it's yours. If it doesn't, it was never meant to be.' I am planning on freeing you. I don't want to go into our bonding ceremony without giving you choices. I want you to freely return to me, because it's what you want, not because we've been doing it for a year or planned this ceremony. I wished for you to experience different Masters or Mistresses, to see what else is available to you. To let you choose the life they might offer you instead of the life I was offering, if you wanted it."

"What? You think you can pawn us off on someone else, Master?" Lisa asked. "What makes you think anyone else wants us?"

"I don't know for sure anyone else does, but William could afford to support as many slaves as he wants. Jerry probably could handle at least one more. Chen too. Even my Dad might consider a younger slave. Brianna and Mistress Dark would take any one of you and they could take you. Brianna can always use someone more in her business. Mistress Dark can use you in hers, training slaves and Dominants. Julia would be good in either role. You'd never know unless you offered your submission to them. Maybe they accept, maybe they don't. You've had no lack of takers here or for the last two weeks. They were all happy to accommodate my request and check out my slaves."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
"They're your friends, Master. You ask them a favor, they're going to respond favorably. Doesn't mean they want us," Julia said. "Besides, I'm your wife. We have a child together. How the fuck does that work?"

"I was willing to split time with anyone close, allowing you to serve whoever you chose as Dominant and as my wife. If the burden of both became too much, I'd give you a divorce if you wished it."

"What a bonehead, sir," Lisa said. "I'm sorry, but you're off your rocker. Rhonda is Julia's slave and would have to go where she goes. And I'm content with where I am, in love with both of you. I have no desire to look for someone else, with Julia or without her, forget having a child which I now consider part mine. What would ever make you come up with this ridiculous plan? And what has any of this to do with the way you've treated us lately?"

"He wanted us to choose from an even playing field," Julia said. She saw it.

"What?" Lisa asked.

"We've been his slaves for a year. If nothing changed, we would never choose anyone but him. It would be impossible for indoctrinated slaves to pick anyone but their Masters."

"But..." Lisa said, then she got it too. "I see. But so what? Why would I want anything else but what I have enjoyed for the last year. I don't love these other people as more than friends and a couple nights fucking somebody else and a shithead Master for two weeks wouldn't really change my mind.

"Not unless I thought it was going to stay like this forever. But then I'm not making a valid choice either, because he's not offering me the Master I've come to love. I would be choosing from someone who wasn't behaving normally and other people excited to fuck the new slave girl. It was never an even playing field, nor should it be. I want you, Master. I want to bond with you, with Julia, with Rhonda. All this extraneous bullshit is just bullshit.

"Like you said at the beginning. I'm not your property by anything other than my choice, and if you don't behave like a proper Master should, I always have the ability to pick up my marbles and go home. We all do. You've provided me protections. This bonding ceremony doesn't change that. All we're doing is announcing to the world we commit to each other and will do all we can to make it work. We all have the ability to change our mind tomorrow.

"As long as you don't act like a pig headed dick, I won't want to change my mind tomorrow, or the day after or the day after that."

Julia kissed her lovingly.

"There you go, sir. The most valid reason I can think of for calling this one of your stupidest moves yet." Julia said. "While I might applaud you thinking to give us a choice, there is no choice and you couldn't really give us one. You're stuck with us and it's time to resign yourself to it."

"I always want to be stuck with you," I said. "It was never my intent to drive you away."

"Then quit acting like a jerk and fuck me," Lisa said. "Then fuck Julia, and if Rhonda still wants a piece of you, fuck her. Quit pretending we're anything than what we are, your slaves."

I pulled her down under me and entered her in one stroke. "Like this," I said, slamming into her. She gasped, "Yes." "Or this," Another long, deep thrust, rocking her. "Yes, yes. Fuck me, Master. Let me cum."

I did what I should have done all along. "Cum all you want," then fucked my slaves.

Fucked them hard and fucked them good. As I thrust into Lisa, Rhonda kissed her while fondling her boobs, Julia kissed me while palming my stones. My toes were digging into the bed so I got more traction to drive into Lisa, making her grunt with each thrust, rocking her body up inch by inch until she was in danger of hitting the headboard. Rhonda stuck a pillow up behind her head. Lisa was cumming like crazy, slave that she was. I could feel myself round the home stretch and drive for the finish line. The next orgasm Lisa had, I was right with her, pumping my sperm deep inside.

I kissed her, shuddering with the intensity of it. "Anytime you're ready, come off your birth control," I said. "I think it's time you and I make a baby."

"I'll go off it today, sir."

"You might want to hold off until the weekend is over. You're still going to be fucking Sam and his slaves tonight, and I might have a few more surprises in store for you."

"Why are you still sharing, sir? We all know we're picking you tomorrow. If you think Sam needs more slaves, you're nuts," Julia said. "I doubt he even wants more. For one thing, Marcia would probably kill him. If those two slaves don't keep him drained, who could?"

"Because the one thing I might have gotten right the last two weeks was loosen my grip on you. I've seen how much you enjoyed it."

"We enjoy sex. Doesn't mean we need sex with anyone else, Master," Lisa said. "And the last couple days, we may have exaggerated our enjoyment, trying to piss you off."

"I get that. No, it doesn't mean you need sex with someone else. But it doesn't hurt. It doesn't hurt you and it doesn't hurt me."

"You still get upset some, Master. I still see signs of your distress," Julia said.

"Yes. I might still suffer a little distress now. I admit it exists, but not as bad as before and less all the time. You've proven over and over how devoted you are to me, and jealousy at its core is fear. Fear I might not be your first priority, but you love each other as much as you love me and that doesn't bother me. I now believe I'll always your number one male. Even as horrible as I've been, I'm going to be your choice tomorrow. If that's true, why not let you fuck others. We all enjoy variety. Because you enjoy sex with someone else doesn't mean you don't love sex with me."

"You're certain, Master?" Julia asked.

"As certain as I am I'm going to fuck you next," I grinned, pulling out of Lisa, still moderately hard. "Rhonda, please clean your sister slave, while Julia cleans me and gives me another erection. When you're done, ride her face."

"Yes, sir," Rhonda said. "With pleasure, sir."

As she ate my cum from Lisa, Julia sucked our cum from my cock, until I was hard again. I plunged into her and Rhonda eventually moved over to ride her face. My intense need over from fucking Lisa, I spent more time and went slower with Julia. Lisa kissed me while she handled my sack. Julia and Rhonda both had several nice orgasms before I released. I closed my eyes, knowing all was right with my world.

When I pulled out of Julia, Rhonda just dropped down in a sixty-nine to clean her, while I played with Lisa, my fingers dancing between her legs as we watched the blonde and black lovers pleasure each other.

"I missed you all so much," I said, running my other hand over Rhonda's fine ass as Julia delved between her legs.

"We were beginning to wonder, Master," Lisa said, arching into my hand as I lightly stroked her clit with the other. "We were all quite distressed."

"I'm sorry. I see now I should have been more forthcoming in what I wished to do."

Julia and Rhonda finally pulled apart, their faces slick. They cuddled with me in a tangle of warm bodies and lovely limbs.

"I admit the last two weeks have had some surprises, Master," Julia said. "Inviting our parents to come last Sunday was dangerously taboo fun. I saw two men having sex for the first time when I wasn't also part of the action..."

"Who?" I asked.

"Regina wanted to reward Ron for apologizing and giving her some amazing sex. She asked if Sean could have sex with Ron. He was being punished and not allowed an orgasm, but Shasta let him suck Ron's cock. We were all a little turned on by it, so Regina asked if Ron could fuck Sean's ass. I had Shasta remove his cock cage as I knew what stimulation of the prostate might do and Rhonda agreed to suck Sean's cock if it looked like he might cum so he wouldn't cum all over the floor."

"What were you and Lisa doing?" I asked.

"Pleasuring Shasta and Sarah while their slaves fucked," Lisa said.

"It sounds as if Shasta is really opening up to sex?" I said. "I didn't think she would ever allow a woman to pleasure her. Plus she's now sucking cock and letting herself be fucked in the ass."

"And enjoying it, Master," Julia said. "I suggested she ask for William's help in having a double penetration. It would be more like him granting her another favor and not like she was repaying him for his generosity."

I laughed, picturing it. I could see William accepting such an offer.

"Master. Not only has Shasta accepted a woman's pleasuring, she sucked her slave's cum out of Sarah," Julia said.

I stared at her. "She did not!" I exclaimed.

"Not only did she lick Sarah's cunt, she licked mine to orgasm to see what one tasted like without male cum in it," Lisa said. "Sarah kind of dared her into both. Said she'd never know if she liked it or not until she tried it. Of course, she said we weren't to expect it to be a regular thing, for her to lick slave cunts. It was our duty to lick hers."

"She's becoming a full Dominant, Master," Julia said. "She's ordering us around regularly now. We've put her in charge of production. And Sean was a web designer. He's going to start creating our web page."

"A lot happened while I was gone," I said.

"You would have learned more if you'd been talking to us instead of having us send pictures of us fucking."

"Can't deny you didn't enjoy it, slaves?"

"Never would deny it, sir. I've always told you I would enjoy sex with anyone you allowed me to have sex with. I'm an admitted slut," Julia said, kissing me.

******

 

--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 54|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-54|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<em>His slaves finally reassured Scott hasn't lost his mind or abandoned his property, they can relax and enjoy themselves. Sam, Marcia and Chantelle are able to spend a wonderful evening with Julia and Lisa, even adding other parties. This chapter contains oral sex, anal sex, lesbian sex, interracial sex, and multiple partner sex, including double and triple penetration. Like previous chapters, STD's are non-existent in this fantasy.</em>

<strong>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 54 - An Evening with Sam &amp; Others</strong>

JULIA

Finally, Master was treating us like his slaves again. I'd begun getting concerned about his behavior. I understood the reasons for it, but as Lisa pointed out, it was never really a decision we could make any other way than the way it was. Nor did I mind him being willing to share us again. I saw a lot more double and triple penetrations in my future and looked forward to the next one.

Since Master was Master again, we were able to spend the rest of the day with him. When we had lunch, Master bent me over the table and fucked me in front of everyone, then instead of having one of the other slaves clean me, he cleaned me himself while Lisa took care of him. Evelyn looked very happy, almost as if she was responsible. After the supper dishes were cleared, he fucked Lisa, cleaning her after like he had me. Then he sent us all to the shower to clean up before giving us to Sam and his slaves.

When we returned to the pool after our shower, he attached our leashes to our collars, then he led us to Sam, Marcia and Chantelle.

"Sam, once upon a time, you purchased two of my slaves when I made a poor decision, but you didn't use them that night as you had every right to, even though the auction was rigged. I was thankful then, because I hadn't come to the realization I've reached now. I want my slaves to enjoy sex with other men. There's no reason for them not to. I'd like to give those same two to you and your slaves for the night, to use however you want. I would like them to be well fucked. They are well trained and can satisfy both men and women equally. I want you to be the last man to use them before our ceremony. I have only one request in return."

"What's that?" Sam asked, puzzled but with a smile on his face.

I wondered if Master would ask for Sam's slaves at some time in return.

"That you return them fresh from the shower and with their asses cleansed by nine AM."

"I can easily promise that. Are you keeping the other one for yourself?"

"Yes. Mostly, she works to satisfy her Domina. Tonight she works to satisfy me."

"I'm sure these two will be more than enough to keep us three satisfied."

Master handed the leashes to Lisa and myself to Sam, then led Rhonda off to the bedroom.

Sam tugged down on our leashes, forcing us to our hands and knees. "Why don't you start by pleasuring my slaves. Julia, on Marcia, Lisa on Chantelle. Give them one orgasm, switch and give them another. Keep doing so until I tell you to stop."

"Yes, Master," we said, going to our assigned tasks. His slaves parted their legs for us, properly wet as slaves should be, both of them cumming within three minutes. We switched and I was licking Chantelle. They were each reaching for their fourth orgasms when I felt Sam push into my cunt.

"Master, may I please cum tonight?" I asked, already close.

"You have my permission to cum as much as you both need to," he replied.

Six more strokes of his cock and I was cumming, maintaining my concentration on Chantelle. When she had her orgasm, Sam pulled out of me and I switched again, Sam staying where he was and entering Lisa when she started on Chantelle.

Marcia was caressing my face as I pleasured her. "Your Master is very generous sharing his two beautiful slaves with others. So different from when we first met."

I couldn't speak, my tongue currently buried deep in her sheathe lapping at her liquid honey. Yes, he was becoming more generous with his slaves, though for the first time, I knew he meant for us to be shared with others and he was coming to terms that we were his and always would be. He could afford to be generous because there were three of us who loved him and even if he shared us, we would find a way for him to receive pleasure in return. Marcia spasmed again and after cleaning her pussy, I moved back to Chantelle who'd cum as well.

Sam still hadn't cum, so he pushed into me again, fucking slow and deep. Chantelle's soft, delicious folds in my mouth, Sam's hard cock in my cunt, heaven, knowing Master was still my Master and all was right in my world. I climaxed, then climaxed again before Chantelle orgasmed on my trained tongue and I had to switch again.

Marcia saying, "When Master cums, I want to lick his sperm from whichever cunt he leaves it in." Me nodding in agreement. I hoped it was me, that he'd last long enough to reach me again. Tasting Marcia's cum again as she shivered through another climax, a slave slut like me. Switching, feeling Sam thrust deep, going faster now, getting close to his release. Cheating a little, trying not to give Chantelle another orgasm until I felt his prick pulse in my pussy, locked to my loins, flooding me with cream, cumming with him. I quickly brought her off, now Sam had cum.

Marcia lying on the ground, ordering me over her in a sixty-nine, lapping her Master's seed from my pussy, squeezing more out each time she made me cum. Lisa was doing the same with Chantelle.

"Enough," Sam ordered. "It's time for bed."

By bed, he didn't mean to sleep, he only meant get comfortable. He had an Alaskan king like we did. We got on the bed and he got in a sixty-nine with Lisa, licking her to two orgasms, while she got him hard again. While they did that, Chantelle, Marcia and I were in a daisy chain, with me licking Marcia and Chantelle licking me, getting the rest of her Master's cum out of me.

Upon giving Lisa her second one, he said, "If I'm going to spend the night with two new women, I have to taste them. Every woman has a unique taste. Julia, you're next. I don't want to cum again yet. If I have to satisfy four women tonight, I have to pace myself."

"The four women can satisfy each other, Master Sam," Lisa said, "and are always happy to do so."

He laughed, "But if I have four cunts to sample. I want to do side by side comparisons, not to mention four lovely asses to sink my prick into."

"If you can fuck four cunts and four asses to orgasm in one night, Master Sam, you'll never see your women stray," I said. "You'd be giving me nine to eleven orgasms in one fucking."

"Who said anything about eight orgasms. I'm thinking three to four more tonight max, maybe a couple more tomorrow morning. I might just line you all up and go hole to hole. Every woman is different. Taste, texture, tightness, wetness. I love when a woman cums on my cock. The ways she contracts and shivers when she cums. It's an exquisite sensation."

Marcia said, "Quit talking and start fucking, I want to feel something in my cunt soon besides a tongue."

Sam laughed and Lisa moved into the daisy chain with the other two and I settled over Sam's face while sucking his hard cock again. I kept him hard enough to start fucking, while he gave me two climaxes. Sam was a good cunt licker, better than Master. Almost as good as Monique. When I commented on it, he laughed and said, with all the lesbians he competed with in keeping his slaves satisfied, he'd had to up his cunt licking game.

Then he did as he said he would, lining us all up ass to ass.

"Marcia," Sam said, "you still have the most beautiful ass I've ever seen, but damn, you've got some stiff competition. You four women are going to be the death of me tonight."

Marcia was on the right side and he pushed into her first, thrust twenty times, three orgasms for her. Moved to Lisa, next to Marcia, twenty deep thrusts in her aroused pussy, giving her two. He'd left me on the edge when licking me, so when he gave me my twenty, I orgasmed as he thrust inside me, then had two more before he ended. Chantelle got two as well. I felt fortunate to be keeping up with the mighty Marcia. Maybe the hood piercing and new jewelry were helping.

"Damn fine cunts, ladies. Prime slave material, all of you. Don't move, I'll be right back."

He gave his cock a short rest while he got a wet towel. When he came back, he started on Chantelle first. Five quick thrusts into her cunt, moved up to her tight star and eased himself in to her back door for fifteen more thrusts. Chantelle climaxed two more times, once from her cunt fucking, the second as he fucked her ass. He used the towel to wipe himself off. I was next.

Five strokes in my pussy, giving me another orgasm, moving up to my bottom, where I got one more. Clit jewelry not helping much there.

"Christ, your ass is tight, Julia," Sam said, as I beamed. "Nearly climaxed myself. I assume Scott fucks your ass, right?"

"Yes, Master. I've been working like a dog to take off my baby weight and get back to fucking form for the ceremony. Plus, our furniture business is in the basement so I've climbed a lot of stairs taking care of Lucas. Every little bit helps."

"If I don't want to pop my rocks too early, I've got to take a quick breather before attempting Lisa. Give me a couple minutes."

"No rush," Lisa said. "I like the anticipation of something so big going up my Hershey highway."

All four of us broke out in laughter. Sam wiped himself off on the towel after a couple minutes, allowing his cock to visibly shrink a bit before lubricating it in Lisa's cunt. She'd also had a chance to cool down some, so she didn't cum when he used her pussy, but climaxed twice while he used her ass.

"Damn, you're tight too," Sam exclaimed.

She raised a hand and said, "Workout partner, same steps, sir."

Sam smacked Marcia's ass, a love tap as he moved down to her. He wiped himself once more. He slammed into Marcia's pussy twice and she climaxed. Three more times to saturate his dick, shifted to her bum and wasn't much more gentle thrusting into her starred sphincter than he'd been fucking her cunt.

"I'm going to keep going until I cum, little slave," he told her. "Try to cum with me."

"Yes, Master," Marcia moaned. "Try giving me a little warning."

Marcia climaxed after ten thrusts, again after twenty. Sam started warning her around twenty-eight he wasn't lasting much longer.

"Three or four more strokes, sir, and I'll be cumming with you."

Sam grunted after two and I could see his prick pulse with his release, but he kept fucking through it and Marcia joined him right after. As soon as she started cumming, Sam froze and let her contractions milk the last of the milk from his balls.

"You look very much in sync, Master Sam. I can see how well you mesh together as a couple," I said.

"Would you like me to clean your ass, Marcia?" Lisa said.

Marcia looked at her. "You'd do that?"

Lisa smiled and said, "Happy to. You look relatively clean. It will only be an exterior job. I'm not quite ready to go drilling for oil."

Marcia laughed and wiggled her bottom. Lisa licked the cum dripping from her bottom, which was rapidly closing after Sam's onslaught. Lisa also cleaned up around Marcia's pussy, giving her another orgasm in the process. Marcia truly was a cum queen.

"How long has it been since you two have been triple penetrated?" I asked Chantelle and Marcia.

"My Caribbean cruise if you're talking three cocks," Marcia said. "If you throw in a dildo, maybe around Christmas."

"Jamais trois, Julia," Chantelle said. "Noel pour deux. Three never, two, around Christmas, like Marcia. There are not often three cocks on the Estate and Monsieur is reluctant to share with men."

"There are three men here now, and many more coming to the festivities tomorrow."

"Are you volunteering your husband, Julia?" Sam smiled.

"He is a good lover, Master, and your slaves would probably enjoy it, but you should choose their partner. There will be two male slaves here. Our three fathers, Master's poker group. Two of them are twins with the thickest cocks I've ever seen, a handsome black man, a nice Chinese American, and at least two other men, though one of them is essentially impotent. Master and our fathers, with the relationship to Brianna and Lucia, are likely to be frequent visitors. This may be a problem for you if you don't want to have any or much future contact with anyone chosen for such an honor as sex with your slaves. Choosing from men other than Master makes it more likely you wouldn't see them again. Someone else from Fresno might be the better choice for you. One of the male slaves is from Portland, Oregon. If he were chosen, you would probably never see him again."

"That's a very interesting view. And the second cock in your scenario?"

"I assumed it would be Master Thornhill as he has already shared your slaves. He should present no difficulties to you."

"Let's say I might be interested in this." Marcia and Chantelle looked at one another. Sam noticed. "And I'm not saying I am yet. How would I pick out the third gentleman in question?"

"You could speak to each of them and see which one you would like best to be your partner in this enterprise. You could let your slaves choose who they might like. If you wanted to leave it completely to chance, you could draw lots between the men you're willing to consider. I merely throw out the possibility posed by the festivities tomorrow. However, the question I just posed was more to say that Lisa and I possess strapless vibrators. For the slave, the best grouping is with the vibrators next to each other in your groin and the real cock in your mouth so you can taste the cum when your Master orgasms. My Master enjoys being in one of our holes with the vibrator going next to his cock, but sucking on plastic is distasteful compared to a real prick. It usually turns into a double penetration instead of a triple. Master loves it though."

"Do you have one of those strapless vibrators with you?" Sam asked.

I smiled. "A slave should always be prepared for what a Master wants. Of course we do. In our room."

"Would you get one for us?"

"Yes, Master Sam. Pleased to."

I gave a slight curtsy and made my way to our room. Master was in bed with Rhonda, spooning from the rear, fucking her cunt from behind, stroking her sensitive nipples. My lesbian slut slave was moaning. They looked up in surprise.

"Pardon, Master. I came to pick up some toys. How are you doing?"

"I'm doing well, and hopefully, from the sounds she's making, your slave isn't missing you too much."

"She's a sex slave, being fucked. She cannot help herself." I bent over the bed and kissed her. "I'm glad you're enjoying our Master." I kissed Master as well, stroking his inner thigh up to his sack, lightly squeezing the nuggets inside. "Save some energy for tomorrow sir. I expect to be well fucked at our bonding ceremony."

"I'm quite certain you'll be well fucked, slave."

"Promises, promises, sir." I released his balls.

I got two of the strapless vibrators plus chargers. "Carry on." Actually, they'd barely stopped at all.

Returning to Sam's room, I was very pleasantly surprised to find William and Evelyn in the room. My eyebrows raised in query.

"Wouldn't want anyone to have to suck plastic," Sam said in explanation, "and I certainly wanted to try the vibrator buzzing next door."

"Which one of your slaves would you like to try it on first, Master Sam, and which hole do you prefer for yourself?"

"My wife should be first and I'll take her cunt."

Both Masters were erect. Nice, strong cocks.

"Master Sam, please lie down in the center of the bed. Marcia mount him. Chantelle, would you like to fuck your sister slave's ass?"

"Oui, Julia. Très bonne."

"Let me help you put this on." I inserted it in her moist cunt. "You cling with your Kegel's. The button to turn on the vibrator is right here. Wait until you're inside her before turning it on. You'll enjoy it too. Oh, and you should use a little lube to help you get inside her."

"Si'l vous plaît. The bedside table drawer."

Lisa got some lube and handed it to me. I smeared some over the vibrator and dribbled a little over Marcia's puckered star, waiting for her fucking. Chantelle climbed onto the bed and slowly pushed through the ring of her partner.

"Master, please give me permission to cum. I'm going to cum quickly," Marcia moaned.

"Cum," Sam said, and before Chantelle was fully seated in her bottom, she spasmed into the first orgasm. Chantelle finally buried all of it in Marcia's bum. She turned on the vibrator and Marcia climaxed again, or perhaps still, continuing and increasing.

"The only thing she's missing, Master Bill, is a cock to plug the slave's mouth," I said.

William climbed on the bed and Marcia devoured his cock. From then on, it was a pretty regular diet of orgasms for Marcia. She couldn't speak for the prick in her mouth, but the litany of moans and squeals and squeaks as she climaxed were many and varied.

"Master," Evelyn asked. "May I try this too."

"Of course, if the batteries last long enough."

"I brought the chargers," I replied. "They can recover as quickly as you will, Master Bill."

He laughed, driving into Marcia's mouth. She easily took every inch of him, no matter she was cumming constantly.

"Evelyn, if you like, Lisa can fuck you with the other one," I said.

"Please. Master, may your slave cum?" Evelyn asked.

"Yes, you may cum, slave, as much as you like for the rest of the night."

"Thank you, Master."

Lisa donned the other strapless and bent Evelyn over the side of the bed. After penetrating her pussy, Lisa turned it on and Evelyn jumped.

"Oh, my! That feels very nice," she moaned.

Before long, she was joining Marcia in cumming, as were Lisa and Chantelle, the operators. Since I had nothing better to do and knew how responsive Marcia was to verbal suggestion, I began pinching her nipples.

"Do you like being airtight, slave; a cock in every hole?" I asked. "What if your Master lets you have three live cocks filling your slut holes tomorrow? What if you were fucked in front of everyone who was there for our ceremony, most of them strangers to you? Everyone watching you, seeing you for the slave slut you are instead of a deputy sheriff."

I kept up the quiet commentary, whispering lewd suggestions to her as she was fucked. Marcia's moans became more frantic, her orgasms speeding up.

Finally, I said, "What if one of the people fucking you is a stranger, someone you've never met. The first time you meet him is when he shoves his cock in your mouth?"

Her back arched and she screamed as she was hit with an intense orgasm. Her nipples were throbbing under my fingers and Sam groaned and joined her, his cum spilling from her cunt, he pumped so much in. As soon as her contractions started dying, William grabbed her hair and held himself just inside her mouth as he spewed out his cream. Marcia gobbled up every drop, swallowing rapidly. His orgasm over, I told Chantelle to turn off the vibrator and Marcia collapsed against her Master's chest.

She was breathing hard, huge gulps of air. "Holy fuck," she panted. "That was wonderful. Your commentary kept me quite engaged, Julia."

"Monsieur, I would like this for myself," Chantelle said, pulling out of Marcia's bottom.

"I'll need a moment to rest," Sam replied. "That was quite draining. I think with you, I'd like the vibrator in your cunt while I fuck your ass; see what that's like."

"Whatever you want, Monsieur."

Lisa stopped fucking Evelyn, pulling out of her now her Master was done. She was panting as well. The strapless was quite effective in giving sluts such as ourselves orgasms.

"Chantelle," William said, "perhaps you could open a bottle of 2003 Latour Bordeaux I have in my room and give everyone a small glass while we rest?"
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"Your $3,000 dollar bottle of wine, Monsieur William?"

"Yes, please."

"Oui, Monsieur." Chantelle left to do as requested.

"Master Bill," I asked, "what's the difference between a $3000 dollar Bordeaux and a $100 Bordeaux?"

"You mean besides the price?" Bill replied. "The actual quality may not be thirty times better, but it's usually better and the other factors affecting price include age and rarity. A 2003 is actually seventeen years old already, which increases rarity as the vintage is sold and used, but you will probably notice more smoothness than in a $100 Bordeaux's. This particular wine has aromas of blackberry, licorice, currant, and minerals. It is well refined, which gives it a long finish. Rich in color and low acidity, but it is also very sweet and utterly seamless. It feels like liquid velvet to your palate, and leans more toward a sexy type of feel, rather than an intellectual feel. Sliced black truffles, sweet leather, chocolate, and mint, make this wine rich and intense inside your mouth."

"All of that means very little to me. I have no idea what a sexy type feel or intellectual feel of wine on your palate means, or long finish."

"Don't worry about words. If you don't notice a difference in the taste, it makes no difference between the different prices. You should like the taste of this though."

"How does it taste with cum, Master Bill?" Lisa asked.

William laughed. "I don't know. That's the first time anyone has ever asked that question."

"Slaves need to ask it," Lisa said.

Sam's cock had finally slid out of Marcia's cunt and she'd recovered enough from her intense orgasms to clean her Master. I offered to clean her pussy as between her multiple orgasms and Sam's, it was quite messy. He granted his permission and I lapped at their combined fluids through another climax for her. Lisa took the both vibrators and washed them thoroughly, then placed them on the chargers. By the time I was finished, Chantelle had returned with a tray with seven glasses. Two of the glasses contained slightly more wine for the Masters. The remaining five went to the slaves.

I took a sip and it was smooth and delicious. "It tastes quite good with cum," I said, drawing a spate of laughter from everyone.

We chatted about this and that, including the wine, Bill trying to explain the nuances of wine to us. I didn't understand most of it, but it was good, and it didn't really matter.

Refreshed, Sam thought it was time to go again. I asked Evelyn if she wished to be triple penetrated after Chantelle. She looked to her Master for permission like a proper slave. He nodded yes to her unspoken question, so she said yes.

"Why don't you be the bottom this time," I said, "since Sam wants to fuck his slave's ass."

She eagerly agreed. I inserted one of the refreshed vibrators in her pussy and showed her where the on/off button was.

"Don't turn it on until Chantelle mounts it," I said. She nodded.

Chantelle climbed over and slowly sank down the stalk springing from Evelyn's cunt. They kissed. Evelyn reached for and found the button and turned it on. Chantelle moaned. "Va-moi, Monsieur. Fuck mon cul."

"Will you lube me, Julia? My slave wants me to fuck her ass."

I smiled and nodded. As with Marcia, I lubricated Chantelle's bottom and Sam's prick. I parted Chantelle's ass cheeks so Sam could slide into her rectum as the muscular ring surrendered to the pressure he exerted.

"Mon Dieu, exquis!" Chantelle exclaimed when Sam was fully seated in her bottom.

Sam having found his seat, William placed his prick at Chantelle's lips and she opened her mouth to accept him. In no time, she was cumming, gurgling on Bill's dick. Seeing she was adequately taken care of, I offered to fuck Marcia with the other vibrator.

"You haven't had an opportunity to cum yet. Wouldn't you like to be fucked instead?" Marcia asked.

"Master wished us to serve you, Marcia. Besides, I'll cum from my end of the strapless."

"Then let me lick Lisa while you fuck me," she said. I was perfectly happy to let Lisa enjoy pleasure so I readily agreed.

Lisa lay down beside Evelyn and parted her legs for Marcia. Marcia knelt between her legs and when she began licking Lisa, I pushed into her puffy slave pussy and turned on the vibrations. Soon, all but the men were cumming. They were working up to it.

"You have the most beautiful clamshell cunt, Marcia," I said. "Your clit peeks out and your inner lips are barely visible when you're aroused. You have such a lovely, prominent mound. And you taste so good. I think I could lick your pussy for hours."

Marcia's mouth was busy but she moaned and wiggled her bottom in appreciation for my words.

Plunging into her cunt, staring at her perfect bottom, I was reminded again how lovely she was. If anyone had a more perfectly beautiful bum, I didn't know who it was. She rivaled the great asses of Hollywood. Master would love fucking this slave from behind.

"Your ass is perfect too. I don't believe I've ever met a more gorgeous woman. I would easily call you a perfect ten."

Sam said, "Marcia has a hard time appreciating herself. It seems she only sees the flaws when she looks in a mirror."

"What flaws?" I asked.

"Exactly," Sam laughed. William joined in.

Since I was gazing at her lovely cheeks, I decided to play with the flawlessness. I began running a finger up and down the crease. Her pucker had returned to normal; a tight, brown, starred bullseye winking at me every time she climaxed. The lube lying beside me on the bed still, I dripped a couple drops on the rosebud. Every time she orgasmed, I slid a long slim finger inside her excellent posterior to extend her pleasure. She mewled in Lisa's pussy.

Chantelle was cumming almost as much as Marcia had in similar circumstances. Despite her surrendering to her orgasms on a regular basis, she managed to keep sucking Bill's cock. Since Evelyn was below Chantelle, she had a close up of her husband's cock disappearing in Chantelle's mouth, back and forth. Once again, Sam was the first man to cum. The tight confines of Chantelle's ass along with the vibrations going on right beside it being too much to hold out long. He stopped briefly as his cum filled his slave's ass, then continued fucking as long as he could maintain an erection until Bill groaned and released in Chantelle's mouth. Since everyone else was stopping, I stopped as well.

"Kiss me," Evelyn said to Chantelle, still breathing hard from her sexual exertions.

Chantelle leaned down and kissed Evelyn, letting her taste her husband's cum.

"Thank you," Evelyn said. "You're so kind to me after I was so horrible to you."

"How were you horrible to Chantelle?" I asked.

"Simple prejudice," Evelyn said. "I thought blacks were less intelligent, less clean, more criminal than whites. Lack of knowing any personally, primarily, living in a white bubble. Chantelle's family invited everyone on the cruise to come to their house in Guadeloupe for a big homecoming dinner. I thought of Chantelle as nothing more than a servant, her family as living in a shack, utterly beneath me. I refused to go. I was horrid and beastly. It's when I was still a nasty bitch before I began my slavery. Now, I feel only shame for my behavior. Chantelle has been far more gracious to me than I deserved."

Chantelle kissed her again. "The important thing is you've learned, Evelyn. You're no longer that person. I'm honored to be your friend now."

Everyone was disengaging, disentangling. I got a warm, wet, washcloth to clean Sam's cock. Marcia said the wine they had wasn't $3000 a bottle, but she'd crack one for the next rest period. She collected the goblets and left for the kitchen. She returned in ten minutes with the glasses refilled.

"I didn't keep track of who was using which glass," Marcia said, "but considering we're all fucking one another, does it really make any difference?"

"Not to me," I said, laughing, "my primary concern would be whether this wine tastes as good with cum as the last one."

The rest of them joined me. I spent a little more time learning about Chantelle's family in the Caribbean and whether they knew about her relationship with Sam and Marcia.

"They know I live with Monsieur and Marcia, but they don't know I'm in a subservient relationship to him," Chantelle said.

"She has a very stern father and several brothers," Sam said. "I'm unsure if I want them to know I spank or whip their daughter/sister. Might not come out well for me."

"Cindy knew we all lived together, but didn't know about our slavery or even her parents playing at BDSM until she came for Christmas," Lisa said. "I suppose we all have something we'd prefer everyone didn't know."

"Isn't it amazing what those things can be," Evelyn said. "When I was a bitchy, nasty, prejudiced, cheating wife, I didn't particularly care who knew. I only superficially acted like I didn't want Master to find out. I didn't think I was being that obvious, but I know now I was. I acted out those things every day, indifferent to my behavior. Everyone knew me and knew about my behavior. Now, I'm a more loving, balanced, kinder person and I worry who might know I'm a sex slave. Our parents still don't know. Master has been kind enough to keep it from them."

"I suppose all of our closest friends know about us now," I said. "Everyone coming tomorrow knows. In fact, I suspect Master is going to let all or as many who want to, fuck us tomorrow."

"You're kidding!" Sam exclaimed. "Scott? Why would you think that? Has he said something?"

Lisa looked surprised as well.

"He hasn't specifically said so, but it's been hinted at, sir," I said. "Everyone who's coming except for two people has fucked us in the last two weeks, including all of you. He told Lisa he was ready to have children with her and she said she'd come off birth control immediately, but Master told her to wait. He said we should expect to be well fucked this weekend."

"Aren't your parents coming tomorrow?" Marcia asked. "Are they the two who haven't fucked you?"

"They are coming, Marcia, but they aren't. Last Sunday, Lisa and I were both airtight with our parents. Only one slave hole is prohibited to our fathers. He says he wants to loosen our restrictions given we're so open to him with other women slaves. I think he's serious in trying to overcome his angst regarding us and other men."

"Scott, the one who nearly went ballistic when he thought I'd purchased you two for the night?" Sam said. "That Scott?"

Lisa said, "God! I think you're right. I never put it together before."

"No, it can't be," Sam said. "He was so adamantly opposed to other men fucking you. He almost gave up two delicious slaves when he thought he'd have to keep sharing you."

"Yet, here we are, Master Sam, getting fucked by the two of you. Six months ago, it would never have happened, I agree. We've been wondering what's come over him lately, and I think there's a reason he's had us fucking everyone we know. He said it's a question of love and giving us freedom, which I think is the basis for it, but every time we fucked someone else, he wanted photos and videos taken and sent to him, and I think it was to prepare himself for seeing lots of people fuck us."

"She may be right," William said. "He said he wanted to offer them their freedom when he approached me about having sex with his slaves."

"But everyone? Running a damn train on his wife and paramour? It seems impossible."

"As I said, I don't know, but it's the way my speculation is running," I replied.

"How would you feel about it if he did?" Sam asked.

"I'd be okay with it. I love sex. It's no one I haven't fucked before. I supposed I'd want to stop if I got sore. What do you think, Lisa?"

"I imagine Master would have some limit on it so it wouldn't be indefinite. With that many people, the first one who fucked you would be ready again before the last one finished. It might never end."

"I can't imagine getting fucked by that many people one after the other," Marcia said. "It's nearly incomprehensible."

"That's why I don't see Scott turning his slaves out like that."

We did talk to them about Memorial Day, didn't we? How could he not think Master might do this?

"Are you gentlemen ready to fuck Evelyn now?" I asked. "I'm sure she'd like to enjoy the same thing Marcia and Chantelle did. William would you like to fuck your wife's ass or cunt?"

"I'd like her cunt," Bill said, stroking her cheek.

"Who's doing her ass then?" Marcia asked.

"Any woman. Since you're friends, it could be you."

"What about you or Lisa?"

"We're here to serve you. We can pleasure one another or play with Chantelle."

Marcia smiled. "Fucking Evelyn's ass does have a certain appeal. She was extremely bitchy to me at one time."

"William, you'll need to lie down and let Evelyn mount you."

He got on the bed, his cock only half hard.

"Evelyn, may I get your husband hard enough for you to fuck?" I asked.

She smiled. "Help yourself."

I enfolded his cock in my mouth and cupped his sack and in a couple minutes he was hard enough. Since Sam was going to be sucked by Evelyn, he didn't need any help. She'd get him plenty hard by herself. Evelyn settled herself over William's prick, sighing when he bottomed out in her pussy.

"I love you, Master," she said, settling over his prick and leaning down to kiss him. Of course, leaning down opened her bottom up. I spread some lube over her sphincter and stretched her bottom. Smeared more on the vibrator and as I watched, Marcia pushed through the star with Evelyn grunting to feel both of the thick phalli taking over her nether regions. Marcia turned on the vibrator and Evelyn climaxed, gasping in pleasure. She was stretched tight, filled to bursting. It was about to get worse; Sam fed her his cock, already almost full sized. From now on, her moans would be smothered by his large sausage. Lisa had begun fucking Chantelle with the other strapless. Chantelle was enjoying it.

Since Evelyn expressed a prior prejudice towards black people and Marcia responded so well to my verbal suggestions, I decided to play around inside her head as well.

"One of the men coming tomorrow is a very handsome black man. You might have seen him working on your new house. He's Master's business partner, Jerry, a Master who possesses a slim white slave he's about to marry next month. His cock is even larger than Sam's, at least in length. But his best feature are his big juicy balls, bursting with his creamy sperm. When he cums, he fills you up. I have a hard time swallowing it all."

Evelyn started to respond, cumming more frequently, moaning deep in her throat where Sam's cock couldn't reach.

"Just think, Evelyn, if your Master allowed it, he could slide his big black dick into your pretty white cunt, fuck you hard, and fill you with his cum until it ran down your legs. Or better yet, slide the purple black head between your pouty pink lips and down your throat where you could choke on his hardness."

The sounds Evelyn was making now were quite urgent, signifying a spate of orgasms, one after the other. I could see spasm after spasm convulse her pussy, clinging to her Master's cock. Lisa and Chantelle had stopped to watch. It was quite incredible.

"Perhaps in return for your rudeness to Chantelle's family, your Master should turn you over to her father and brothers to fuck all day. How many brothers do you have, Chantelle?"

"Five," Chantelle answered.

"Five men and her father, six black cocks for you to satisfy in return for your rudeness to her family. Would it be adequate recompense for your unwarranted prejudice?"

Evelyn gave one long, low, deep growl, her body shuddering with the most intense of orgasms, which appeared to go on for a few minutes, then she collapsed against her Master, unconscious, her mouth coming off Sam's cock. Everybody froze.

"Dear heart," Bill said, shaking her. "Evelyn?" Shaking harder.

"Get some ice water, Chantelle," Marcia ordered, "and some ammonia from under the sink."

She pulled out of Evelyn's ass. Evelyn's bottom still quivered from orgasmic aftershocks.

"Oui, Marcia." Chantelle off like a shot.

Shit, what had I done? Chantelle returned with a glass of ice water and a bottle of ammonia. Marcia pulled the strapless out of her cunt, set the glass down, and opened the top of the ammonia. She waved it under Evelyn's nose, Bill's nostrils flaring at the scent. His prick was shrinking and retreating from her pussy. Evelyn started to stir. Marcia recapped the bottle, pulled an ice cube from the glass and started rubbing it on Evelyn's forehead. She stirred some more, opening her eyes.

"Hello," Evelyn said, "why's everyone staring at me?"

"You passed out, dear," William said, stroking her face. "What happened?"

"The most intense orgasm of my life," Evelyn said. "First, it was like one after the other, then, they seemed to get closer and closer together until it became one on top of another, continually building on the last."

"Do you need to go to the doctor? How do you feel now?" Marcia asked.

"I feel wonderful. My cunt is still frizzing," Evelyn replied dreamily.

"Was it the triple penetration?" Bill asked.

Evelyn blushed. "That and something more, sir."

"What?" He asked.

"Julia talking about black cocks fucking me," she admitted. "As much as I would like to think I've overcome my racial bias, the thought of all those black cocks fucking me set me off. I know it's still a byproduct of racial stereotypes, but I'm thinking of ten and eleven inch pricks filling me."

Chantelle laughed. "I can assure you most black men are not all that large. You'd be lucky finding one outside of porn movies to be so large. Though I've never seen my brothers' or father's erect cocks; flaccid, they seemed quite ordinary to me. My boyfriends were much the same size as Sam."

"What made you think Evelyn would respond to talk of black cocks?" William asked.

"She admitted to racial prejudice regarding Chantelle and her family. Racial prejudices are often based upon ignorant stereotypes. Large black dicks is a common one. When combined with the thought of fucking such cocks, I thought Evelyn would react to the imagery," I replied. "One does not overcome most prejudice too easily. Because Evelyn recognizes Chantelle as a kindred soul now, didn't mean she wouldn't still have some racial imagery lurking in her mind. I thought I might play with it."

William shook his head. "Unbelievable. Are you sure you're fine, Evelyn?"

"I feel great, Master. A little sleepy and worn out, but fine."

"Would you like to fuck a black cock, Evelyn?" Bill asked. "Would you like to have your curiosity satisfied."

"Only if Master desires it," she replied, a good slave.

"Let me think about it, slave. I think we'll head to bed now."

"You weren't able to cum yet, Master Bill," Lisa said. "One of us could take care of it for you."

"I think my own slave can satisfy me," he said.

He helped Evelyn up off the bed and they went back to their room.

"Master Sam," I said, "how about you? I'm sure you'd like to cum."

"I would, as a matter of fact. How about if Marcia and Chantelle fuck you and you suck me off?"

"I will happily do so, Master Sam, but if it's permissible; I'd appreciate if my sister slave could be the one to enjoy a triple penetration?" I kissed her.

"Fine by me," Sam said.

Since we were starting over, I washed both vibrators. Marcia chose to take the bottom this time, so Chantelle took Lisa's ass. Once again, I spread lubricant where Lisa might need it and watched as both of them penetrated her and turned them on. Lisa climaxed immediately, my dear slut. Sam''s limp cock went into her mouth and Lisa quickly brought him to an erection, which my sister slave had no problem handling.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
As I had nothing better to do, I got between Sam's legs and played with his nut sack as he pumped into Lisa's mouth. I licked it, sucked on his balls one at a time, then attempting to take both at once. It was difficult as they were quite large. One at a time was better. I also licked over his taint and towards his anus, prodding gently at the ring, though not enough to penetrate him. Sam enjoyed my attentions, groaning appropriately when I did something he liked, thrusting more vigorously as he approached his crest. Lisa was moaning too, her whimpers smothered by his prick. Able to tell when he was going to cum by the movement of his ovoid eggs, I caressed Lisa's face and suckled one of his testes.

"Ah, fuck!" Sam sighed as he sprayed his sperm down Lisa's throat, not even letting her taste he was so deep.

As his contractions eased, he finally pulled out so she could suck the rest from his cock. When he pulled out of her, I pulled her head down for another kiss and she dribbled some of his cum into my mouth for me to enjoy.

"I think that's it for me tonight," Sam said. "If I've got a single drop of cum left in my body, I suspect it's hiding somewhere so it doesn't get wasted in Lisa's mouth."

Lisa laughed, then moaned, cumming again. Chantelle and Marcia kept fucking her until they each orgasmed once more, eventually pulling out.

"That was pretty amazing," Marcia said. "That's one of the better nights of fucking I've ever enjoyed."

"Oui, mon cherie," Chantelle said. "I agree."

"Slaves need cleaning," Lisa said. "Let Julia and I take care of it for you."

They did, being quite messy after all the times they'd cum this evening. We licked them clean, me on Chantelle, giving them each one more orgasm in the bargain. After, I cleaned Lisa, licking around both holes since she'd been stuffed full. I was relatively clean, and Lisa took no time in cleaning me. Chantelle had cleaned both of the vibrators and put them on their chargers. We went to bed after, Sam spooning Marcia and Lisa and I cuddled with Chantelle. I was looking forward to tomorrow when I would bond with my Master and sister slaves.

******

SCOTT

I took Rhonda back to our room. She sucked me to hardness and I fucked her long and hard in the missionary position, driving deep into her cunt. I was happy I'd finally told them what I was doing. Everyone seemed calmer and more at ease now. Even Rhonda was more relaxed now she was aware of my strange behavior.

After climaxing, I turned around and we took care of maintenance needs. She kept sucking long after sanitation itself was necessary. I grew hard in her mouth and thought about letting her finish me off, but doing so wouldn't let her cum again unless I kept licking her, so decided use her warm, slick pussy again. While we spooned, I entered her from behind and played with her large sensitive nipples. There was no rush on this fucking, the immediate needs taken care of for both of us, so it was a slow back and forth, three or four inches of cock sliding through Rhonda's liquid honey.

We were interrupted by Julia, coming for the strapless vibrators.

"Pardon, Master. I came to pick up some toys. How are you doing?"

"I'm doing well, and hopefully, from the sounds she's making, your slave isn't missing you too much," I replied.

"She's a sex slave, being fucked. She cannot help herself." Julia bent over the bed and kissed her. "I'm glad you're enjoying our Master." She kissed me, stroking my inner thigh from knee to my balls, palming my nuts. "Save some energy for tomorrow sir. I expect to be well fucked at our bonding ceremony."

"I'm quite certain you'll be well fucked, slave." I intended they spend a good deal of the day fucking, and not just with me.

"Promises, promises, sir," Julia said, releasing my sack.

It was a promise. I believed I was finally ready to share my wonderful slaves. They deserved nothing but the very best I could give them. Just as I had before Julia's slavery first began, I'd been mentally preparing myself to let them enjoy every aspect of their subservience. A few people were in on the plan, or at least aspects of it. I'd made some equipment which needed to be stored here until tomorrow, so Brianna knew parts of it. Zoe had prepared new documents for my slaves. Essentially, they were much the same with a few modifications. I also had new collars and cuffs for my slaves, and new jewelry.

Julia left with the vibrators. I was good for another ten minutes of slow thrusting before I had to speed up and empty myself into Rhonda with a sigh of pleasure. We cleaned each other off once more. I managed to give Rhonda another orgasm before I stopped. We continued lying like this awhile, mouth to groin.

"I'm sorry for screwing it up again."

"You've fixed it, so don't worry about it, sir," Rhonda replied. "I wasn't much bothered, but I was concerned for Domina. She was upset. She didn't know what was going on. She thought you didn't want her anymore and it's why you kept pushing her onto others."

"I will never not want her," I said, "nor not want Lisa or you, for that matter. I know you're in it for Julia, but I appreciate how happy you make her and for helping me to keep her happy."

"You're welcome, Master." She kissed the end of my cock. "I actually like you more than you think I do. The fact you make her happy is rewarding to me."

She turned around and we kissed.

"I'm going to be making changes," I warned her.

"What kinds of changes, sir?"

"Nothing too drastic, but I'm going to loosen up on the Master chains. I realize I've been fearful of letting loose, with no reason. Julia demonstrates every day how loving she is, towards you, Lisa, me. Essentially, she's the most loving person I know. She gives of herself without reservation. I've been a miser in comparison. She lets you have sex with anyone you wish. She's not worried you'll leave her for another Mistress. I want to treat her the same way she treats you."

"I think she'll appreciate it as long as she's confident you love and cherish her. She's happy as long as you're happy with her."

"Exactly why I want to let her free to enjoy herself more, without concern for me. I know she will do anything for me. She has done anything for me."

She kissed me. "She has."

It was comfortable sleeping with only her, her body curled up in front of me.

******

Rhonda sucked me to an orgasm in the morning, well trained by her Domina. We went to breakfast and Chantelle was working, already making preparations for the large influx of visitors. Sam, Marcia and my two slaves weren't at breakfast yet.

"Did you have a good time with my slaves last night, Chantelle?" I asked.

"A wonderful time, Monsieur Scott. You are very fortunate to have such beautiful, accomplished slaves."

"I feel the same way."

Since neither of my other slaves was there, I fed Rhonda while she sat on my lap, giving her the first couple of what I hoped would be many more orgasms today. William and Sam eventually came in around eight leading my two slaves in on their leashes. Their slaves followed. I wondered if they'd shared my slaves last night. They were in the same house.

They handed the leashes to me. "Showered, fresh, asses freshly cleansed, by nine as I promised," Sam said.

"Were they appropriately servile or should they be punished?" I asked.

"I think it's safe to say it was one of the best nights we've had in awhile. Evelyn passed out she orgasmed so hard," Sam said. "They certainly don't deserve to be punished. May I ask you a question, Scott?"

"Of course."

"Do you intend to let all the men present fuck your slaves?"

"Who spilled the beans?" I said. "It's supposed to be a secret."

Lisa and Julia looked at one another, not dismayed in the slightest, like they knew ahead of time.

"No one," Sam said, "Julia thought it was a possibility. I thought she was crazy when she suggested it. I couldn't believe you'd run a train on your slaves? I'm still not sure if I believe it. It's a far cry from what you've demonstrated before."

"I agree. It is. I hope to be a different person than I was before. They've never given me any reason to doubt their love and devotion to me and I feel it should be rewarded."

"But a train? That's drastic."

"It's a momentous occasion, deserving of a special event. All they have to do is say the word and it stops."

"I don't believe you're going to do it," Sam said.

I suddenly had an idea of how I could get even with Sam for letting me think he bought my slaves for the night.

"Would you wager Marcia on it, Sam?" I asked.

"Wager how?" Sam asked.

"Master," Marcia warned. "I don't feel you should treat me as a piece of meat to be bartered. Be careful. I'm warning you."

"Let's hear the terms of the wager first," Sam reassured her. "It might be nothing."

"Not nothing, Scott," I said. "If I offer my slaves to everyone here as I expect to, you offer Marcia for the same, but with a time limit on it. Say ninety minutes, or so. How many different people could fuck her in ninety minutes, Scott? Six, eight, ten? If you're right and I don't offer them up, Lisa and Julia will come one weekend and you have full use of their slave services for two days."

"Master," Marcia warned. "Don't you do it. If you do, I'll be as pissed or more pissed at you as I was when you fell in love with Chantelle."

"Of course," I said. "Marcia would need to be in complete agreement with such a wager before I'd accept it. She would have to beg to be fucked by everyone here. She would have to wear something up until the end of the ceremony where she could decline to be used, or beg to be used."

My slaves looked at each other again. They knew what I was doing. I was going to put Marcia in a Slave Trainer. We'd see how strong she was compared to other slaves who wore them.

"Marcia, do you anticipate begging people to fuck you?" Scott asked.

"No, but what would I have to wear?" Marcia asked.

"Julia, you know what I want, bring both of them."

"Yes, Master." She got up and went to our room to get the Slave Trainers.

It didn't take long for her to return. I showed it to Marcia and Sam.

"Is this like a vibrator?" Marcia asked, eyeing the device, noting the phallic insert.

"Yes, it turns itself off and on. When the batteries die, we'd have to stick the new one on. Between the two of them, it should last about five hours, but we'll be done before then. If you accept the bet, you can't interfere in its use at all, by say, masturbating or something. Leave it alone to do its work."

"Do you think it's like the We/Vibe you use on me, Master?"

"It looks like it." Sam was suspicious. "Turn it on for a minute."

I turned it on. It vibrated, just as it should. The problem wasn't the vibrations, it was when the vibrations stopped.

He didn't see anything wrong with it. No electric shocks or anything to get concerned about except he thought his slave would cum. She wouldn't.

"I'm inclined to accept the wager," Sam said. "We certainly enjoyed his slaves last night. A whole weekend would be great. What do you think?"

"I'm suspicious," Marcia said.

"I'm suspicious too, but you're holding it. You've felt it vibrate. Is there any reason why I shouldn't accept this bet. I just don't think he's going to run a train on his slaves. It doesn't fit his profile."

Marcia handled the thing some more. It was still vibrating. The conditions hadn't been met for it to turn off. She was probably thinking it wouldn't be any worse than any other vibrator she'd ever tried. She was wrong.

"What do you think Bill?" Sam asked.

"As much as it would be fun for you to have these two slaves for the weekend, it seems greedy for no good purpose with a great risk to you and Marcia, but it's between Marcia and you."

I decided to increase the wager. "Two weekends with my slaves within a month's time," I said, laughing. "Four days of sex with my two women, plus your two, provided yours still want to have sex with you."

Sam still had doubts. "Only sixty minutes with Marcia against two weekends," Sam said, "and I'll do it."

"Marcia?" I said. "You have to agree."

"I don't trust you as far as I can throw you, Master Scott," Marcia said. "God knows I had a great time with your slaves last night. They're so creatively amusing. But I can't find anything wrong with the bet, so if my Master wants to make it, I won't object."

"Look at the bright side, Marcia," I said. "If you lose, you're going to be really well fucked for an hour. We need to get this on you. I can have Julia help place it on you."

"You don't want to do it yourself, Scott?" Marcia said, smiling.

"Hey, I'd love to, but if your husband loses this bet, I'm already going to be in his doghouse. I figure I could use a few brownie points by not fondling you now."

Sam laughed. "Look at my erection." It was an erection to make a man proud. "I'm thinking of spending four more days with your slaves. It's not every day I get to fuck other women."

"Good luck on your bet, Sam," I said. "Julia, help Marcia put this on."

Julia put the slave trainer on Marcia and I turned it on. She jumped, startled.

"Oh! Well, that's not so bad, is it," she said. "When does this thing come off?"

"The easiest way is if I don't subject my slaves to a train. The second way is if you beg to be fucked. The last way is if you last until the train is over. It's not the end I'm expecting."

"Okay."

"Excellent. Kneel slaves, so I can feed you."

They both knelt down and I picked out some food for them. More than they were used to eating for breakfast but they'd be used hard today so I wanted them well fed. Brianna and Cindy came in while they were eating. Cindy was resplendent. She was undergoing a bonding with her Mistress today as well, more permanent than the brief ceremony held before she moved to California. Hers was going to be held before mine at my request. The ceremonies would be starting around ten. The buses with the guests would be arriving around 9:30 or so. Buffet tables were being placed outside by the pool, some for hot food, some for cold. Beer, wine and soft drinks would be served with the meal, plus we were going to toast the slaves with champagne when the ceremony was over.

When they finished eating, I stroked them to a couple of orgasms.

"Did you have a good time last night, slaves?" I asked.

"Absolutely, Master. We always have a good time where sex is involved."

"Were Sam and his slaves the only ones you had sex with?"

"No, Master," Julia replied. "Master Bill and Evelyn were there for some of it. They came so Marcia, Chantelle and Evelyn could all be triple penetrated with a real cock in their mouths, and a vibrator in the remaining hole so the Master could feel it beside his cock. Evelyn fainted when she orgasmed. Are you really going to make Marcia take part in our train?"

"What do you think?"

"I think we should be cautious with our friends, Master."

"I'll be cautious, but I do want him to sweat it out as I had to do when I foolishly auctioned you off. How do you feel about today, now you know what's going to happen?"

"It's not anyone we haven't fucked before, sir," Lisa said. "But I wouldn't want it to go on indefinitely."

"It won't. There will be a time limit. Is it okay if I put blindfolds on you? I don't necessarily want you to know who and how many people are lined up to fuck you. I'm sure you will be able to guess some, but not all of them."

They looked at one another. "No," Julia answered, "a blindfold is fine. You aren't going to make Rhonda go through it with us are you?"

"Only for women and me. I won't violate her agreement with you."

Rhonda got a relaxed look on her face. She'd been worried for a time.

Marcia chose that moment to come up to us.

"Is there something wrong with this device, Master Scott? Every time I think I'm going to have an orgasm, it shuts off."

"Do you want to tell her, Julia?"

"It's not malfunctioning, Marcia. It's called a Slave Trainer. Its designed function is to bring a slave to the cusp of orgasm, then shut itself off when it detects one is going to start. You can't have a climax in one unless you bring one on yourself, which is prohibited."

Marcia got this horrified expression on her face. "Fuck, no!" Marcia exclaimed.

"I'm afraid so," I said. "But I'll let you have an orgasm as soon as you beg to be fucked."

"You're an asshole, sir," Marcia said, "and this device was invented by an evil genius who hates women."

"I seem to recall you and your Master letting me think Sam would be fucking them all night long. I suspect we're going to double or triple the number of men who've fucked you since you've been married. From the stories I've heard, it's three isn't it? Bill and your police partner in addition to your Master. Depending on how recently they've cum, three to eight people maybe in an hour. Of course, I expect the men to line up on you. Your spectacular ass will be huge draw to everyone I know." She moaned. "All you have to do is hold out, Marcia. It's all you have to do to avoid being another fuck toy. Julia had to wear one for 24 hours. "

"How the fuck did you last twenty-four hours wearing one of these?"

"I had no choice. I was being punished."

"For what?"

"Trying to steal another Dominant's slaves for myself on a temporary but regular basis when they weren't around their Dominant. Imagine someone trying to take you from Sam, how mad he'd be. She was quite angry. I was caned in addition. I sympathize with your plight now. I do. For a slave, it's the worst punishment we undergo."

Marcia was panting, looking as if she was going to cum. Nipples taut pegs, upper chest and neck flushed, stomach tightening. Her fluids were starting to drip down her legs. Too bad.

"Fuck! It shut off again. It's diabolical."

I squeezed two of my slaves against me, kissing each one. "Yes, it is."

Marcia went off to join her Master and Chantelle, holding a whispered conversation. Sam glanced my way during their talk and Chantelle hugged Marcia, so I suppose they'd just learned what Marcia was up against.

******

I'd made a lot of preparations for today. Zoe and Brianna had been in on a lot of it. Things had been built, items purchased. The first bus had arrived at her gate and we went out to greet our guests. Brianna and Monique were with us. The bus driver had big eyes when he saw everyone standing there. Shasta and Sarah were the first two people off the bus, followed by their slaves. Seeing everyone greeting the bus was naked, Shasta ordered Sean to strip as soon as he got off the bus. He wore his cock cage. Sarah delayed for a moment, then ordered Ron to do the same. He was uncaged.

Mom and Dad got off the bus next and Mom stripped immediately when she stepped down. I hugged both my parents, whispering quietly to Dad there might be a slight change of plans and I'd explain later. The first bus had my friends essentially, the ones who'd been picked up at Chen's, including most of the poker group.

The second bus was the one who'd picked up the people at the mall, who's driver was as goggle eyed as the first. It included Lisa's and Julia's parents, Mistress Dark and slaves, Sharon and Phil, Gwen and Sherman and Wendy, Rhonda's sister. My workers except for the slaves and Shasta were also on the second bus. Jerry was in his own car behind the second bus with Reneé. Mistress Dark told Rose and Slut to strip down as soon as they stepped off the bus, seeing the lay of the land and liking what she saw.

As soon as the busses disgorged, Brianna asked for and received everyone's attention.

"Hello everyone. My name is Brianna and welcome to my home. This is my wife, Monique. As it is my home, we expect to behave as we normally do, which means complete nudity. Scott assured me you were all informed of this previously and knew what to expect. Generally speaking, slaves and submissive's are required to go naked. Those of you who aren't submissive may dress as you like. The determining factor is if you're wearing a collar. If a Dominant doesn't want their submissive to be treated as a slave, they can remove their collar for the duration of their stay. My slaves will help you in any way you need help except for sex. They are off limits to others except as I direct. My slaves will be wearing red ribbons to differentiate them. You can ask them to bring you refreshments, towels, directions, a place to store your clothes, or similar.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"I expect a certain amount of decorum since this is my home. Decorum does not include no fucking. Public sex is likely to occur in front of you. Scott said you were warned of that as well. Decorum does include no drunken, rowdy behavior, touching or harming of my property, including slaves, or pressing your unwanted attentions on others. Several people here have been raped and we don't tolerate forced sex under any circumstances. There are a couple police officers here who will make arrests, if you aren't hurt first. Several of the women have taken self defense and will protect themselves and others. What I want is for everyone to have a good, SAFE time. Dominant's are responsible for their slaves as well as themselves including what sex they're allowed to participate in. Everyone else is responsible for themselves.

"We have a wide assortment of food and beverages available today, served throughout the day. If you have a hard time holding your liquor or controlling yourself under its effects, please choose other beverages to partake of. Monique will lead you to the pool area where we will be holding the ceremonies starting around ten. We have lockers set up for those who wish to store their clothing. Other than the rules as I've described, welcome. I'll take a few moments later to greet you individually later."

The rest of the slaves quickly shed their clothes before everyone followed Monique to the pool. Brianna greeted my parents and Chen, both of whom she'd met before. Father and Chen offered to introduce her to the others they knew. One of the bus drivers got off the bus to speak to me, his eyes wandering from one naked person to another. He was a youngish, fairly good looking Hispanic, about 5-8.

"We're supposed to be back here at nine tonight to pick everyone up again, right?"

"Do you have anywhere else you have to be?" I asked.

"No, we were just heading back to the motel to watch some tube."

The other driver was a middle-aged black fellow, solidly built. He was standing at his door listening to our conversation. What were another couple men, I thought.

"If you don't have anything you need to do and company policy doesn't prohibit it, why don't you stay. I'd prefer you don't drink any alcohol since we're entrusting so many lives to your care, and I expect you to behave as a good ambassador for your company. If you think you can act properly as guests, I don't have a problem with it."

The two men looked at each other for the moment, deciding what they should do. The black fellow nodded his head first and the Hispanic guy turned to me and said, "Gracias, seńor."

"My name is Scott, and these are my submissives, Julia, Lisa and Rhonda," I said, introducing my slaves.

"My name is Rodrigo," he said, pointing to his name tag on his livery uniform, "and that hombre is Lester." He pointed to his co-worker who nodded his head in greeting.

"Why don't you come with me and join the others around the pool. My slaves have to get ready for the upcoming ceremony."

******

 

--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 55|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-55|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<i>Scott and his slaves have their bonding ceremony. It's a rough time for the slaves, but not unexpected. Marcia succumbs to the Slave Trainer, but Scott takes pity on her and Sam. This chapter contains group sex, multiple partner sex, including double penetration, lesbian sex, oral sex, and anal sex. STD's don't exist in this fantasy fiction. </i>

<b>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 55 - The Bonding Ceremony</b>

JULIA

I suppose I wasn't surprised when Master invited the two bus drivers to join us. I assumed it meant they'd be fucking us too, so I looked them over. The smaller of the two, Rodrigo, was just over my height and wiry, though he looked strong enough to manhandle bags of luggage from the bus. The other fellow, Lester, looked to be in his late forties. He had a bald patch and some white and gray hairs mixed in with the black. He didn't appear to have a waist, as wide in the stomach as his hips, but it widened to a solid looking chest. He looked a little overweight, but not overly so. 

We went to our room and put on the clothes we'd purchased with Sandy's help. My dress was a translucent green with a scooped neckline which actually went under my breasts, covering nothing. The skirt portion went to my ankles, but was slit to the waist over both of my legs, with a six inch wide piece of fabric over my sex. If I stood still, I was adequately covered down below, but as soon as I started walking, it was clear I was naked beneath it. My legs moving through the slits exposing my bare cunt as the center panel swirled with my stride. Only the underwear which weren't, went on below the dresses. The faux pearls running through our slits, teasing our clits, and no impediment to anything which would go into our cunts. Between it and my hood piercing, my pussy was sloshing.

Lisa's dress was red, with transparent panels interspersed with opaque running on a diagonal cut throughout the dress, but where most dresses use the opaque panels to cover you strategically, the transparent panels instead exposed every asset you possessed. It was the opaque which covered nothing worthwhile. The back was scooped and open half way down her bottom, leaving it bare. Rhonda had a white beaded Demi cup brassiere which was open in front exposing her big, long sensitive nipples. Her bottom was a sheer, white, micro miniskirt barely extending to the bottom of her slit and crack, leaving her less than covered even if it wasn't sheer. Essentially, she was naked, with a bit of fabric covering nothing. We looked sexy as hell though, which was the effect we sought.

We had on our best slave jewelry including metal collars and cuffs. It was quite an entrance we made when Zoe escorted us to the pool. We stood next to Cindy and Sandy, both of whom were going through their own bonding ceremonies today. I looked around and most of the people had chosen to go naked. Sharon and Phil still had clothes on, as did Gwen and Sherman, Wendy, and the two bus drivers. Everyone else was naked, including Shasta and Sarah. Brianna's slaves with the exception of Lucia were intermingled with the guests, carrying trays of drinks and hors d'oeuvres for everyone. They had red ribbons wrapped around their collars so everyone knew they could be approached for help. The naked men were all showing signs of arousal, though I didn't yet see an erect cock among them. Lucia was sitting near her Mistress. The nature of her pregnancy and the difficulty she'd had getting pregnant leading her to be prescribed lots of rest.

There was a raised platform which had been set up, about two feet above the ground, so everyone would have a good view of the proceedings. It had an arm extended over the top which reminded me of a gallows. Chains dangled down from it instead of ropes. A good place to display slaves. I shivered.

At ten, Brianna went to the platform and called for everyone's attention again. The chatter died down quickly and she called Cindy to the stage.

"This is Cindy Rivers, who last January, agreed to submit to me as my sex slave, her slave cunt, ass and mouth owned by me, subject to my whims and desires. It was a loose slavery, a test of her desire to be a slave and mine to be her Mistress. I find her to be a lovely slave who I wish to make a permanent part of my harem. This is the last time I will ask it of you. Do you still wish to remain my slave?"

"Yes, Mistress. I wish to remain your slave."

"Mr. and Mrs. Rivers," she said addressing Master's parents, "we don't often have parents here for our ceremonies. Do you agree your daughter is of an age and of sound mind where she may willingly submit to me in servitude."

"Her parents agree Cindy can submit to you as she desires," Dan said, speaking for both. "She is obviously a slave, who requires a strong Dominant to control her. She chooses a Mistress as her Dominant."

Brianna smiled at them. "Cindy, your old paperwork is now null and void." She took Cindy's old slave agreement and handed it to Zoe who put it in a shredder. "This is your new agreement. As we've previously discussed, in order to break your submission in the future, you must give me written notice and it requires either my permission, or a waiting period of three months if I don't wish to grant you permission. For that three months, you can expect to be used as my slave. You've also agreed to have your clitoral hood pierced. We'll be doing the piercing here in front of everyone. Have you any questions?"

"No, Mistress."

"Please sign the paperwork and kneel."

Cindy signed her new slave agreement and Brianna signed it and Zoe notarized it. Brianna gave her a new collar, with a locking mechanism. Everyone could hear the click as it locked. Cindy was happily crying, knowing she was a slave.

"Kiss my feet, then lick my cunt, slave."

"Yes, Mistress." Cindy bent low over her Mistress's feet and kissed them, then knelt up to lick Brianna's cunt. Brianna had her keep licking until she orgasmed, drenching Cindy's face in her fluids. Most of the men had erections now. Without wiping her face clean, Monique and Adele fastened Cindy in an X and they tightened everything until she had no slack and couldn't move. 

Monique had a tray containing everything she needed to do Cindy's piercing. My own clit began throbbing in concert with the Cindy's preparations. I was always aroused now, the piercing bad enough, but the balls Master had attached to it kept me continuously stimulated. The only time I wasn't conscious of it was when I was sleeping. Zoe gave Cindy two orgasms by licking her needy slave cunt before Monique sanitized her pussy and used the padded forceps to grip her clit. She held it out of the hood with one hand while Adele pinched the hood and ran the curved needle through it. There was quick gasp from Cindy as the needle pierced her. Then Adele dropped the needle in the tray and a curved ring was inserted in the hole. Monique released her clit and it slowly receded, rubbing against the metal ring.

"This slave is off limits for three days to allow her piercing to heal," Monique announced. "No one is to have sex with her until Tuesday at noon. Of course, she's still available to pleasure others at my direction."

Monique held a mirror to Cindy's crotch so she could inspect her new slave jewelry, finally releasing her. Brianna took a seat in front of the stage and called her new slave to pleasure her again.

The next one to get on the platform was Master Dan. He called Sandra up on the platform with him and she knelt at his feet as a slave should, open and exposed.

"This slave has been my wife for over thirty-five years. The best thing I ever did in my life was making her my wife. The second best thing was making her my slave. She did so part-time for a number of years as it was something I attempted to keep from my children. Fat lot of good it did, keeping it from them, as I have a Dominant son with three slaves of his own and a submissive daughter. But they reached this point on their own without any encouragement from me, so that's good. Since I no longer had to hide it from anyone, she recently agreed to be my full time slave, and I have to say the last five months are as good as any five months of our marriage. We're like newlywed's again, fucking constantly.

"I wasn't always the best husband I could have been, but she forgave me for any pain I caused her, more pain than she deserved and more forgiveness than I deserved. I hope I've made it up to her a hundredfold. I always tried to be the best Master I could be, and hopefully, that's been good enough for her to agree to bond here with me today.

"Sandra, do you agree to be my sex slave from this day forth, to submit your will to mine, to obey me in all things, to be the sexy slut I love and cherish, to be my most treasured possession, until death takes one or both of us."

"I do, Master, with all my heart, body and soul."

"For no earthly reason why I can think of, I believe you. You make a man mighty damn happy, slave. Give me your right hand."

She held out her right hand and Master Dan slipped a ring over her right ring finger. I was too far away to see what it was, but it didn't glitter, so I couldn't tell if it had a stone.

"You may suck my cock now, slave," Dan said, and smiling widely, Sandy did as he asked in front of everyone present. 

Sucked every inch of his manly cock, his balls, bobbing back and forth on his root until her Master grunted and flooded her mouth with his cum.

"Because I love this slave so much and know how much she craves sex, I'm offering her slave services to anyone who wishes to partake of her holes from now until three this afternoon. She'll be wandering around among the our gathered company and if you wish to use her, be my guest."

"Do you mind if I go first, Dan?" Brianna asked. "Since I've enjoyed the daughter, I'd like to see how the mother stacks up."

"Not at all," Dan laughed. "You should get some kind or reward for throwing this little shindig."

Sandy went over to Brianna and took her daughter's place in pleasing Brianna's pussy. It wasn't long before Edward found her unoccupied cunt and pushed into it, taking care not to disturb Sandra's concentration on Brianna. Sandy was moaning in no time.

It was my turn next. I got up on the platform and called my slave to join me. She knelt at my feet.

"Rhonda, it was unfortunate circumstances which brought you into my life, but as bad as those circumstances were, I found the reward of finding you to be worth every bit of it. I never thought I might end up with my own slave as a result of it. I can't begin to tell you and everyone else here how glad I am you responded to our call. Wendy, would you do me a great favor and join us on the platform?"

Wendy pointed to herself with wide eyes, suddenly afraid she was going to be in the spotlight. She shook her head no and stepped back a couple paces, suddenly conscious everyone was looking at her.

"Please, Wendy," I said. "You were the only one of your family who chose to come today and I know it meant a good deal to your sister for you to be here. I know you're uncomfortable being here and I promise not to embarrass you too much."

She was still shaking her head when Shasta spoke a few words to her. She looked at her sister as Shasta spoke and eventually moved in our direction, though looking like she could jack rabbit at any moment. 

She came up the steps and stopped about three feet away. 

"I met Rhonda when she responded to my rapist shooting up my house. She was calm, collected; a rock in the middle of chaos. She was initially attracted to our friend, Lucia, not yet aware of her submissive qualities. When she learned she might be submissive, she chose me from all of the people she might have chosen, despite my being both wife and slave to my own Master and knowing she would have to submit to him as she did to me.

"Rhonda comes from a fairly large family," I said, "and they disapprove of Rhonda's lifestyle, both that she's a lesbian and a submissive. I won't fault them for their beliefs. We're all raised to believe in some things, however right or wrong those things might seem to others. For a long time, many people believed in racial slavery, in the inequality of the races, or the sexes, or whatever else it's possible to believe in. Rhonda became a police officer, something not always appreciated by others, even of her own race given the Black Lives Matter movement in the past few years. Being black and a police officer is difficult. Being a woman in a male dominated organization is difficult. Being a lesbian in our politically divided society is difficult. Admitting to being a submissive and being subservient to a woman, and a white woman on top of it is difficult. Being all those things despite the opposition of your family is extremely difficult.

"Going into dangerous situations every day she works as all of those things, willing to give her life to others despite all the hatred and prejudice she faces, makes Rhonda a heroine and I am so lucky, so grateful, to know her and love her and accept her submission. I consider her my friend, my lover, and as important to me as anyone else in my life.

"Wendy, what your sister is doing here today is what we call a bonding ceremony. It has as much weight to us as marriage does. If I could marry her, I would, but I'm already married and bigamy is a crime. This is the only way I have to show her how much she means to me and everyone else in my family. As such, it's of great ceremonial importance to us. I want Rhonda to know how much I care for her and as your family's only representative to these proceedings, I'd like you to give her away, almost like the father of the bride. Would you be willing to do so for us. I know it would mean a great deal to Rhonda."

She looked at her sister, kneeling on the platform at my feet. Rhonda was crying, in joy, I hoped.

She nodded and said, "I'll give her away."

"Thank you," I said. "Thank you for coming and thank you for participating. Rhonda, please stand and display."

She leaped to her feet and displayed for me, her Domina. I removed what few clothes she had, baring her body to the audience. I handed the clothes to Wendy, as well as a ring box which I told her to give to me when I asked for it. I hooked a leash to her collar and handed the end to Wendy. She looked a little startled to be holding a leash with her naked sister at the end of it. 

"Please kneel, slave," I said and Rhonda got on her knees once more.

Then I knelt down facing her. "Rhonda, we'll both be kneeling to my Master shortly and while I'm your Domina, I'm also your sister slave. I want to make my vow to you while I'm kneeling. As much as you kneel to me in submission, I kneel to you for your courage, your love and your perseverance in the face of all you confront every day. Could I please have the ring."

Wendy handed me the diamond ring in the box. I took the ring and her left hand.

"Rhonda. I love, cherish and respect you as I do few others. You are as dear to me as my Master and husband. I'm honored by your subservience. I offer you this ring as a symbol of the love I hold for you. I promise to be your lover, your friend and agree to be so as long as we both shall live. Your family will be my family, your burdens my burdens, your pain my pain, your pleasure my pleasure. My children will be your children. Your children will be mine from this day forward. Please accept this small token for the love I bear you."

"I do, Domina. Thank you."

I put the ring on her finger and kissed her. I began to stroke her cunt, and soon she was stroking mine in return. As two horny needy slaves, it didn't take long for either one of us to cum, moaning in each other's arms. When the tremors of our orgasms ended, I stood again. 

"Wendy, are you ready to give away your sister as my slave, lover, friend, and family?"

"I am."

"Pass me her leash, please."

Wendy handed me the leash handle.

"Slave, I promise to love and cherish you above all other possessions. I promise to show you tenderness, pleasure and pain in due measure. I promise to share my bed and my Master with you and with my sister slave, Lisa. Do you agree to submit to me as your Domina and to my Master as your Master?"

"Yes, Domina."

"Do you agree to submit to my will before your own, to obey me in all things, unless my Master countermand me, within the bounds of your slave agreement?"

"Yes, Domina."

"Then I accept your slavery. Please kiss my feet and lick my cunt."

Rhonda did as she was told and I tenderly stroked her cheek and head as her facile tongue dipped in every nook and cranny of my cunt. I soon had a second orgasm on her tongue, stopping her when she was done, then pulling her to her feet and tasting myself on her lips. I thanked Wendy for her help and told her she could leave the stage now. 

She left the platform, Zoe helping her off. "Master, we're ready for you," I said, holding my slave around her waist.

He got on the platform with us, bringing Lisa with him. 

"Give me your collars," Master said, holding out his hand. 

We took them off, wondering what he was doing. We'd already told him we didn't plan on changing Masters. He handed them to Zoe and told her to take care of them. Zoe put them in a cloth bag.

"Slaves, I want you to masturbate for your audience. Show them what hot, needy slaves you are. Two orgasms apiece. I've got another matter to take care of. Marcia's Slave Trainer is about to die."

While the three of us masturbated standing up for our many guests, Master got the other Slave Trainer and approached Marcia. He told her the battery was dying and she needed to swap out the old one for a freshly charged one. I couldn't hear what they said, but it was clear Marcia was disgusted her misery wasn't ending yet. Chantelle helped her to remove the old one and put the new one on. From what I could see from where I was, the phallus part was thick with her creamy discharge, lacking only cum to make it a complete mess. Her legs had two rivulets on it going down past her knees. Chantelle licked it up since she was down there anyway. Poor Marcia. She had to be absolutely miserable by now. Master took the dying one and putting it on the charger again. He returned to the stage.

"I told her we might have to do it longer. The ceremony was taking longer than I thought it would. She was ready to scream." He chuckled. We'd both cum twice already. It didn't take slaves long to cum. "Zoe, please shred their old slave agreements," Master said.

We looked at each other as the paper shredder turned them into mulch.

Master then took our cuffs and fastened them to the chains above our heads and our feet parted by spreader bars much as Cindy's had been though our arms weren't spread out. 

"If I may have everyone's attention. These slaves are going to be offering themselves into bondage shortly and although they assure me I'm still their first choice, there's no reason you can't all come up and inspect the merchandise. Perhaps you can convince them you're a better choice for a Dominant than I am. I admit I've made a lot of mistakes doing this. Hopefully, I've learned from my errors and I'll be the better Master for it. Or, just feel them up a little. My slaves love it when they cum."

For the next thirty minutes or so, we were poked, prodded, stroked, caressed, fingered and fondled in just about any way you could be. Rob even examined our teeth as a joke, announcing it didn't look like we needed dental care. Of course, he also felt my cunt first, thrusting two thick fingers in me, making me cum, before using the same fingers to pry my lips open. Master didn't ignore us though, bringing a plate of food and bottle of water to feed and hydrate us while everyone else made us squirm. Even the bus drivers were invited up to check us out. Rodrigo was a master manipulator and had me cumming on his fingers in seconds.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
Master shooed all the bystanders off the platform and addressed us. 

"I don't know if any of these people managed to turn you to the dark side or not, but before you make a decision as to who your Master or Mistress is going to be, I need to make you aware of some changes if you consent to remain my slaves. Zoe has drawn up some new slave agreements. It's essentially the same document as before, but with some important changes made which I'll outline now. I'll be replacing your collars and some of your jewelry. It will remain on you at all times, whether you go to the beach or the store or the gym. It will stay on as a visible symbol of your slavery. I want everyone to know at all times you're mine. It will have a biometric lock on it keyed to my fingerprint and I'm the only one who can remove it unless it's cut off."

I thought about it. I had no problem proclaiming my slavery to anyone anymore. I was a slave and proud of it. Some people might be shocked by it, but it wasn't illegal as long as it was voluntary and you couldn't be more voluntary than I was. If some people got bent out of shape by my slavery, it wasn't skin off my hide. I doubted Lisa would have anymore of a problem than I did. Rhonda might have issues. Master addressed them next.

"Rhonda, you're a special circumstance. Your Mistress will be able to remove your slavery symbols for your work. However, I expect you to wear them whenever you're not working."

"Yes, Master," she said.

"You no longer have to make me cum before you can have orgasms. In that regard, you're like my other slaves. Unless you're being punished, you can cum whenever they're allowed to cum."

"Thank you, Master."

"Lisa, I want you to have a clitoral hood piercing like Julia. You'll have it done tomorrow before we leave here. I wish to fuck you tonight and don't want to wait three days. It's made Julia exceptionally horny and I see no reason for you not to be as aroused as she is."

"Yes, Master. I will obey." She bowed her head.

"I'd like Rhonda to have one as well, but I know her job might make it difficult. I won't insist upon it, but leave it to her discretion."

"Thank you, Master," Rhonda replied.

"Rather than having you shave to keep off your pubic hair, I'm paying for laser hair removal for all of you. This means you will never again have pubic hair, at my will. I choose for you to have naked cunts always."

I much preferred licking a bare cunt. Not every worrying about getting hair in your mouth was preferable to me and they'd told me the same thing. Since the other slaves and I spent so much time pleasuring one another, it would be easier for us this way. He was doing us a favor by making it permanent.

"Yes, Master," we all replied.

"I'm loosening my reins somewhat. Expect that you'll be fucking more men than you were before. I see no reason you can't enjoy your slavery as much as I enjoy it."

"Yes, Master." This affected Lisa and I primarily. Rhonda only fucked women except for Master and never had restrictions on the women she fucked. Master was increasing the number of men we could have sex with, though it would always be up to him when and who we fucked.

"I know I've had some issues as your Master leading to confusion and unease on your part. I'll try to do better than I have, but to make sure I am, I want to make this ritual annual, though not necessarily in this public setting. On May 16 of each year, I'll remove your collars. We'll discuss anything which we need to discuss and if you still consent to be my slaves, I will re-collar you for another year under the same agreement as we have now. Does anyone have any questions?"

"No, Master." The three of us as one again.

"Lisa, do you want to sign the new agreement and remain my slave?"

"Yes, Master."

"Sign it, read it if you need to, then kneel to be collared."

Lisa went over to the new agreement, scrawled her signature without reading it and knelt down. Master signed it and it was notarized by Zoe. Master took a new collar out of a bag, checked it for her name and put it around her neck. It locked with a solid click and she was once again his slave. He pushed a button and the collar lighted up, reading "Lisa, Scott's beloved slave." He had her stand again to attach a new slave badge to her vaginal piercing and it locked like her collar. Pushing a button, it lit up, saying "Sex Slave." He removed her wrist and ankle cuffs, then replaced them with others, like her new collar, with a biometric lock. He then put a plain iron ring on her right ring finger. It looked like a manacle, a plain band with a small ring attached to it like a chain link. He then had her suck his cock, though not to orgasm. If he needed all three of us to give him an oral orgasm, we'd still be up here in an hour. She sucked him for three minutes then he stopped her.

"Rhonda, do you wish to sign the new agreement and remain my slave?"

"Yes, Master."

"Sign, reading it first if you need to, then kneel to be collared."

Rhonda signed it without reading it. I would too. I'd read it when I got the chance to check out the changes, but I trusted my Master. She knelt down and Master put her new collar on. He said to me, "We'll key it to your fingerprint this weekend, so you can remove it for work." He turned it on and it said, "Rhonda, sex slave of Julia and Scott". She stood and received new cuffs, like Lisa, then a new badge hanging from her labial piercing, saying the same thing. He also gave her an iron ring. 

"I'd like you to wear this ring always as my symbol of your slavery. If you can't for work purposes, I'll understand."

"Yes, Master."

"Suck my cock."

"Yes, sir." 

She sucked his cock for three minutes, Master stopping her before she made him climax. I was next. I thought about poor Marcia, wearing the Slave Trainer and the likelihood she would have to surrender given the circumstances under which she operated. 

"Julia, as my wife and mother of one of my children," Master asked. "are you ready to sign the new document and remain my slave?"

I hesitated. "No, Master. I think I'd like to join Sam as his new slave," I said. 

Master had been ready to say 'sign, reading it first if you need to, then kneel.' He was stunned when I said I wanted to be with Sam.

"Uh, what?"

"I'm kidding," I said, smiling. "Of course I'll sign it. If you don't know by now I could ever be anyone's slave other than yours, you'll never understand. Today seems to be a day to play with others expectations." 

I looked pointedly at Marcia, looking desperate by now. Master followed my gaze, seeing her squirming the same as I. He smiled back at me.

"Sign it, read it if you must, then kneel."

I signed it and knelt for my new collar. I heard it click around my neck, having a tiny climax as it did so, feeling myself to be irrevocably Master's. He had me display next added his new cuffs to my wrists and ankles, then a new sigil went onto my labial piercing, proclaiming me his slave. He slipped an iron ring over my right ring finger, a match for the others and a companion to the wedding band on my left. Kneeling again, Master placed his cock on my lips and my mouth opened to take him in. Like the others, I was only allowed to suck him for three minutes, leaving him hard.

He gave Jerry a signal and he and several of the men went and got what looked like a set of multiple stocks from behind some bushes. They brought it to the platform and set it up. It had spaces for four people. Three of them, I knew who they were for, but I was surprised it had a fourth. Had Master planned for another slave to be used by everyone today?

We three were fastened down. Our heads and wrists were securely fastened. Our torsos were supported by a cushioned bench, our knees resting comfortably cushioned, but widely spread and secured. Small tables were placed in front of us, I supposed so we could pleasure any woman who cared to partake of our services. My father, Harold, was fucking Sandy, bent over a lounge chair, having some immediate needs taken care of by her. 

When all three of us were secured, Master fucked all three of us in front of everyone, finally cumming in me. Most of the men I could see in front of me now had rampant erections. I assumed the same was true of those behind me. Master slid the table in front of me backward so I could clean our cum from his prick. 

"Ladies and gentlemen," Master said, "in honor of this occasion, I would like provide my slaves services to anyone who wishes to partake of them. There are only a few rules attendant to their use. The first is that Rhonda may only be used by women. Zoe is putting out an assortment of toys which may be used by the women present. All three slave holes are available to any woman who wants to fuck her. This is in accordance with her slave agreement with my wife. 

"The second rule is they may not be cleaned off at all. If you want to fuck them, you'll be fucking them through whatever cum is already in them. I'd like to see what their cunts and asses look like when you're all finished. The tables are arranged for any woman who wishes their cunts licked by their talented tongues. They will be blindfolded, and I'd like for them not to know who is fucking them at any particular time, so try not to give yourself away when you fuck them.

"The third rule is they may take brief rests to eat or drink or simply recover. They won't be released, so it's possible two holes will still be available while they're eating or drinking, but if they want their cunts and asses to have a rest, they'll be allowed some time to recover. They'll be here for your pleasure until three this afternoon, at which time they'll be allowed to shower and rest before I take them for the rest of the night. You may begin as soon as I place their blindfolds on them."

Zoe was setting up an assortment of toys next to each one of us for the women to use. She handed blindfolds to Master who started to blindfold us, starting with Rhonda and ending with me. The last thing I saw before losing my sight, was Marcia in whispered conference with Chantelle and Sam. She looked and acted desperate. Poor slave. She was going to get fucked. My world went dark and a large cock entered my cunt. 

"May I cum, Master?" I moaned, already on the cusp.

"You may all cum as much as you want, slaves," he said. 

I spasmed almost immediately and heard Lisa moan as someone plunged into one of her holes. I had no way of knowing which hole or who. It could have been her father in her ass for all I knew. The one fucking my cunt didn't seem big enough to be Jerry, Edward or Rob, but could be anyone else. Shortly after, another cock entered my mouth and I began sucking for his seed. 

I climaxed two more times before I felt his prick pulsing in my pussy. Another cock replaced his, but only long enough to wet himself in my sopping sheath, before finding its way through my puckered back door, not yet polluted with spunk. This one was a little larger than the last, though still not maximum sized. The one in my mouth gave it up and warm, salty spunk flooded my tongue. I waited until he finished spending, cleaned him off and he pulled out and I heard someone else moving in front of me. I felt two feet resting on my back and the tangy odor of a cunt in heat. I reached out my tongue and slithered through damp folds, hearing a lovely moan in response.

I could also hear Lisa and Rhonda moaning beside me as they absorbed the same pounding I was. I tried to ignore the cock in my ass as much as possible to concentrate on the pussy I licked, but I still climaxed a couple times before I felt him pulsing in my back door, baptizing the second of my nether holes with semen. I could feel it start to run down my legs. A limp cock pulled out and a stiff one replaced him, sliding into my cunt again. 

The pussy in front of me had climaxed a couple times and it left, only to be replaced by another cock, the one which had just been in my ass from the taste and limpness of it. I cleaned it off.

"You win, Master Scott," Marcia was saying. "I give up. Take this damn thing off me."

Poor Marcia; another victim of the Slave Trainer. 

"Are you sure, Marcia. You do realize you're going to get fucked for the next hour. Have you spoken to your Master about it?" Master asked.

"Yes. We understood the consequences when we made the bet. I can't stand this anymore and he doesn't want me to suffer any longer."

"You still have to beg to be fucked," Master said.

"I'm begging. Please let me be fucked," Marcia said.

"Not me. Beg the people who'll be fucking you."

"Must I?"

I didn't hear Master's response, so perhaps he only nodded to her, but she said, "Fine."

"Your attention, please everyone. This lovely slave has something to say to everyone."

There was a few moments of silence. I felt the cocks in my cunt stop moving and the one in my mouth pull out, now clean.

"I need to cum," Marcia said, her voice tense. "I'm begging everyone here to please fuck me."

There was a collective intake of breath and a few gasps and some clapping and cheering.

Master must have released the override on her Slave Trainer and from the sounds of it, Marcia's orgasm was something special. She'd been in it now through one charge of two and a half hours and into the next. She'd been desperate to cum all right.

"I'll set you up in the remaining spot and I'll start your hour timer."

Marcia was still moaning and unable to answer but I heard them move away. Another pussy found it's way to my mouth and I started licking. 

******

SCOTT

Sean was fucking Julia's ass and Julia's father was fucking Lisa's cunt. Julia was licking Regina's cunt and Lisa sucking her father's cock. Sean pulsed in Julia, grunting happily, out of his cock cage for the moment, being rewarded by Shasta. Adele had helped Lucia to the bench in front of Rhonda, while Mistress Dark had a strap-on inserted deep into Rhonda's cunt, fucking her hard. Regina got up and before anyone else could take her place, Sean moved to Julia's mouth to get his cock cleaned. Dad moved into Julia's cunt. Mom was licking Monique. 

Marcia was talking animatedly to Sam. She seemed to be almost in pain. Sam reluctantly nodded and Marcia walked over to me.

"You win, Master Scott," Marcia was saying. "I give up. Take this damn thing off me."

I smiled at her. "Are you sure, Marcia. You do realize you're going to get fucked for the next hour. Have you spoken to your Master about it?" I asked.

"Yes. We understood the consequences when we made the bet. I can't stand this anymore and he doesn't want me to suffer any longer."

"You still have to beg to be fucked," I said.

"I'm begging. Please let me be fucked," Marcia said.

"Not me. Beg the people who'll be fucking you."

"Must I?"

I raised my eyebrows and smiled at her. 

"Fine!" Marcia exclaimed.

I turned to the crowd and raised my voice to overpower the general crowd noise. "Your attention, please everyone. This lovely slave has something to say to everyone."

The crowd went silent. Marcia had to be the most beautiful woman there by general consensus and everyone wished to hear what she had to say. Marcia cleared her throat, considering what she was going to say. Dad stopped fucking and Sean moved away.

"I need to cum," Marcia said, a tear running down her cheek. "I'm begging everyone here to please fuck me."

Silence as everyone considered what they'd heard, tried to make sense of it, then some clapping and cheering.

I gave Marcia her first orgasm in over three hours of riding the cusp. She nearly went to the ground it was so intense. 

"I'll set you up in the remaining spot and I'll start your hour timer." 

She was still cumming and couldn't answer. I gave her a few more moments for the majority of it to pass, then led her to the remaining slave station. It was originally intended for Mother, but when I told Dad what was happening with Marcia, he'd relinquished her spot and allowed her to be a roving sex toy.

"Zoe, please help me remove this Slave Trainer from Marcia."

"Yes, Master Scott."

Zoe helped Marcia remove the Slave Trainer. From all accounts, Marcia was one of the most orgasmic women we knew, even more so than Julia. Her Slave Trainer was proof. I doubt I'd ever seen one as thick with fluids as hers was, including the climax she'd just had. It was dripping when we pulled it out of her. Zoe helped me fasten Marcia down, me taking her hands and Zoe taking her legs. Men were already jostling in a line forming up behind her. Most of them were erect, including Ed and Rob, first and second in line. Poor lads. Regina was first in line for her mouth. I took a quick glance at Sam. He didn't appear to be too happy. I didn't blame him. It had taken a lot for me to become accustomed to the idea of sharing my slaves. I'd worked hard to overcome my reluctance for two weeks. He'd had about three hours to get used to the idea, maybe less, considering he didn't believe I'd open my slaves to a train.

I gave Marcia a quick peck on the cheek. "Before I start the timer, there's one more thing we need to do. Zoe, find me some lipstick."

Zoe went to Brianna and got a tube from her and brought it back to me. I wrote on Marcia's backside with arrows pointing to her holes. Zoe giggled.

"What's it say, Master Scott?" Marcia asked. "Insert here?"

I laughed. "Good one. Maybe next time. It says 'women only'. I still expect you to be used frequently, but it won't be by any men unless Sam wants to change your rules. I'm not a totally heartless bastard."

"Thank you, Master," Marcia whispered. "My Master was quite distraught. You didn't have to do that."

"Sam didn't have to spare me, either, but he did. Still, I was miserable for the night thinking of him fucking Julia and Lisa. I felt like a couple hours of the same feeling wouldn't hurt him any."

I started the timer and moved away. Edward moved up behind her, read the lipstick lettering and exclaimed, "Scott, what the fuck!"

"Hey, I didn't think her husband would appreciate you two stretching out her nice tight cunt and ass. Sorry, boys."

Ed laughed. "He looks like he can hold his own in the dick department," Edward said.

"But he splits his time between his wife and the lovely woman preparing your food. Keeps them both nice and tight. Julia and Lisa are open for business," I said. "You can always unleash your beastly urges on them."

Ed laughed harder. "You can bet I'll fuck them good."

"Please do. They love your meaty cock."

Zoe started licking Marcia's cunt, still dripping in her juices and the line of men behind Marcia dissipated as word spread she wasn't to be touched by men. Another line of women started forming by her head. Sharon, Shasta and Sarah at the head of the line, a new slave to test the skills of.

Sam came up to me after reading the message I'd written on Marcia's ass.

"Thank you, Scott. I appreciate it."

"You can always change the sign," I said.

"No. I like the message just fine."

Zoe had finished licking and Brianna had on a strapless and started fucking the helpless slave. Sharon was getting licked at the other end.

Sam bent down by Marcia's face, buried in Sharon's liquid box. "Since you couldn't hold out until until three, I'm going to leave you here for as long as Scott's slaves are here. I'm also going to buy one of those Slave Trainer things. It seems quite effective in punishing slaves."

Marcia moaned, whether from cumming or knowing today wasn't the last day she'd wear a Slave Trainer again, I couldn't tell. Maybe both. I laughed.

"Mistress Dark sells them," I said, "including a new, plug-in model that can go until the motor burns out. No recharging. Let me introduce you. It looks like she's finished fucking Rhonda."

Marcia moaned again. I don't think she was cumming. I led Sam over to make introductions.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
******

JULIA

I'd had about an equal share of cocks and cunts for my mouth, but my cunt and ass had been nearly all cocks, save once, when the unmistakable vibrations of a dildo filled my cunt. I wondered if it were Sherman as it was a more vigorous fucking then I expected from a woman. I'd lost track of the number of times I'd cum, even the total number of people who'd fucked me, losing count sometime after twenty. From the sounds of things, Lisa had been as busy as I had. Master had given us both food and water, feeding me through some of my fucking. He kept asking if we were doing okay, being solicitous of us despite unleashing our many horny guests on us. 

I could feel vast amounts of cum running down both of my legs, much of it congealing to a sticky goo. My face was equally crusted in cum, most of it female, though I'd also misplaced a few drops of masculine cum at various and sundry times. I would have thought the unappealing mess of my cunt and ass would have turned some of the men off, but it seemed to have the opposite affect on them. 

Perhaps it was part of their unconscious lizard brain directing their actions, but it seemed as though as soon as one man had deposited his seed in me, another wanted to take his place and force the old sperm out to replace it with its own. I say unconscious, because I was on birth control and there was a minuscule chance I'd get pregnant from the billions of swimmers they were depositing in my pussy, but they were insistent in replacing the old stuff anyway. Out with the old, in with the new.

"Señor Rivers," the bus driver asked "is it intended for Lester and I to partake of the two women as well?"

"Be my guest," Master responded from somewhere in front of me. "Everyone should have the opportunity to sample these two slave girls."

"Lester, it's okay for you to fuck the blonde señora," Rodrigo said, before thrusting his cock in my mouth. I started sucking; a new cock for me.

Master whispered close to my head. "Brace yourself, slave. Lester's got the largest cock I've ever seen, both length and girth," just before a baseball bat entered my cunt.

Shit! It was so big, most of the cum deposited in my cunt for much of the afternoon was pushed out of me. I could feel fresh rivulets running down my legs. I spasmed, gasping. With his massive tool stretching me, rubbing one side of my clit and the piercing the other, I went into a series of orgasms which kept building and building until I felt I would explode. His cock was battering at my cervix, trying to push its way into my womb like child birth in reverse. Finally, the constant pounding opened me up and his cock was finally all the way in me, his balls slapping against me. I did explode, forgetting the cock in my mouth for the one filling my cunt. I stopped sucking, a most egregious sin for a slave. 

"Suck!" Lester ordered, slapping my ass. It took three more stinging blows to my bottom and fifteen seconds at least before I was collected enough to follow his orders and resume sucking Rodrigo's shaft.

Lester was able to fuck me for fifteen or more minutes, and I doubt I ever stopped cumming. When he got close, it seemed he got another inch longer and half inch thicker as he jetted stream after stream of his cream in me. Rodrigo emptied at the same time, pulsing strongly in my throat, his cock buried there so deep I couldn't taste his cum. When Lester pulled out of me, his wide head dragged everything else in my vagina which hadn't spurted as deep out of it, a massive amount of more cum dribbling out of me. He didn't seem to have shrunk at all when he left me. I heard Lisa gasp beside me and realized where his cock was now.

"Christ!" Rob exclaimed. "I'm not sure Julia could even feel me if I tried to fuck her now." A gaping cunt didn't stop him from shoving his cock in my ass.

I nearly panicked, thinking I'd be unable to feel my Master fucking me in the future, then realized I'd had a baby's head and shoulders pass through me before and I'd tightened up plenty to enjoy all the fucking I'd received since Lucas's birth, even from the smaller pricks. I wondered if anyone else would bend over for Lester's cock to feel his massive shaft in them, thinking of Dawn primarily. Dawn would need Brianna's permission. Even Regina was a free agent.

"Do you need a break, Julia?" Master asked. 

"No, Master. I'm a little sore, but I'm still enjoying my fucking."

"Would you like more water or food?"

"More water, please, sir. I've cum so much I'm feeling a little dehydrated."

"Of course."

He offered me a bottle of ice cold water and I drank half of it, I was sure. I pulled off the bottle and said, "Enough."

"She's all yours, Bill," Master said, just before another cock touched my lips and I opened up for it.

The cock was only half hard, and tasted as if it had fucked a woman recently. I assumed it was Evelyn, but it could be others, I suppose. He grew rapidly in my mouth. Of course, confined as I was, I couldn't control my attentions to him, so he pretty much had to fuck my mouth, but he wasn't rough, too much of a gentleman, though I couldn't say the same for Rob in my ass. He was pounding me pretty fair.

"Excuse me, Mister Thornhill," Shasta said, right next to me, "I was wondering if I might ask a favor of you?"

"What do you need, Shasta?"

"Not money," she laughed, "but I've recently started having sex with men again thanks to my slave, but several of my friends, including the little slut sucking your dick, say being triple penetrated is a very enjoyable experience for a woman. I only have the one slave myself, so would need a couple other cocks to complete the experience for me. I was hoping for one of them to be yours."

Good for Shasta, I thought. She was taking my advice.

"Who are you getting for the third cock?" William asked, intrigue in his voice.

"Well, I've thought of Scott for the other one. I know him and he is my friend, but why don't you pick someone you wouldn't be averse to working so closely with."

"Anyone I want?"

"Well, I'd prefer it to be someone I know. I'm still a little shy around strangers, but I know most of the people here to some degree or another."

"I don't mind fucking you with Scott, but I'm used to working with Sam and he and I seem to work well together. Our slaves seem to enjoy it anyway."

"I'm familiar enough with Sam I have no issues with him," Shasta said.

Bill was getting close to finishing, his thrusts deeper now.

"When do you want to do it?" William asked.

"Sometime after this madness has ended," Shasta replied. "Perhaps after supper when everyone has rested sufficiently before the bus takes us back to our motel room?"

"Would you like to spend the night with Evelyn and I?" Bill asked. "We can take our time and perhaps even do it twice if you like it enough the first time. I'll make sure you make it back to the motel before the bus leaves tomorrow."

"Thank you, Mr. Thornhill. I appreciate your offer. Perhaps my slave might help satisfy yours if you'd like?"

"My wife will be busy the first part of this evening. She's never fucked a black or Asian man before, so I've arranged for her to spend some time with Jerry and Chen. She'll join us after they're done with her."

I thought of Jerry's big black cock sliding through Evelyn's lily white lips and orgasmed, just as Bill pulled out halfway and released, so I could savor every drop of his cum flowing over my tongue.

Lisa was squealing beside me and I guessed Lester was filling her cunt with cum just as he filled mine. I thought of Lester filling Evelyn and spasmed again. 

Master was asking Lisa if she needed to rest or required food or water before continuing. Rob was grunting and grinding away as he filled my rectum with his seed.

"What time is it, Master?" Lisa asked.

"Around two-twenty," Master replied.

"I don't need to rest if it's only forty more minutes, Master," she replied.

"Only thirty more for the others. I'll spend the last ten minutes fucking you myself," he said. 

Rhonda answered the same as Lisa did when asked. She must look a hell of a lot better than I did. At least it would only be her own cum dripping down her legs, not an unknown number of men to boot.

Another cock entered my pussy and I felt him just fine, though I guessed it was Edward as he was thicker than most. Another cunt for my mouth; Chantelle or Evelyn would be my guess, because it seemed filled with male cum, but it didn't matter. I licked away.

Two more men fucked me, adding their seed to the soup in my pussy, before Master called an end to the proceedings. Master removed our blindfolds and all three of us blinked and squinted our eyes in the harsh sunlight after being in the dark for so long. 

Down at the end of the line, Sam was fucking Marcia. He was pounding her hard and she was loving it, a living hard cock instead of dildos and vibrators in her nether regions, or cunts in her mouth.

Master fucked all three of us in the cunt and ass, starting with me and ending with Rhonda, filling her pussy with the first male cum she'd gotten all day. Then each of us had to suck him clean. I got the top third. He fucked my mouth no more than the top of his cock. I imagined I was tasting the cum of every man who'd fucked every hole all three of us had on his prick, including his own. When the head of his dick was clean, he moved to Lisa and let her clean the next third. Rhonda got the root of his shaft, though she had to keep sucking him until he climaxed again, giving her his own cum since she hadn't swallowed any other semen.

He set about releasing us after, starting with Rhonda, kissing her as she stood, then Lisa, and finally me. I looked at the floor beneath where all three of us had been confined. The puddles below where all three of our backsides had been was substantial, particularly for Lisa and I, much of it congealed to an unappetizing looking mess. I was glad Master wasn't making us clean up after ourselves. I looked around at all the people around me wondering how many had fucked me and how many times. I was sore, though not unbearably so. Tomorrow might be another story. I particularly looked at Lester, wondering at the club he'd wielded on me, but his pants were back on. I caught Lisa doing the same and started laughing.

"Brianna has graciously consented to our use of her bath and bed tonight," Master said. 

"I don't think I can take another cock right now," I said. "Perhaps tomorrow, I'll feel differently."

Master laughed. "I expect not," he said. "Zoe will be joining us and taking care of any further needs I have tonight. Don't expect anything larger or more rigid than a tongue in you for the rest of the day. Of course, you'll be expected to return Brianna's generosity at some point in the future. Zoe will take you to Brianna's tub and show you how to use it. I expect you to soak and rest until six, at which time, you can put on the clothes you wore today and join us for supper. I found your choice of clothing to be very appealing. You'll be kneeling on cushions as we have a lot of dominants and straights here today to use the chairs."

"Marcia, why don't you join them in the tub," Sam said. "You were fucked nearly as much as they were, cunt and ass both."

"Thank you, Master," Marcia replied.

Zoe led us to the bathroom and showed us the sunken tub and how it worked. The fact it could fill so fast with hot water amazing to me. All four of us sank into the hot water with relief. Zoe turned on the bubbles. Blessed relief.

"Were you one of the cunts I licked today?" I asked Zoe. 

"Of course," she replied, matter of factly. "Do you think I would resist having my ex-boyfriend's wife lick my cunt? I will say not many slaves got to enjoy you too much. Most of the free women or Dommes got first crack at you, but Master Scott made sure I got a chance at each of you for my help with everything. You also got to lick your own mothers. I can't even imagine what that would be like."

"Nor can I," Marcia said. "I wonder if Master had known what California law said on the subject if I'd have been forced to lick my mother-in-laws cunt when she visited after the twins was born? He might still have had a problem with it, but it scares me to think he wouldn't have." She shuddered.

I hadn't known which cunt was Mom's and I'd already gotten over the taboo nature of the act. I'd shuddered initially too, but it was still just another cunt.

"Did anyone else seem to think there was a competition among the men when they fucked us? I thought the fucking would slowly abate the more messy we got, but it actually seemed to increase. It seemed like as soon as one man filled me with cum, another one had to leave his sperm in me."

"Well, no men fucked us," Marcia said, "but they did have a never ending stream of them waiting to fuck you, so I guess so. I kind of thought it would slow down too, the novelty being gone."

"I certainly noticed," Lisa said. "And did anyone see how big Lester's schlong was?"

"I did," Zoe said, setting out towels for us.

Lisa and I looked at her. The other two hadn't been fucked by him, so had less interest in knowing. They might not have realized how gargantuan he was.

"It looked like it was ten to ten and a half inches long and three inches in diameter," Zoe said.

"God, I knew it!" I exclaimed. "It felt like a damn baseball bat. And the amount of cum he spewed. I've never felt anything like it. I think he penetrated my cervix, right up into my womb. If I hadn't been on birth control, I'd have sworn he would have impregnated me, fertile time of the month or not."

"You were fucked by a cock that big?" Marcia asked. "I can't imagine."

"I couldn't either until it was in me. Master warned me just before he penetrated me. It was almost like having a child again. Rob said he didn't think I'd be able to feel him after being fucked by that monster, and for a second, I believed him. I thought I might never enjoy having sex with anyone smaller again until I realized I'd had a baby and still enjoyed sex afterward. He was huge. It's a wonder he has any blood for his brain after pumping that bastard up. I'd think he'd pass out from lack of oxygen to the brain once he got an erection. What's the volume on that, a pint or two? Two is a fucking quart!"

Zoe laughed. "Well, he does have a job as a bus driver, so I suppose brains aren't a huge prerequisite for the job."

"He should get a job as a porn star," Lisa said. "I never stopped cumming when he was fucking me."

"You should try it with a hood piercing," I said. "I would have passed out if I wasn't cumming so hard. Zoe, this feels so good, I could go to sleep. Can you wake us up at a quarter to six so we can get dressed, and be a good girl and find us our clothes?"

"They're already laid out on Mistress's bed. I'm not sure I'd recommend falling asleep. You might drown."

I pulled Rhonda to me and held her close. "There, our legs are so entangled we'll need to keep them straight and won't be able to sink too far in the water. Lisa, you might want to do the same with Marcia. It's very relaxing and I'm exhausted."

Lisa and Marcia got in the same embrace, kissed and closed their eyes. I was asleep as soon as I closed mine.

******

SCOTT

I don't believe I've ever seen cunts or asses as messy as what I was looking at when I stepped behind my slaves and ended the train. Cum crusted the entire back end and most of their thighs. Pussies and assholes were still stretched and gapping after their last fucking, though slowly closing. I hadn't fucked them at all today since the beginning of the ceremony, and I was going to do it now; let my cock be the last cock they felt today. The only cum leaking down Rhonda's leg was her own. I had to fix that before her adventure ended. I'd had an erection for most of the afternoon and my sack felt heavy with juice, my body churning it out in anticipation of sex. 

Sam was behind Marcia, taking advantage of her position on her knees to fuck his wife, her ordeal over. I didn't recall him fucking any of my slaves either, so his balls might have been as heavy as mine. He was pumping her hard and she was enjoying it if her vocalizations were to be trusted.

Me, I started with Julia. Sliding into her cunt was like sliding into a bowl of warm pudding. I'd never felt anything like it. Cum squished out around my cock and slithered down my balls. I wanted to hold out as long as I could, and considering there was no friction, it might not be as hard as I thought. I fucked her to an orgasm, then switched to her ass; not quite as tight as I was used to. Cum squished out of her bottom, sliding down to her cunt.

I fucked her to another orgasm, moved on to Lisa and did the same to her; one orgasm each hole and on to Rhonda. Rhonda had cum plenty, but wasn't nearly the mess the other two were. Moreover, they'd lubricated her ass with regular lube for fucking, so nothing else had been deposited in her bottom. I finally had some friction to work with and managed to get close by fucking her ass before depositing my cum in her cunt. Knowing their asses had been cleansed, the only thing they'd be sucking off my shaft was a cocktail of cum. I probably had a mixture of twenty different men who'd cum in pussy or asses today coating my dick when I pushed it into Julia's mouth. Her arms and head were confined, so I limited my penetration to the head of my prick. There had to be some for all three of them to clean off me. First Julia, then Lisa, and finally Rhonda. I let Rhonda suck me to a second orgasm after she'd cleaned the rest of my shaft.

They needed to be released. I'd done everything I could to make sure they be comfortable for several hours, lots of padding beneath their knees; a place to rest their torsos. I figured they'd be uncomfortable enough without them kneeling on a hard surface supporting their backs on hands and knees for several hours. I let Rhonda go first since I'd just emptied a load down her throat. I kissed her and asked her to wait for the others. She stretched out, loosening her limbs, tight after being in the same position for hours. I let Lisa go next, kissing her when she stood up, telling her how much I loved her. Finally, Julia. I pulled her into a full body embrace as messy as she was and kissed her. 

Julia looked down at the congealing cum where it had dripped down, then at all the people who were here. I'm sure she was wondering about who and how many. She'd been blindfolded and people had been warned not to reveal themselves. I know I'd warned her about Lester's cock, and Rob had said something after Lester finished. I'd told Bill she was all his after giving her some water. She looked at Lester, saw Lisa doing the same and laughed. 

"Brianna has graciously consented to our use of her bath and bed tonight," I said. 

"I don't think I can take another cock right now, Master," Julia replied. "Perhaps tomorrow, I'll feel differently."

I laughed. "I expect not. Zoe will be joining us and taking care of any further needs I have tonight. Don't expect anything larger or more rigid than a tongue in you for the rest of the day. Of course, you'll be expected to return Brianna's generosity at some point in the future. Zoe will take you to Brianna's tub and show you how to use it. I expect you to soak and rest until six, at which time, you can put on the clothes you wore today and join us for supper. I found your choice of clothing to be very appealing. You'll be kneeling on cushions as we have a lot of dominants and straights here today to use the chairs."

"Marcia, why don't you join them in the tub," Sam said. "You were fucked nearly as much as they were, cunt and ass both."

"Yes, Master."

I watched Zoe lead the slaves away. I loved them so much. 

"Thanks again," Sam said, "you know, for not letting Marcia be used by all those men. That was a damn effective device you used on her."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
I turned to him and smiled. "I wouldn't be much of a friend if I let a bunch of strangers fuck your wife, Sam. Got to say I didn't mind making you sweat a little though. Figured you would be okay with women as you said you didn't have a problem with Marcia having sex with other women."

"Not even a little bit," he laughed. "You didn't even have sex with her yourself. Showed a lot of restraint."

"Yeah, to be honest, it took a ton of restraint. I've never met a more beautiful woman. But a man is a man and I've got a dick, so no, I wouldn't do that to you. I noticed you didn't fuck either one of mine either?"

"I'd just spent the night with both of them plus my two. I was pretty well fucked out before this morning. How the fuck do you deal with three?"

"Well, I am about ten years younger, but I'll be honest. Rhonda is mostly Julia's and Julia is primarily responsible for her pleasure, plus her work schedule doesn't coincide with ours much. I used to control all the orgasms they were allowed to give each other, but I realized it would kill me if the slaves couldn't pleasure themselves. I'd have died months ago of exhaustion. I couldn't keep up with them. You saw them today. How many times they were fucked. Other than complaining of a 'little' soreness and being tired, they might have been able to keep going."

"I still can't believe you let them pull a train like that."

"Well, I doubt I'll do that again, but I'm trying to get over my fear of letting them fuck other men. I've been working hard for a couple weeks to anesthetize myself into thinking it's not so bad they fuck someone else. Maybe now, letting one or two other people be occasional sex partners won't bother me as much, comparatively speaking."

"Yeah, I guess that would be true. It's hard to feel bad about an occasional fucking when you've just watched your wife pounded by a slew of men multiple times over several hours."

"It was pretty rough, but I think it's working."

"I was serious this morning when I said I enjoyed your slaves. Very inventive, very creative. A joy to be around. Had a wonderful time last night."

"I'm glad. They said they did too. I wanted them to have a good time." 

"William and Evelyn were with us for awhile."

"They told me. I don't mind, seriously."

"There were a number of triple penetrations of our slaves. That strapless dildo was quite the tool for mimicking sex with three men, except for the vibrator function."

"We've used it a few times with excellent results."

"On the other hand, it's not exactly the same is it."

"Not exactly, no. Pretty close though. Are you going somewhere with this?"

"Well, the activities last night reminded me Chantelle has never had a real triple penetration and Marcia's only had the one. I'd like you to help me give them one."

I was stunned. He was asking me to fuck his two slaves, with him. I assumed William would be the other guy. He was the only one I knew who had fucked Marcia before except for her ex-police partner, now deceased.

"Why? Why me?" I asked. "I just threw you a big scare thinking I was adding Marcia to the train I was giving my own slaves. I would think you would be at least a little bit pissed at me?"

"A little, sure, but you didn't. You had respect for her and for me, only scaring the two of us, which, truth be told, we'd earned when we arranged to cheat you out of your slaves for the night. We let you sweat it out all night. I had to sweat out a few hours and I was devastated. I can only imagine what you felt for the night."

"Okay, so we're even in that regard. Still doesn't answer the why?"

"Despite that, you still let us enjoy them last night."

"It was more for them and me then it was for you. I'm trying to loosen up and let them have more access to other people, particularly men, in return for how much they do for me."

"And what I'm asking is more for mine than you. I'm a fortunate man," Sam said. "I live on this estate with an incredible number of beautiful women. I regularly have sex with two of them, with quasi regular access to both Brianna and Monique, plus sex with anyone who wanted to have children. I've had sex with Evelyn and some special circumstances sex with your sister, your wife and Lisa. Even two internationally known models. It's been beyond my wildest imagination. I love my life, but like you, I've been crippled. My first marriage was rough on me. I was a wreck when it ended. Marcia put me back together. Despite all the women she's allowed me to be with, she's only been with two and a half other men..."

"Pardon me for interrupting, but two and a half?"

"George, the man who provided the cock for Marcia's first triple penetration only ever used her mouth. I consider him a half because of it. Due to my first wife's infidelity, it's been hard for me to ease up on the reins where my slaves are concerned. Yet, they've both been as good to me as yours have been to you. They don't begrudge the other women I'm permitted to have sex with. Watching what you did today to overcome your own fears made me realize I'm as miserly with their affections as you were. I know how much they love me and I'm no longer concerned they're compelled to seek other partners on their own. I don't think I could bear to do what you just did, but I do feel I should let another man or two into their lives to show them how much I appreciate everything they do for me. I realize from the way you cared for my slave today and ensured neither she nor I were harmed when she surrendered to your infernal device, you were someone I could trust to look after them the way I do. I'd like you to be the third."

"I'd be honored, of course."

"Not just the one time, I hope. I'll have to see how I deal with it, but I'm hoping to allow you to be a quasi regular sex partner, kind of like Bill. I've overcome my fears regarding him. I'd like to do the same with you."

"Sam, I don't know what to say. It would mean a big change in your marriage and the rules you have set up for how you live your life."

"It would, so I'll discuss it with both of them, first. But our rules seem more designed to protect me than them. I realize now there should be a bit more equity. Maybe my marriage should have ended when I fell in love with Chantelle, but it didn't. Marcia was incredibly giving to share her husband with another woman. I don't want a totally open marriage, but I'd like to be able to provide them with a treat once in awhile. As deeply as I love the two of them, I enjoy the variety they've allowed me to have, so I should be able to provide them a little variety as well. That's the way I feel about it today." 

He stuck out his hand to shake. I took it and said, "You honor me, sir. I appreciate your trust more than you realize. Let me know when you want it to happen."

"I was hoping for this weekend. I know Bill is busy with Shasta tonight, but I was hoping you'd be free tomorrow."

"I'll speak to my own slaves. Today was more for them and I know they're probably done for the night, but I intended to spend tomorrow showing them how much I love them. At least until Lisa gets her piercing. She'll be off sex for three days as a result." 

"We can do it another time if you prefer."

"Let me speak to them. I'll let you know tomorrow morning."

"Thanks, I appreciate it." Sam walked off to talk to Bill.

Today was officially even stranger than it had been. I'd heard Shasta ask William to participate in a triple penetration of her, William tell her he was offering Evelyn to Jerry and Chen this evening, and now Sam offer to share Marcia and Chantelle with me. Where was Jerry and Chen anyway? I should talk to them. I didn't want anyone doing anything to mess up our house business with Bill. I should find out what was said and why. I looked around and found the poker group gathered around the liquor table. Dad was with them and Mom was sucking Edward's cock.

Dad noticed me approaching first and waved me over. 

"How are your slaves doing? Is everything okay?" Dad asked when I was close.

"They're soaking in Brianna's sunken bath tub, maybe napping. I'm letting them get cleaned up and rest before supper."

"Well, you did it, man," Rob said. "When you first floated this plan, I never thought you'd go through with it. Damn near four solid hours of fucking and your slaves took it like champs. Even the bus drivers! What a cock that Lester had."

"Certainly tempted me to try it," Regina said. "It looked bigger around than a soda can. I never thought I'd meet anyone thicker than you two."

"I doubt anyone is going to surrender their bedroom for two strangers to fuck, but if you don't mind public sex, Lester looks like he could accommodate you."

Regina got a gleam in her eye. "Damn, he certainly was something."

Ed asked, "Regina, would you like to pull a train like that sometime?" He was starting to increased the speed and depth of his thrusting in Mom's mouth.

Regina shivered. "Maybe amongst ourselves. There's too many people I don't know here."

"What if you had to lick cunt?" Rob asked, intrigued.

"I don't know. I've never done it before."

Ed grunted and spasmed, pulsing his load down Mom's throat, loosely holding her head. "There's plenty of people around here who would love to teach you," Ed panted. "Mistress Dark could damn well teach you."

"You just want to turn me into a slave bitch like Julia and Lisa," Regina said. "What if I want a couple boy bitches instead?"

"You had one and rejected him," Rob laughed. "Though he seemed to enjoy men as much as women, it hasn't stopped Sarah from making good use of him. What about a woman slave? We could add a little variety to our fucking."

"I have been tempted," Regina said. "You boys are great fuckers, but you lack in the cunnilingus department. No one licks cunt like another woman. It's why I enjoy poker nights so much. It's not because you provide all that much competition. Hell, Sandy licks cunt better than you two and she just started. In fact, dear, why don't you lick mine now? All this talk about sex has got my juices flowing again."

"Yes, Regina. Would you like to sit down or continue to stand?"

"Definitely sit. Be a dear and grab a chair."

Sandy grabbed one of the lounge chairs and returned with it. Regina sat down and spread her legs. Mother dived right in. Rob took advantage of Mom's kneeling position and eased his way into her cunt, then started pumping. Apparently the days activities hadn't completely drained either one of the Strongs.

"Jerry, Chen, could I have a minute or two of your time private? I have some questions for you," I asked.

"Sure," both replied and we stepped away from the group.

Safely away from the group, I asked, "What did Mr. Thornhill say to you today when he asked you to fuck his wife?"

"Well, he didn't start by asking us to fuck her," Jerry replied. "We started talking and he asked a bunch of general questions about us, our slaves, how we treated them, that kind of thing. Found out Chen was married to his and I'm marrying mine. Asked what we thought about sharing our slaves with others. Told him we'd done it, particularly with women, not so much men. He said his wife had never fucked anyone other than white fellows and wondered if we'd be open to showing her a good time, treat her right, just the fucking, nothing related to punishment. We both said we'd be fine with it if he didn't mind our slaves participation. He said he preferred it as it would make it more normal for her since she's fucked women before."

"Did it seem like it could mess with our business deal?" I asked.

"I didn't get that vibe at all. He seemed straightforward about it. Just treat her right. Hell, I'd never do anything to harm her. I'd never do that to a woman anyway, and he seems like a great guy and I wouldn't want to piss him off."

"You agree, Chen?"

"Yes. I think he honestly wants her to know what it's like fucking people of color. Not being underhanded or deceptive in any way."

"And if you do fuck her, you think he'll be okay with it?"

They looked at each other. Chen shrugged. "Yeah. I think it's something he's doing for her. Could have been anyone, but he knows us a little and sounded us out. Feels we're trustworthy and won't hurt his slave. He said she's his most precious possession as rich as he is and he just wants to know she'll be okay."

"Was she with him when he asked?"

"No. Maybe he wanted to check us out first before asking her. I doubt he'd make her do something she didn't want to do. It doesn't strike me as that kind of relationship. It seems loving as opposed to controlling, despite her slavery."

"So you think he could change his mind?"

"It's not set in stone," Chen said. "I'm not holding my breath. It's looser than that. If it happens, fine. If not, I won't lose sleep over it. I don't expect most men to share their wives or slaves with me, even if they want to color outside the lines."

"Do you mind if I talk to Thornhill about it?"

"No," both replied, Jerry adding, "I don't want to queer the deal either. If he really wants to share, I'm happy to fuck her. If either of them are reluctant, I'm not interested."

"Thanks."

******

JULIA

I woke up, suddenly chilled and realized the water was draining from the tub. 

"Is it time to get up?" I asked Zoe.

"No. There was so much cum floating in the water, you weren't really going to get clean. I'm pumping the dirty water out and putting fresh water in." As she spoke, hot water flooded the tub. "Now the water's clean, would you mind if I joined you."

"I'll mind if you want to fuck me. If all you want to do is lick me or leave me alone, I'm game."

"How about a little kissing?"

"Kissing I can do, using hands to stroke or finger fuck you I can do. Anything having to do with using my cunt, ass or tongue is off the table."

"I can accept those rules. Make room."

Rhonda and I slid over and Zoe got in the water with us. She pulled me into a kiss, her hands reaching for my breasts. They'd been pretty much ignored all day, dangling uselessly beneath me, so I had no problem with it. I fondled hers in return. Rhonda cuddled up against my back, stroking my buttocks and kissing the back of my neck. I was the meat in a lovely female sandwich. 

"That looks like fun," Marcia said. 

"Lisa's awake. She'll happily rock your world," I said.

"I won't even mind licking your cunt," Lisa said. "My tongue isn't that tired."

Marcia laughed. "I can't believe it. We've all been fucked for hours and we still want to have sex."

"Well, I don't know about you, but I'm a full time sex slave, emphasis on sex. I love sex. I live for sex. What Master did today, I loved. I loved being fucked, pounded even. I loved Lester's baseball bat sized cock thrusting so far up my cunt he reached my womb. I love cunt and cock and tits and ass and cumming, and if Zoe doesn't start licking my cunt now, I'm going to order my tired slave to do it because I want more sex."

"I can take a hint," Zoe laughed, backing away from me and throwing my legs over her shoulders. 

I leaned back against Rhonda, resting in the hot, bubbly water, my hips raised up, and melted on Zoe's tongue while Rhonda played with my breasts. I loved to cum. It was so easy; like rolling off a log. Lisa and Marcia started kissing. Lisa's mouth went down to Marcia's breasts where she sucked her pert nipples. Her hand started sliding between Marcia's legs which parted for her. Marcia moaned when Lisa's hand reached its goal. She was such a slave slut, just like me. 

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 56|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-56|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<em>The Bonding Ceremony over, people begin to engage in lewd and lascivious behaviors. Shasta and Evelyn in particular participate in some group sex. This Chapter contains oral, anal, interracial, lesbian and group sex, including penetration by multiple partners. STD's don't exist in this fantasy world.</em>

<strong>Ch 56 - Post Party Fucking</strong>

SCOTT

"Mr. Thornhill, may I please have a word with you."

"Of course, Scott."

Evelyn was kneeling beside him.

"In private please."

"Evelyn. Please wait here."

"Yes, Master."

He walked with me to someplace we had a little privacy. "What do you need, Scott?"

"It shouldn't surprise you to know I overheard your conversation with Shasta."

"Do you believe I shouldn't grant her request?"

"No, I think she's competent enough to decide this for herself. She's grown a lot in the last few months. Julia and Lisa put her in charge of the furniture construction side of the business. I'm referring to the second part of the conversation. I overheard you saying you planned for Jerry and Chen to fuck Evelyn tonight."

"Is there some reason they shouldn't? Aren't they trustworthy? They seemed so to me."

"More than trustworthy. I trust them with my own wife and slaves. I made Jerry a partner because I trust him implicitly. Have you spoken to Evelyn about it yet?"

"I mentioned I would like her to fuck two new men and their slaves tonight. She hasn't been told who yet."

"Are you sure you want her to do that? What made you pick those two? I guess I'm worried about our business together if you should regret allowing them to fuck your wife? It doesn't seem to be the sort of thing you've done before to the best of my knowledge."

William smiled at me. "You're right, of course. It's not something I've done before. Sam is the only man I've willingly allowed my wife to fuck. I suppose two things have happened recently which have made me reappraise my former position. One was what you allowed to happen to your own slaves today. I'm a good judge of men, Scott. I've made my fortune sitting across the table from other rich and powerful men, waiting for them to blink. It's one of the reasons I hired you to build my house. I think you're a damn fine man on the whole. I watched you closely today. You hid it well, but I could tell the experience was somewhat painful to you. You weren't doing it for yourself, because you didn't enjoy it. You don't strike me as a masochist who wants to give himself pain. You genuinely are trying to become more open with your slaves, allow them some variety, become accustomed to seeing them with other men, despite the pain it causes you."

"Yes, sir. They mean so much to me, have done so much for me, freely giving anything I asked for and asking for nothing in return. It actually made me feel miserable at times and I decided if I was going to feel miserable either way, I'd prefer it to be the misery of allowing them pleasure."

He laughed. "Yes. I almost divorced Evelyn for her cheating ways. I was this close to giving up." He held up his fingers and they were almost touching. "It was painful imagining other men with my wife. Devastating really. A big part of it is doing it behind my back, barely caring if I found out about it. It was like I meant nothing to her, not my fame or fortune, not even being her husband meant nothing.

"It all changed when she became my slave. I became her world. She does everything I ask without question, obeys me implicitly, submits to a painful spanking every morning and absolutely adores me and her life with me. She's not questioned a single thing I do or say, yet she obviously loves me more than she ever did before. Her submission saved our marriage. I love her more than I ever have before. More each day. When I watch Sam fuck her, it doesn't bother me the way imagining her fucking strangers bothered me. Part of it is I have control. If I say stop, she'll stop. She'd never fuck anyone else again if I don't want it. She'd do without sex if that's what I want.

"I'm proud of her now. I was embarrassed by her behavior before. Now, I'm not, because her behavior is my choice. It's taken awhile, but I trust her more now than I did when we first married. When you're rich, you always worry about other people's motives. Do they like you or do they like your money? I keep her naked most of the time, so she's not in it for the clothes. I've taken most of her jewelry away except for her wedding ring and her collar, so she's not in it for the gems. She lives in nice homes, but I've taken away most of the servants so she has to do most of the housework herself. She'd actually prefer a smaller house that would be easier to care for. For the first time, I know it's me she wants and not my money."

"I see," I said.

"I'm beginning to believe I have a truly precious person to share my life with and like you, maybe she can enjoy some of the variety you want your slaves to enjoy. But, I have to admit to you it was your wife who put the idea in my head she should fuck a black man."

"Julia? How? When? Why?"

"Last night. Chantelle was airtight, riding the vibrator in Evelyn's cunt. When Chantelle was done, Evelyn kissed her and apologized for being such a racially biased bitch when they first met. She admitted she hadn't any reason to be so except from racial stereotypes.

"When it was Evelyn's turn, Julia, who wasn't otherwise participating, had the idea of talking to her while she was getting fucked. She talked about the people coming to the ceremony, including a black man. She talked about Jerry coming today and that he had a beautiful, big, black cock and if I allowed it, she could get fucked by him, or suck it and feel his warm sperm shoot into her mouth. Evelyn was so turned on by the talk, her orgasms started building to the point she actually passed out for a moment. I decided then she should experience what it's like fucking men of other races.

"I spoke to them earlier to ensure in my own mind they would take care of her. I already had good feelings about them since they were your friends, but they confirmed those feelings when I talked to them. I'm happy with my decision."

"Are you certain you'll still feel as pleased tomorrow after the deed is done?" I asked.

"Are you worried about our business dealings, the money you might lose?" Bill responded.

"Perhaps a little, but I've done okay without your money before and I'm sure I will again. How many houses can you even build in California? What I value more is your friendship. What you did for Shasta means more to me than building your house. I could tolerate losing your house more than your friendship. That's what I don't want to jeopardize."

"And you think I might hold you or your friends responsible if I have second thoughts after letting them fuck my wife?"

"Well, sir, as someone who has let them fuck my wife, my slaves, and seen them fuck my Mother, my relationship to them has changed from what it was before. It was worse at the beginning, when I first allowed it to occur. It's not an image which is easily dismissed from your mind. Every time I'd see them afterward, I would picture them fucking Julia and Lisa, and know they'd been with my wife. They knew it too. They had fucked my wife. Even saying it out loud still carries emotional weight. Lisa was everyone's friend before. She was different to start, as she wasn't my wife, merely a friend to all of us, but knowing they knew they'd fucked my wife; it's a very intimate thing on both our parts. In a way, I'm closer to them, because I've shared something so intimate with them, but in another sense, I'm also less close because we both know what happened, and we see each other all the time.

"I'll admit those feelings have diminished over time, but the easy jocularity we once had is gone. Partly, it's because I've also been with both Jerry and Chen's slaves, either their wife or soon to be wife. We hold that in common now. It's more serious somehow. They have a sense of familiarity with my wife different from when she was only my wife and not a sex partner. They don't exceed the bounds of what I consider propriety, but it's changed.

"I don't think it can be any other way, really. You never feel the same about someone who's slept with your wife. It's not necessarily better or worse, just different. I'm closer to both Jerry and Chen because we've fucked each other's women, even though I've known them fewer years than Edward and Robert, who I've known since high school. I'm more distant with them because I can't sleep with Regina. She's not a slave. Nor is she their wife. Theirs is more of a friends with benefits relationship even though they live together. I'm unsure if Regina would marry either one of them. She seems comfortable with the way things are. I wouldn't expect you to feel any different about Evelyn than I do."

"Yet you let me sleep with your wife. Do you feel differently about me now?"

"I do. We weren't really all that close before. I certainly admired and appreciated you for your generosity to Shasta. I feel closer now, certainly, than you were before, a different friend; not a worse friend, but it's changed us both, don't you think? What did you think about me before and how do you feel now?"

"Now I stop and think about it, yes. My relationship with Sam is certainly different because we've slept with each other's wife. In a way, it was a forced intimacy. We barely knew each other when I slept with Marcia. They started as friendly confidants as I went through another round of infidelity with Evelyn. There is something more with you than there was before. So are you recommending I not let Evelyn fuck your friends?"

"Not necessarily. It's entirely up to you what you do. Just realize you'll never look at them the same way again. The others, you probably won't see much in the future, so it may not matter. Chen is done with most of electric. He only has fixtures to finish. A couple days work. He might not even come to supervise the work. Jerry, you'll see every other week as long as your house is unfinished. Will you feel comfortable doing so after he's fucked your wife? Will it matter to you, or can you overlook it. He probably has less of a relationship to you than I did. In its own way, it will be a forced intimacy, like you had with Sam. I certainly believe him to be worthy of friendship and intimacy, but he's my friend, not yours. Perhaps the friendship should come first, before the intimacy for someone you will see in the future. You might be better off letting Evelyn fuck the bus driver. You'll never see him again."

William laughed. "And reinforce Evelyn's racial stereotypes about black cocks?"

"Well there is that. Plus, no one really knows him that well. I was okay with him fucking my slaves in a public setting. I'm not sure I'd let any of my slaves fuck him in a private setting. What I will say is, except for the bus drivers, who I will never see again, everyone else here had fucked my slaves before, either through my initial mistakes and misadventures, or by intent as I wanted to prepare for todays event. Even you and Sam. I wanted to mentally prepare for what I knew was going to happen today.

"There was no getting you out of my life anymore. Since I'd already shared them, the mental images or memories already existed. There is no getting it out of my head anymore. Once more didn't make that much of a difference and believe me, mental images are always worse than the reality. Your mind plays tricks on you. Makes you feel and see more than actually exists. Instead of just happily fucking and enjoying sex, you imagine them becoming enamored of their partner, falling in love and wanting to be with them. Watching it, it's just sex and you realize it's only sex, and they come back to you, happy you've given them some freedom.

"Evelyn is your wife, your slave. I'm not going to tell you what you should or shouldn't do, but you might want to be present. Watching is easier than not watching. My imagination is worse than reality. I just want you to know how I was affected by my experiences. You may not be affected the same way or you may be comfortable with it even if you are. As long as you know, it's up to you what you do. Sam has asked me to help him provide a triple penetration with both of his slaves. If I do so, things will change. I don't expect it to be worse, but it will be different. He'll be more like Jerry and Chen now. Someone with whom I've now shared women with. It is what it is."

"Thanks. I'll think about it some more. Sam told me what he planned. We could end up fucking them together."

I smiled at him. "I think I'd like to fuck mine with you and Sam as well. Maybe even Rhonda could be convinced to surrender to three cocks at once."

"That sounds like two full days to me. I don't think I could accomplish it in one."

"Two of the best days of my life."

"Should I add Evelyn to the mix?"

"As Chen said when I asked him about your offer to them, 'I don't expect most men to share their wives or slaves with me, even if they want to color outside the lines'. That applies to me as well. Just because I was willing to let you fuck my wife, doesn't mean you have to be willing to let me fuck yours. I don't expect it, but would be grateful if you felt I was worthy."

Bill clasped my shoulder. "I find myself liking you more and more, every time I see you."

"One last thing. Shasta just started having sex again after Christmas, and for several months, couldn't even let Sean touch her with his hands. It started out as no hands oral sex, then she him tied down, unable to move or hold her while fucking. It was only after she worked through counseling she gradually added normal sex. I don't know what happened in the last couple weeks while I was gone, and she seems to be more relaxed now, but please go slowly. Let her drive the show at her own pace. She's not a slave and I would consider she'll still experience some timidity at having sex with others."

"Good advice. I'll take it."

"It's almost supper now. I should go look for my girls."

"Thanks again for our discussion. Food for thought."

******

JULIA

We'd abandoned the confines of the sunken tub for the wide expanse of Brianna's bed. I was riding Marcia's mouth, Rhonda was buried between Marcia's thighs, and Zoe and Lisa were in a sixty-nine. I was feeling better than expected after my afternoon of fucking. The hot, soaking waters, the delicate tongues of my friends and the continued orgasms doing much to erase lingering soreness. My bottom felt almost normal again, though it was unlikely I'd want anything in it for the rest of the night. I was beginning to think another cock in my cunt wouldn't be so bad, as long as it wasn't Lester's.

Master came into the bedroom. I saw him when he walked in and he laughed, seeing us like this.

"I would have thought you'd had enough fucking for one day and to find you curled up in bed, napping."

"You were wrong, Master," I said, the only one of us with her mouth free of honeyed flesh.

I orgasmed again, inundating Marcia's mouth with my cum once more. She lapped it up to my continued pleasure.

"Perhaps I should have left you out there for another hour?"

"Not if my ass were to still be open for business, sir. My cunt might have tolerated more."

He laughed. "Well, you are a sex slave, aren't you?"

"In every sense of the word, Master."

My orgasmic tremors concluded, I climbed off Marcia's face, leaving it damp with my dew. "Is it time for supper already, sir? Time really flies when you're having fun." Marcia was moaning and trembling through her own orgasm from Rhonda's talented tongue.

"Not quite yet. I expected Zoe to keep track of the time and get you ready."

Zoe looked up from Lisa's pussy. "My alarm is set, sir. I would have had them to supper on time." Her face was smeared with Lisa's fluids.

"From the looks of things, you all need another shower before you're presentable to the public."

"I'm not ashamed to wear the symbols of my submission, Master, even cum."

"Then perhaps you should wear mine. You're my slaves."

"Gladly, Master."

He pointed to the floor at his feet and I quickly got on the floor and began sucking his cock.

"All three of you," he said, and Lisa and Rhonda rushed to join me.

We took turns sucking his root and he warned us he was going to cum. We backed off his cock. His first pulse plastered a large gob of warm cream over my closed right eye and I felt it drip down my cheek. Since my eyes were closed, I couldn't see where he deposited the next few spurts, except they weren't on me. Eventually, I felt the velvet softness of his cock head rubbing on my left cheek and more warm stuff deposit itself there. He left me again. The next time I felt his cock, it was at my lips and I opened to clean him off.

"Zoe, would you please get me a tissue?" He asked more than ordered.

Soon I felt him wiping at the spot on my right eye, wiping it from where it might sting me if I opened my eyes. He told me when I could open them. I looked up at him smiling down on me. I looked at my sister slaves and both of them were similarly decorated. Lisa had a huge dab of his cream on the tip of her nose, about to drip off. She stuck her tongue out so she could catch it if it dropped.

"Marcia and Zoe, leave your faces covered in cum until your Master or Mistress tells you to clean up."

"Yes, Master Scott," both responded.

"Put your clothes on and try not to get any cum on them will you?"

"Of course, Master," Rhonda responded for all three of us.

It would have been trickier complying if the hole at the top of my dress weren't so big. Since it exposed all of my breasts, it wasn't the problem it might have been. Neither of the others had much difficulty either. It was the way we reentered the celebration; dressed in slave clothes or nothing at all, our faces smeared with cum, female or both, our new collars and sigils lit up like a sign, proclaiming us to be Master's slaves. Marcia and Zoe immediately went to their own Dominants. Master led us to each of our guests to thank them for attending our celebration and thank them for fucking us.

When I got to Cindy, she asked, "Scott's cum?"

"Yes."

"Good." She wiped the drop still clinging to Lisa's nose off with her finger and sucked it clean. I kissed her.

"Thank you for joining us for our bonding ceremony," I said.

"Thank you for coming to mine," she replied.

"Does your piercing make you horny?" I asked.

"Very much."

"I'd take care of it for you if you weren't off limits for three days."

"I'll accept your tongue the next time you visit."

"My pleasure," I replied.

I greeted everyone. It seems everyone had shed their clothes by now, except the bus drivers. I still hadn't seen Lester's cock. I suppose the amount of fucking which occurred having eased everyone's inhibitions to some extent. Even Wendy was naked and she looked every bit as delicious as Rhonda, with slightly larger breasts.

Sandra had girl cum on her face too. She still had cum dripping down her legs. Her Master apparently didn't think she required washing yet. I licked some of the cum off her face, then kissed her. I kissed her Master as well, my father-in-law. It was more than a friendly kiss with both of them. I greeted my own parents the same way. After all, Zoe told me I'd licked Mom's cunt, and I doubt my father had left my ass untouched.

When everyone had been greeted, we sat down to a wonderful dinner outside by the pool as only Chantelle could prepare it. Several types of meat, fish or fowl, vegetarian dishes, salads, delectable desserts. Cristal champagne was served, which made Master nervous. He knew now how much it cost. This promised to be an exceedingly expensive celebration. Everyone was impressed, even Sharon who worked at one of our favorite Italian restaurants.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
Master fed us, securing our hands behind our backs first, wanting us to know we were fully his. We knelt at his feet so it was relatively easy to do. It took longer to eat that way, but the food was too good to gobble down anyway. We could savor each bite he fed us. Most of the slaves were eating on pads or cushions. Only Lucia, due to her late term pregnancy, and Monique, as Brianna's wife, had seats at the table. Brianna's slaves were serving, five at a time, for twenty minutes, then they were allowed to eat while five more took their place. It made for a short period on duty and time to eat themselves.

When he finished feeding us, Master didn't pet and caress us as he usually did. Instead he picked me up suddenly as I whooped in surprise and laid me on my back on the table. He pulled up the bottom of my dress exposing my pussy to everyone seated at the table.

"I did promise nothing harder than a tongue in you tonight. Spread your legs, slave," he ordered.

"Yes, Master."

I spread my legs as he ordered and he dined on my cunt right in front of everyone. It's not like I hadn't been fucked in front of everyone today. I had no problem with public fucking, not amongst this crowd anyway. He didn't often lick us. He didn't need to. It was something we did for each other. Not that he didn't know how, merely unnecessary, as it was our responsibility to please him, not the other way around. He ate me out until I had two orgasms. It didn't take long. I was a sex slave. When my trembling stopped, he pulled me off the table and replaced me with Lisa. Her dress was likewise pulled up to her waist and Master had her spread her legs. Lisa responded as easily as I did, moaning in front of the others as she spasmed on his tongue.

When Rhonda replaced Lisa, he had no need to raise her dress. It was so short, it covered nothing. As soon as she spread her legs, she was bared before us all.

"I too wish to honor your service and I neglected to tell you how much I love you, Rhonda. As soon as I am done giving you your orgasms, your Domina will give you three more."

"Yes, Master."

Master gave her three orgasms, the last after pouring a little of the Cristal on her cleft, letting it run from her clit to her ass. He turned her over to me, who gladly gave her three more.

Getting up from the table, Master moved around it until he was standing behind Lucia. He rested his hands on her shoulders, kissed her forehead, and addressed everyone again.

"As most of you know, Lucia was instrumental in saving the lives of my wife, Julia, my paramour, Lisa, and my unborn son, Lucas. She is the reason we named our son Lucas. She is Brianna's slave, but was staying with us in Fresno to undergo treatment for something tragic in her past. She was attempting to get pregnant. I was the man fortunate enough to provide the seed which successfully gave her the child she so desperately wanted.

"The child will legally be Brianna's, but I wish to acknowledge before everyone here, I recognize the child is also my responsibility. I will do all I can for the child, including being one of its father figures. I acknowledge my debt of gratitude to Lucia and promise to her now that if she or her child ever needs anything from me, no matter what, I will do whatever is in my power to grant it. She will always hold a special place in my heart. I would ask my parents to be the grandparents this child lost when her parents were killed, to love her unconditionally as they do Lucas, to stand by her when she needs it. Will you do so, Dan and Sandra?"

"It's not even a question you need to ask, son. The child will be ours to spoil just as Lucas is," Dan replied.

"Cindy, do you promise me to be the beloved aunt to her baby, nurture and protect it as you do Lucas?"

"I do, Master Scott."

"Brianna, as the child's legal guardian, if ever you need anything from me, will you promise to ask it of me?"

"I promise, Scott."

"Lucia, you will always hold a very important piece of my heart. I'd like you to have this token of my love and affection for all you've done for me at risk of your own life."

Zoe handed him a box from which he removed a necklace. I hadn't realized Master was going to do this. I thought it a wonderful idea.

"Since our child is scheduled to be born in June, the gem is Alexandrite, the birthstone for children born in June. This necklace was designed to have other gems attached to it. If you should be fortunate enough to bear other children, their birthstones may also be added to this necklace to commemorate each of them. Since your Mistress makes jewelry, I have no doubt she can add to it as necessary."

Master fastened the necklace around her neck and kissed her forehead again.

"Should you have any other children, regardless who the father is, I will always stand ready to help in any way I can as my debt to you can never truly be repaid. Lucia, I thank you from the depths of my heart for everything you did to protect my family. Without you, the ceremony we had today could never have occurred."

Lucia was crying. So was I and a lot of the other people dining. She reached up and caressed Master's cheek.

"Thank you, Master Scott."

People started clapping and soon everyone was clapping, then standing, acknowledging our beautiful Lucia, who truly was the Saint of the song. She smiled, cried, laughed, every emotion of love visible on her face as she accepted their accolades. Lisa, Rhonda and I got up and surrounding her, kissed her, laughing and crying as she was, then Master's parents and Cindy joined us to hug her and gently touch her swollen belly, ripe with Master's child. There was no blessing too great to be bestowed on her as far as I was concerned.

Dinner was starting to break up. People moved away from the table and Brianna's slaves started clearing the dishes. Perhaps people had been stimulated by the days events. I saw Sharon having sex with her husband by the pool and surprise, surprise, Lester was plowing into Regina. For the first time I was seeing the size of his monster. I felt like I was looking at a horse.

"You didn't tell me about this part of the ceremony, Scott," Brianna said, smiling affectionately.

"Not all secrets had to be revealed to accomplish them, Brianna. How much do I owe you for this little shindig?"

"Not a thing, Scott. It's taken care of."

"Come on, Brianna. The champagne alone had to be five thousand, even if you got it discounted for a bulk purchase. The food had to run into the thousands, not to mention the services you've provided including the use of your bed tonight. I can't let you pay for all of it. It was mostly my ceremony and most of the guests are my guests."

"That would be my doing, Scott," Bill said. "You'll find I've also taken care of the hotel bills and bus transportation."

"William, I don't need your help for that. It's not necessary, really."

"Not necessary, but I want to do it. It's only money, and I ..."

"Have tons of it," Shasta said laughing. "What's he going to do with it all if he can't share it with his friends. It makes him feel good, Scott. Are you going to deny him the little pleasure he gets in his life aside from fucking beautiful slaves and hopefully, less beautiful Mistresses?"

William laughed, turning to see Shasta and Sean behind him.

"You don't do yourself justice, Shasta. You're every bit as beautiful as anyone else here. Do you want to start now?"

"Please."

"I notice your slave isn't wearing his cock cage, Shasta," Master said, "and has an erection. Did you give him permission to have an erection?"

"No. I let him relieve himself with one of your slaves, but he got hard again later and was suffering greatly, so I removed it. I still haven't allowed him to cum."

"Mistress Dark usually trains her slaves better than this. Perhaps he needs to be sent back to her for retraining?" Master suggested.

"You hear that, slave. Is that what you want? Be sent back to Mistress Dark for retraining?"

"No, Mistress."

"Then you better lose your erection now 'cause I'm going to put your cage back on until you're told you can fuck."

"Yes, Mistress."

Within less than half a minute, his cock was hanging limp and Shasta put his cage back on.

Bill laughed. "When we spoke earlier, Shasta, I suggested I worked well with Sam and you were agreeable, but I'd like to make this as comfortable for you as I can make it. Would you prefer to work with Scott instead?"

"If it's no trouble for you, Mr. Thornhill," Shasta said, looking at Master. "I'd prefer Scott."

"I'm sorry, Shasta," Master said. "I have an agreement with my slaves I can only fuck other slaves. Fucking non-slaves is a violation of our agreement."

"Master," I said. "We changed our agreement already this morning. I don't see any reason we can't change it further. You're allowing both slaves and non-slaves to fuck us. If Shasta would prefer your cock to someone else, I don't have an objection."

"Neither do I, Master," Lisa added. "I'd like to see you fuck Shasta. She's made us lick her cunt often enough. Plug her good, I say."

"I wanted to spend some time with you three, now the ceremony is over," Master protested.

"We have the rest of our lives together, sir. I don't begrudge Mistress Shasta the use of your cock at all. It will be tomorrow before I need another cock anyway," I said. "Soft wet tongues will be plenty for me. I have my sister slaves for that. In fact, take Brianna's bed. It's got more room for the four or more people you'll have on the bed."

"Are you sure?"

"I don't wish to deny you anything, Master. I encourage you to help Shasta experience her first triple penetration. Every woman who enjoys sex should experience it at least once in their life. You'll be gentle and help ensure she has the most pleasurable experience she can."

"Then I'd be honored to help you Shasta," Master told her.

"Good slaves," Shasta commented.

"Very good slaves," he said. "The very best."

"My own is forgetting his training. He seems to think he has a right to my body now as opposed to me having a right to his, if and when I want it. When I attempt to go on dates, he tries to tempt me into staying home with him. He thinks he should be the only source of my pleasure with men, whereas your slaves seek to allow and encourage you to take pleasure with any woman you choose as they did tonight. This slave thinks he should get me all to himself."

"That is definitely improper slave behavior," Master said. "My slaves know they may receive pleasure only when it suits me, not them. Because there are three of them, they're forced to share, and like tonight, want me to be satisfied by any means possible whether it's with them or another woman. What about your slave, Bill?"

"Although she knows she must always be ready to satisfy me, her needs are secondary to mine. They are only granted when I choose to grant them. Do you object to my having sex with Shasta, Evelyn?"

"No, Master. I would like both you and Mistress Shasta to enjoy yourselves tonight. It's not my place to suggest otherwise."

"He needs to learn his needs are insignificant compared to yours, Shasta," Master suggested. "I would advise making him watch while three men fuck you, filling all three of your holes. Let him sit in his cock cage watching you take your pleasure without him. Don't let him have sex again until he demonstrates the proper subservience and respect a Mistress deserves."

"Damn, you're right. I've been too lenient with him, primarily because he's been the only source of sex I have. Cutting him off was cutting me off too, like throwing the baby out with the bathwater. But I've not only got you gentlemen, I'm sure if I get real desperate, I can get Jerry, Chen or them two big boys you play poker with to plug my cunt. Fuck, for that matter, your slaves be happy to fuck me with a big strap on or lick my cunt. Maybe I let that Lester fellow fuck me. Invite him over after he done bringing us home tomorrow. He had a real nice cock."

Sean was becoming increasingly agitated at the thought of being cut off by his Mistress. He still hadn't learned he didn't possess a Mistress, she possessed him.

"Exactly," Master said. "Bill, I'm sure Sam is still available for this isn't he."

"He said he'd enjoy fucking Shasta. Was looking forward to it," Bill said.

"Mr. Thornhill, could you please see if Sam is still available and hasn't made other plans?" Shasta asked.

"Mistress, please," Sean begged. "I'll do better. Please let me be part of your first triple penetration."

"Nope. I been telling you to get in line for a week. I'm not your fucking girlfriend. I'm your Mistress. You want sex again in the near future, your attitude got to change. I won't put up with this shit anymore. You wearing that cock cage the next three days and it ain't comin' off for nothin'. Where's Sam? He got other plans now, we find some other guy."

"I'll get him, Master," Lisa said and ran off to find him.

"Slave, you come with, only to watch me get fucked," Shasta said.

"Master," Evelyn said, "You mentioned I might be with two other gentleman tonight in your absence. I thought one would be Sam and someone else?"

"No. Completely different men for you. Wait here."

"Yes, sir."

Evelyn appeared nervous. At the moment, she didn't even know who she'd be fucking and her Master wouldn't be there with her.

William returned with Jerry and Chen. Evelyn's eyes grew wide at the sight of Jerry in particular. He wasn't fully erect and his cock was substantial. Certainly not Lester's size, but larger than Bill or Sam, though not by much.

"This is Jerry and Chen. Since you've never had sex with anyone who wasn't white, I want both of these men to fuck you, using every one of your slave holes," William said, stroking her face.

Evelyn shivered. "Master, no disrespect intended, but I barely know these men, or their slaves."

"I've spoken to them and I'm sure they'll treat you with kindness and care."

"If it will make you more comfortable, Evelyn," I said, "I know both of these men well and I will accompany you if you're nervous fucking strangers for the first time."

She grabbed my hand and squeezed it. "Please, thank you. I would like that very much."

William added his own thanks. Lisa returned with Sam.

"What's up?" He asked.

"Mister Sam," Shasta said. "My slave misbehavin' and I don't want to reward his behavior. If you're still willing, I'd like you to be the third for my triple penetration."

Sam looked at Shasta, his eyes moving up and down her body. You could see his cock flooding with blood, getting longer and harder. "I'd be happy to participate," he said. "Give me a moment to free up my slaves up and I'll be right back."

I whispered to Evelyn, "Why don't we have another glass of the champagne your Master paid for, to help calm your nerves."

"Yes, please."

I kissed her and led her to the alcohol table, getting another glass of the bubbly for both of us.

I spoke quietly to her while we sipped our champagne, "Jerry and Chen were among two of the first men I ever fucked other than my Master," I said. "They're both gentle, excellent lovers who will make sure you're well pleasured."

"Jerry is so big," she whispered.

"Not much bigger than Sam or my Master when he's fully erect. He just looks bigger before he has an erection. Your Master saw how you responded last night when I talked to you about big black cocks fucking you. He wants you to experience the reality as opposed to what your racially biased conditioning has informed you. Of course, you'll be expected to pleasure their slaves as well, but you should be used to licking cunts by now. Janet is the pregnant one. She just married Chen in February. Reneé is the slim slave who belongs to Jerry. They're getting married next month. I'll make sure you're kept tidy after they fuck you."

I pointed to Lester, still fucking Regina, plowing her hard. "Be thankful it's not Lester. He truly does have the cock of your black nightmares."

She followed my pointing finger. "I can't believe you were fucked with that thing."

"I couldn't either, but I climaxed constantly as he was fucking me. Come on. I'll prove to you it's no different than any other cock."

We walked back to Jerry and Chen. Master, Sam and William had already left with Shasta and Sean. Jerry was a gentleman. Realizing how nervous Evelyn was, he took her hand, bowed over it and kissed it.

"Mrs. Thornhill, I'm very pleased to make your acquaintance. My name is Jerry Evans and this is my slave, Reneé. My very good friend, Chen Wang, and his slave, Janet will be joining us. I shall endeavor to ensure your time with us is both pleasurable and fun."

Evelyn gave a little curtsy in return. "Thank you, Master Jerry. I'm pleased to make your acquaintance. Master Chen, thank you."

"Since we have no beds available to us, we set up a few cushions in this secluded area over here," Chen said.

"If you wait a moment, Masters, let me see if I can get us a room," I said.

"Certainly," Jerry said, "a bed would be more comfortable."

"Since my Master is using Brianna's bed, our bed would be available to us," Evelyn said shyly.

"Lead the way," Jerry said, holding her hand still.

Evelyn led us towards the guest house and her bedroom.

******

SCOTT

Julia seemed to have the matter of Evelyn in hand. I told my other two slaves to enjoy themselves in whatever way they could for the next couple hours. Sam suggested Marcia and Chantelle might be up for some fun and games. They left to look for them. Bill and I led Shasta and Sean to Brianna's bedroom. No one had to get undressed. We didn't even need much encouragement. All three of us were stimulated at the idea of breaking Shasta in for her first airtight experience.

"Go stand in the corner, slave," Shasta ordered.

"If I might offer a suggestion," I said, "when I fuck someone new, my slaves like to assist me in putting my cock in the new person. It's a lesson in subservience. Julia did it the first time I fucked Lisa. They both helped me fuck Rhonda the first time. Perhaps Sean should help prepare you for our cocks, watch up close as we fuck you."

Shasta smiled. "Yeah. That sound right."

"We're here to give you the best possible experience, Shasta," Bill said. "Who do you want on the bottom fucking your cunt?"

"If it's okay with you, Mr. Thornhill. I'd like you on the bottom. I'd like to be facing you."

"While you suck my cock to get it wet for you, have Sean lick your pussy until you're nice and wet."

"I don't think he need to lick me to get me wet. I been thinking about this all day. Pretty wet already. I'll suck you though."

She stuck two fingers in her pussy, then pulled them out, demonstrating she was indeed quite wet. Shasta sat on the bed and grabbing Bill's cock, drew him into her mouth, topping off his erection and soaking his prick in saliva. I was impressed with how deep she was taking him in her mouth. For a non-slave, she was doing great. Whoever ended up in her mouth wouldn't be disappointed. Bill lay back on the bed and Shasta climbed over his prick, easing herself down his length.

"You got a damn fine dick, Mr. Thornhill. Feels mighty fine inside me."

"Shasta, considering I now have my cock in your cunt, could you please call me Bill instead of Mr. Thornhill?"

"Yes, Bill, real nice cock. Fills me up good. Sam, would you mind fucking my ass? I don't need to tell you to go gentle, do I?"

"Not at all, Shasta. Sean, lick your Mistress's ass and prepare her for my prick," Sam ordered.

Sean climbed on the bed and Bill parted her buttocks. Sean's tongue worked up and down her crease, even delving into her bunghole to prepare her. Sam had taken some lube out of the nightstand and was greasing his cock, standing rigidly at attention. Sam told him to get out of the way, but to watch closely as he penetrated her ass. Sean was silently weeping, but he watched as Sam put the head of his cock against Shasta's crinkled star and exert pressure. It slowly parted for the crown, Shasta moaning as he steadily went deeper and deeper.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
When his hips were resting against her buttocks, he asked, "How you doing, Shasta? Is everything okay?"

"Everything good," she panted. "Fuck! I'm so full. Never been so full before. Just give me a minute. This feels so good. As soon as I start moving, you move. I cum quick. Scott, only thing I need now is your fat prick in my throat. You bigger than other cocks I sucked, so you might have to work to get it all in, but I can take it, so give me all of it, okay?"

"Every inch, Shasta. As much as you want."

I got on the front of the bed and touched the crown of my cock to her lips. They parted and I pushed in about four inches. She couldn't speak now, so I tried to pay attention to movements and sounds to ensure she was enjoying herself. About every fifteen or twenty seconds, I pulled out enough I knew she could breathe, then thrusting a little deeper. I could feel her swallowing to take more of me down, so knew she'd been practicing deep throating.

It was so strange to have her sucking my cock. I was always cautious with my female employees. I never wanted any of them to be concerned about their work environment. Then, she started working for Julia and Lisa and we'd learned what happened to her and we were so careful around her due to the trauma she'd undergone. Yet somehow, she'd had the strength to recover, find herself, get help, reaching the point where she might have sex with someone again. Today, she'd asked three men, two of them relative strangers, to give her an experience which might have been a nightmare nine months before. She was so strong.

Becoming comfortable with her triple penetration, Shasta slid further down the two poles splitting her backside, grinding against the two cocks impaling her. Recognizing this as a sign she was ready for more, Sam and Bill began withdrawing and thrusting in concert with one another. As she'd predicted, she orgasmed right away with their first forceful prod deep inside her. She was moaning frantically around my cock as she was seized with a massive climax, which further opened her throat for my next push. Their next mutually powerful drive pushed her up the bed and all the way on my cock. She gurgled, so I pulled out enough for her to grab another lungful of air.

From then on, we toyed with her, all three impaling her at once some times, other times, plunging into her one, two, three and pulling out the same way so only one cock was ever buried in her body at the same time. She was cumming often and hard, stretched wide on three shafts and loving it. Bill had been fucking her the longest and was the first to cum, groaning as he bucked into her cunt, loosing his seed in her. Sam was only a few seconds behind, Bill still pulsing when he rammed deep in her ass and released. They still hadn't gotten soft enough to leave her body when my own salty cream flowed over her tongue.

Our spasms ended, we collapsed on the bed in a loose tangle, panting hard.

"Sweet Jesus, Scott. Your slaves were right. That was the best damn fucking I ever had. It seemed I was cumming continuously. Do you boys think you have the energy to do that again? I wouldn't mind trying that again with a different man in each hole."

"If we have a some time to recover," Bill said. "I'd be willing to oblige you."

"Me too," I said. "Slave, don't you have some clean up to take care of. Your Mistress is messy."

Shasta had cum leaking out of her pussy and ass. Having Sean clean it up other men's cum from his Mistress would take him down a peg or two and rapidly reestablish his place. We needed it too, but I don't think any of us were the type to want a man to clean our cocks. I'd never gotten that type of vibe anyway. While Sean lapped at his Mistress's holes to tidy them up, I got wet washcloths for the other two. If they wanted Sean to suck their joints, they could ask. If they didn't, they had a way to clean themselves off. Shasta had done a nice job of cleaning me off after I climaxed in her mouth.

Sean did a good janitorial job, leaving nothing behind but his saliva. He'd tried to ingratiate himself by giving her another couple orgasms, but Shasta had pushed him away after one. At least none of us would have to sleep in a wet spot tonight.

As we rested, I asked how Shasta wanted to do the next one, since she was queen for the night.

"If it's all right with everyone, I'd like Scott in my cunt this time, Bill in my ass and Sam in my mouth."

"I know this is primarily a fuck job, Shasta, but would you be horribly offended if I kissed you and sucked on your breasts while we're fucking?" I asked. Something else which might get Sean's goat. Sometimes kissing is more intimate than fucking.

"More like making love, you mean?"

"Exactly."

"Would your wife be offended if I let you?"

"She wanted me to make this a wonderful experience for you," I replied. "If it makes it better for you, she won't be offended."

"I'd like that, Scott. Thank you for asking."

"Damn, I should have asked," Bill said, slapping his head.

"You can kiss me now," Shasta said, shyly.

Bill smiled at her and snuggled up to her in a close embrace. While they kissed, he ran his hands over her body, touching every intimate part of her. When his hand went between her legs and he suckled her nipples, she spasmed into another orgasm. Sean seemed very uncomfortable, both because he was fighting an erection in his cock cage and because his Mistress was ignoring him. He looked quite miserable.

"Oh, my. You're quite the kisser, Bill," Shasta panted, "though it seems you went a little beyond kissing."

"Sam," Bill said, "you want to take her for a spin."

"Don't mind if I do," he replied, lying down on the other side of her.

Shasta turned and began kissing Sam. While they kissed, Bill nibbled on the back of her neck and stroked her fine ass. It wasn't long before their manual attentions had her squirming in another climax. I love to see women orgasm. It's one of the most beautiful sights I know. I think the others felt the same. All three of us seemed ready to go again.

"I can suck your cocks to get you ready faster," Shasta said, panting harder.

Sam took her hand and placed it on his newly erect cock. "I think I'm good," he said.

Bill rubbed his cock head between her cheeks. "I believe I'm good to go as well."

Shasta looked at me. "Hey, I have no intention of delaying the party," I said, waving my wang at her. "One hard dick at your service. Move over."

She giggled. Shasta was usually so serious, so devoid of humor, it made my heart glad to see her giggling. As soon as they all moved, I plopped myself down in the middle of the bed, my shaft eager and ready.

"Is this for me?" Shasta laughed, running her hand up and down my prick.

"All for you. Every inch, for now, at least. You may have to release me to my slaves later, but I'm all yours for now."

She held my cock, kneeling over it, placed it at her pearly gates and sank down over me, wet and ready. I caressed her breasts, thumbing her taut, black nipples. She sighed contentedly. She looked back at Bill.

"I'm going to cum as soon as you start to enter me. You won't need to go as slow as Sam did last time."

"Slave, shouldn't you be preparing your Mistress for penetration?" Bill asked.

I pulled Shasta down for a kiss, bending her over, opening her back door. Sean started lapping her puckered opening. Bill was smearing some lube on his cock.

"That's enough, slave. Out of the way so I can fuck this beautiful ass."

Sean moved and pausing only long enough to ensure he was properly placed at the muscular ring of her rectal opening, Bill plunged right in, driving deep. Shasta spasmed, her cunt contracting in waves on my cock. Bill's prick so close next door increasing the tightness on me. I kissed her again until I saw Sam's shaft waiting above my face, then released her, telling her to suck. She grabbed Sam's cock and drew it to her mouth, opening wide to take him in. I continued to thumb the chocolate gumdrops of her nipples as she started riding our two cocks, sliding back and forth on our shafts, her clit grinding on my pubic bone.

Another choked moan as Sam's prick found the depths of her throat and she spasmed once more, tightening, releasing, tightening, repeat for more than a minute. Having all just cum, we took our time, enjoying the trembling spasms each time she orgasmed, over and over. I glanced at Sean, tears streaming down his face, suffering in Shasta's doghouse. I started thrusting harder, seeking my release, driving deep with each thrust, though I couldn't withdraw too far, grunting with each plunge. Bill was right with me, matching me lunge for lunge, filling her. Finally, with a growl deep in my throat, I froze, pulsing, pumping my seed as deep as I could. William gave another half dozen strokes before arching his back, driving deep and doing the same.

Shasta was cumming again, the fluttering clenches of her climax milking us for our cream, her own moans smothered by Sam's jetting cock. We lay, almost as if dead, Shasta softly sucking the remnants of Sam's cum, swallowing it, her throat working. The space inside her increasing as our cocks shrunk, sated. Slithering out of Shasta's leaking holes. Bill rolled off to the side, panting, allowing Shasta to move, no longer sandwiched between us. I was happy where I was. Sam got the washcloths this time while Sean started tending to his Mistress. She didn't even allow him make her cum this time, pushing him away when she felt sufficiently clean.

"I'm sorry, Mistress," he sobbed. "I won't disappoint you again."

"Who's in charge?" Shasta asked.

"You, Mistress, you're in charge."

"Who belongs to who?"

"I belong to you, Mistress."

"To ensure you don't forget it, I'm sending you back to the motel tonight while I spend the night with William and his slave. You going dry for the next week. I find my sex elsewhere."

"Please, Mistress, no. Don't send me away."

"You already forgetting who's in charge. Get out of my sight. Go sit on the bus and wait to go back."

"Yes, Mistress." Sean despondently left, dragging, hoping to hear her change her mind. She didn't.

"He obviously loves you," I said.

"He can adore the shit out of me as long as he remembers his place. I don't want no man in charge of me. I'm in charge of me. I don't want a boyfriend, I want a slave who do what I tell him. Reason I got one in the first place is so he do what I say when I say it. I may have to replace him if he insists on treating me like his girlfriend. Maybe I make him suck more cocks."

"If I might suggest we do this once more tonight," Bill said, "I'd like to do this with Evelyn. Shasta certainly enjoyed it and she isn't even a slave."

I looked at Sam and he winked at me. "I'm in," he said. "We can do my two tomorrow."

"You can count me in, but I need to say goodbye to my guests before they leave," I replied.

"I'll need a little time to recover. Perhaps some refreshments as we wait; maybe more Cristal would go down well. Shasta, would you like to accompany me?" Bill asked holding out his arm.

"Yes, thank you, kind sir. You're a gentleman for not running off as soon as you fuck me."

******

JULIA

We were about to leave the pool when Wendy called my name and came running up to me. She was just as attractive as Rhonda was and watching her run made my pussy tingle.

"What can I do for you, Wendy?" I asked.

She was breathing faster due to her run, making her breasts quiver. "I just wanted to say I appreciated the kind words you said about my sister. I know my family has been rough on her and I'm glad she has someone like you to love. It means a lot to me."

"She's very dear to me and I meant every word from the depths of my heart." I kissed her cheek and we started to move again.

"Wait! Can I ask you a question?"

"Of course," I said, shrugging my shoulders to the others to ease any impatience. "Ask away."

"What's it like to make love to a woman?"

Not the question I was expecting at that moment.

"That's not a question with a simple answer," I replied. "You're certainly at the right place to find out. Most of the women here are lesbians, or bi-sexual, and would be happy to answer that question, or even show you."

"I wouldn't know how to approach anyone to ask such a thing. I barely know anyone here except Rhonda."

"Well, all of Brianna's women have red ribbons on their collars and anyone of them would be happy to show you. Just tell them you're curious about what it's like." I smiled at her.

"If it's all right, I'd like you to show me."

"I promised Evelyn I would stay with her for awhile until she's comfortable with these gentlemen."

"Bring her along," Reneé said. "We can all kill some time with her while our Master's are fucking Evelyn."

"How old are you?" Jerry asked.

"I just turned nineteen last month," Wendy replied, shyly, trying not to stare at Jerry's obvious prick.

"Have you ever had sex before?" Chen asked.

"Kissing, petting, with boys mostly, though I did kiss a girl once."

"When you say petting, how far did that extend?"

Wendy blushed, hard to see from her complexion, but the attitude was clear.

"The boy had my bra off and was sucking on my nipples while he rubbed my pussy through my jeans," she whispered, eyes downcast.

"Did you touch his penis?" Chen asked.

"Only through his pants. I rubbed it until he climaxed," she whispered.

"Have you ever seen a naked cock before today?" Jerry asked.

She glanced quickly at his, incapable of not looking. "No," she whispered.

"What makes you think you're interested in women?" Jerry asked.

"I've always felt more attracted to girls, and cocks scare me, sir."

"Scare you how?" I asked, curious.

"They look so big and hard," Wendy said, "and look as if they'd hurt me."

She glanced at Jerry's prick again. His probably would hurt her the first time. Chen's would be the better choice for a virgin.

"Wendy," I said, and she looked at me, "we can show you what it's like to have sex with a woman, and you'll probably enjoy it because sex in all it's varieties feels good, but the only way for you to know if you're a lesbian for sure is to also have sex with a man so you can determine which is better for you. You say you're attracted to girls, but your only real sexual experience is with boys. Why would you have chosen a boy instead of a girl to make out with?"

"Partly my family. Everyone has given Rhonda such a hard time for being a lesbian, and I haven't wanted them to treat me like they do her. Partly, it's because the boys have asked me to go out, and no girl's ever asked me."

"Why haven't you asked a girl?" Reneé asked. "Surely you know some girls who were definitely into other girls? What about the girl you kissed?"

"It was a friend. We'd gone shopping together and had a wonderful time, laughing and talking up a storm. When I dropped her off at her house, I was overcome with the urge to kiss her. She was startled, and returned my kiss briefly, then stopped me, saying she could never do that again and if I was interested in a romantic relationship, she never wanted to see me again. Things have been tense between us since. I guess I'm not forward enough to ask anyone else on a date."

"You just asked me to have sex with you," I said. "Why me?"

"Well, it's not really a date, is it? You're married and you love my sister. It would just be sex and since you have sex with other women, including Rhonda, I hoped you wouldn't mind having sex with me."

"And if I wanted you to have sex with a man so you could decide which one you preferred, would you be willing to surrender your virginity tonight?" I asked.

"Whatever you decided, I'm ready to do."

We all looked at each other. "I'm not sure we should be having sex with a virgin," Jerry said. "It seems to me that your first sexual encounter should occur as a natural outcome of some sort of romantic relationship with someone and not just fucking them because you're curious."

Evelyn looked at Jerry with a newfound sense of respect.

"You don't want to fuck this gorgeous female because you think it would be wrong?" She asked

Jerry smiled down at her. "She's not old enough or experienced enough to know what she wants, unlike you, Mrs. Thornhill. I assume that despite your husband thinking you should fuck a black man or Chinese man, you wouldn't do it unless you wanted to experience it for yourself. You do have a safe word, don't you?"

"Yes."

"So as nervous as you might be about fucking me, you're curious yourself what it might be like to have my black cock thrusting into your lily white pussy?"

"Yes," Evelyn whispered.

"This child, and I'm not saying this because of your age, Wendy, I'm saying it because of your lack of experience; has barely been with anyone. Probably not anyone she was really excited about except for the girl she kissed who immediately backed her off. She's guessing what she might or might not want. Any sex she has with anyone tonight, male or female, would only be because she's curious, and not because she wanted to be with them, which should be a condition of the first time she has sex. It wouldn't be rape, because she is asking for sex, but I would consider it a type of abuse, taking advantage of an innocent."

Jerry bent over and kissed Wendy gently on the forehead. "Find someone you care about for your first sexual experience, Wendy. Don't have sex just to have sex. Have it because it's an outgrowth of how you feel about someone. Talk to Rhonda if you want to know what it's like to make love to a woman. She can tell you how she experiences it, but if you're truly interested in a girl, get a girlfriend, experiment with her."

"If all men were like you, Jerry, perhaps I wouldn't be afraid of being with one," Wendy said. "Might I ask a favor?"

"You may."

"Can I touch it? Your cock, I mean."

Jerry laughed. "Just a little," he replied.

Wendy reached out her hand and touched it. Of course, it jumped when she did. She pulled her hand back and looked at Jerry, who was smiling at her. "A little more if you want."

She wrapped her hand around it. It grew slightly, but she didn't pull away this time.

"It's warmer and smoother than I thought it would be, especially on the end."

"That's enough, Wendy. If you want to touch another one, find a nice boy your age."

She removed her hand. "Thank you. I'll think about your advice."

Wendy waved and went back to the pool.

Evelyn looked up at Jerry. "I'm not afraid of you anymore."

"I'm glad. You shouldn't be. Nice to know we're not all rapists and child molesters, isn't it?"

Evelyn smiled. "Yes, it is. I can hardly wait until you fuck me," she added.

"The feeling's mutual, Mrs. Thornhill., but be aware, it might not be much different from when your husband fucks you."

She laughed. "Doesn't mean I still don't want to fuck you both."

We reached Evelyn's room and I helped her pull down the covers on the bed.

"Can I start by sucking both of your cocks?" Evelyn asked. "Would you like me on my knees?"

"I never object to a good cock sucking," Chen said, smiling, "and on your knees is a good place to start."

"Are you good?" I asked Evelyn, smiling.

"Yes, very good, Julia."

"Then I shall play with Reneé and Janet," I said, "since you seem to be doing fine by yourself."

While I licked Janet and Reneé, Evelyn sucked Chen. He would be easy. He was shorter and thinner than her Master. She had no difficulty nor hesitation in taking him all the way in her throat. I don't know how many times Chen had climaxed today, but he easily lasted ten minutes before he released. Long enough for me to give Janet and Reneé two orgasms apiece.

Jerry's cock had shrunk some while Evelyn attended to Chen's needs, yet it was long and thick and most of all, it was black. She'd grown up with a racial bias against black people, feeling them somehow inferior to her, but she was on her knees before a black man, about to suck his cock. Presented with the reality of it, Evelyn hesitated. Then she reached out as timidly as Wendy had, and touched it, felt it move under her hand, swell and grow. I stopped licking Reneé and we watched Evelyn with her Master.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
Evelyn stroked the length of it a couple times, causing a pearly bead of pre-cum to form on the tip. Her pink tongue extended and she tasted it, licking the bead from the black head. Evelyn looked up at him and Jerry nodded, putting his hand on her head.

"Open your mouth, slave," he said, calmly. "Suck my cock."

"Yes, Master." Her mouth opened and he slid his prick inside her. He kept his hand on her head, not forcing her over his cock, merely reminding her of its presence. She slid over halfway down on her first attempt, leaving the part she'd caressed glistening with her saliva.

"Good. Deeper now," he urged. His hand moved down her cheek, caressing her face.

She went further, taking three quarters of his mast. I sat up, leaving Reneé for the moment. I crawled up the bed beside her. Evelyn's eyes were closed.

"It tastes like any other cock, doesn't it Evelyn? Steely hard and velvety soft at the same time. Responding to your touch, swelling in your mouth. Are you wet, Evelyn? Do you feel your body preparing itself to be fucked?"

Evelyn moaned. I reached down and touched her naked sex. She moaned again, dripping, her sex swollen and needy, her nipples hard nuggets. She still hadn't opened her eyes; afraid of what she might see, perhaps?

"Cup his balls, Evelyn. Feel how heavy they are, how much cum they contain?"

Her hand reaching out, touching his leg, sliding up it until she found his sack. She moaned again.

"Take him deeper, Evelyn. Swallow all of his cock."

Jerry groaned when she got most of him down her throat, swallowing to take him all. She caressed his nuts, rolling the testes in her hand.

"Just a little bit more," I urged, "and you'll have all of him."

She pulled back until only the head was in her mouth, took a couple deep breaths and drove herself down his meaty shaft, swallowing rapidly. She buried her lips in his pubic hair, fully engulfing his prick. It became easier for her. Up, down, up, down, licking the veins surrounding his stalk, lodging his plum shaped crown in her throat each time. Jerry was getting closer. Every movement, every sound he made, the twitching of his sack, warned of the eruption coming.

"Look up and open your eyes, Evelyn. Watch the man fucking your mouth," I ordered.

She looked up, opened her eyes; saw the tall, dark, hard man in front of her, one of her small, white, hands cupping his full black sack, his cock disappearing under her nose and into her mouth. Jerry smiled and released a torrent of cum into her mouth, so much she struggled to keep up with it, sucking madly to take it all, moaning all the while. For close to half a minute, his cock pulsed, gradually slowing.

"Share it with his slave," I said. "Let her taste her Master."

Reneé quickly joined us and they kissed, Evelyn passing some of his seed to her.

"Tastes just like any other cum, doesn't it, Evelyn, thick and salty."

"Yes," she gasped breathlessly. "Just like other cum."

"Now you should thank the two slaves for sharing their Masters. Lick their cunts like a good little girl."

The Masters would need a little time to recover before they could fuck her other holes. Might as well put it to good use. I offered to get refreshments for the men.

"More of that champagne for me," Jerry said. "That's great stuff."

"Same here," Chen said.

I fetched a tray with six flutes of the Cristal, walking carefully back to avoid spilling any. I met Marcia, Chantelle, Rhonda and Lisa going back to Sam's.

"What are you doing?" Lisa asked.

"I'm helping Evelyn with her fucking by Jerry and Chen, though I doubt she needs much help anymore. Her nerves calmed substantially after Jerry refused to fuck Wendy. Now, I'm just getting refreshments while everyone takes a break."

"What do you mean Jerry refused to fuck my sister, Domina?" Rhonda asked.

"Well, it's much more convoluted than that. She initially asked me to make love to her. She thinks she might be a lesbian like you. The others were pretty much ready to break her in, including me, incidentally. But Jerry pretty much showed he wasn't a heartless bastard, the rapist and pillager Evelyn feared he might be, when he found out Wendy was a virgin. He told her she should find someone her own age to fall in love with and have sex with the first time, not just have sex because she was curious and didn't know if she was a lesbian or not. He told her to talk to you if she wanted to know what sex with a woman is like. I'll tell you the whole story later. What about you?"

"Want to get more comfortable on the bed," Marcia said. "I like to lie down while I'm eating nookie."

"So Evelyn had her first black cock," Chantelle said. "How did that go?"

"Only to suck so far, but it went well. I wouldn't be surprised to find out Evelyn climaxed when he spurted in her mouth. She was so fucking wet when she was sucking him, she was dripping. Have you heard anything regarding Shasta's airtight adventure?"

"Nothing so far," Lisa said.

"I wouldn't mind watching Evelyn get fucked by Jerry," Chantelle said. "He reminds me of the black deputy I fucked in Fort Myers, a friend of Marcia's, before all this happened." She kissed Marcia.

"It will get awful crowded in her bedroom if we all go in there," I said. "There's five people in there already, six including me, although if you want to help me pleasure the two slaves, I'm sure we could squeeze you in somehow."

Chantelle got a gleam in her eye. "Do you think?"

"Well, not on the bed. It's only a king size, but there are a couple chairs in there."

Chantelle looked at Marcia. "Go ahead. Lisa and Rhonda can keep me company without you."

"Oui, merci, madame."

Chantelle helped me open the doors. When we got the room, Evelyn was between Janet's parted legs licking cunt, while Chen fucked hers from behind. I wasn't surprised. Chen was usually the first to recover after cumming. Chantelle knocked lightly to announce our presence. The three on the bed didn't care. Jerry was seated in one of the easy chairs with Reneé on his lap, kissing and caressing her. I handed them their champagne, set the tray on the bureau and took a glass myself.

"I'm sorry Chantelle, I don't have any for you."

"We have a bottle in the fridge. I can get some if I want some."

Evelyn started cumming, moaning like the slave she was as she did so.

"I'm going to switch from your cunt to your ass," Chen said. "I'm wet enough to do it without lube. Rub Janet's belly if that's okay with you?"

Evelyn rubbed tummy and Chen pulled out and eased into Evelyn's bottom. She moaned again, penetrated anew in a different location. She climaxed twice more before Chen grunted, emptying himself into her back door.

Chen smacked her bottom playfully. "You have some prime ass, Mrs. Thornhill. Your husband is a lucky man. I'll take some champagne now."

Chantelle got him a washcloth so he could clean off. I handed Chen his bubbly.

"This is great stuff. How the hell did Scott afford all this?"

"We have Evelyn's husband to thank for this. For some reason, he decided to pay for everything."

Evelyn rolled out from between Janet's legs, her face smeared with cum.

"Pays for the party and lets us fuck his wife. Your Master is a prince, slave."

I handed Evelyn a glass of Cristal. "This champagne goes very well with cum, Evelyn."

"Just like the wine last night," she laughed.

"But this goes better with girl cum. I forgot you shouldn't be drinking alcohol, Janet. Can Chantelle have your glass and I'll get you some ice water?"

"That's fine," she said as her Master helped her off the bed.

"I'll get the water," Chantelle said. "I know where everything is."

"Bring your phone," I whispered.

"Who do you want to call?" Chantelle whispered back.

"Not call, photos." I pointed to Evelyn and Jerry, his cock getting hard again. "Evelyn might appreciate a memento of her first black fucking."

Chantelle smiled and disappeared. She was back a few minutes later with ice water and her phone.

Reneé was climbing onto the bed and spreading her legs. Evelyn crawled up between them.

"Thank you for letting your Master fuck me," Evelyn said before dipping her head into Reneé's lovely, liquid folds.

"Oh, God," Reneé moaned. "You're welcome."

Jerry watched for a few minutes as his slave was pleasured, letting her enjoy Evelyn's tongue before she got distracted. Eventually, he got on the bed behind her. Placing his prick at the gate of her pussy, he slowly pushed into Evelyn's cunt. She climaxed before he was halfway in.

She squealed, then moaned, "Fuck me. Fuck me with your big, black cock."

Jerry grinned, then slammed the rest of the way inside her, making her jump. I pointed to the rutting couple and Chantelle nodded and started taking pictures, moving around them to catch the action from every angle including one from beneath his swinging sack.

After she took twenty or so pictures, I pointed to Janet and said, "You take care of her since I'm unsure if your Master wants you fucking men, I'll take care of Chen."

"I thought I was done for the night," Chen said. "I've used all three of her holes."

"If you can get hard again, Master Chen. Maybe you and Jerry can fuck her together, him in her cunt and you in her ass."

Chen grinned. "A double penetration, huh? Why not. If you suck me, I'll get hard again."

I dropped to my knees and worked on his limp prick. Within five minutes, he was ready to go.

I climbed on the bed and kissed Jerry.

"Master Jerry, Chen is erect again. Perhaps this slave would enjoy your cock in her slave cunt and Chen's cock in her ass?"

"Evelyn, would you like both of us to fuck you?" Jerry asked.

"Please, yes," she said. "I want both of you fucking me."

Jerry lay down and picked Evelyn up like she was a feather, lowering her onto his stiff shaft. "I'm cumming," she whimpered, shuddering as she sank down over his black prick. Chen climbed onto the bed behind her. Chantelle handed him some lube because Evelyn's ass was going to be a lot tighter this time around, and his cock wasn't drenched in her fluids. He spread some on her rosebud, and more over his prick.

He waited until she was climaxing again before thrusting into her bottom, increasing the tempo and intensity of her orgasmic waves. I pointed to them fucking and Chantelle took some more pictures. Evelyn was cumming easily and often given the ecstatic sounds emanating from her throat.

******

SCOTT

It took twenty minutes to say goodbye to the people who were leaving. Shasta, Sam and Bill went with me, saying our goodbyes to everyone. The buses were leaving the estate at 10:30 and they'd start back to Fresno at one the next day, giving everyone a chance to sleep late and recover from today's wild activities. I suspected most of the guests had fucked fairly frequently over the course of the day. It's hard not becoming aroused yourself when everyone around you is fucking like minks.

Shasta was staying the night with William and Jerry had his own transportation, so he could leave anytime he liked. My slaves and I were spending the night as we still had things to accomplish tomorrow, Lisa's new piercing for one. I'd probably leave around four. I didn't expect traffic back to Fresno to be particularly bad.

When I said goodbye to Wendy, she asked if I knew where Rhonda was so she say goodbye before she left. I told her I didn't know, but Sam remembered he'd told them to look for Chantelle and Marcia to keep them company, so it was possible they were at the guest house. Wendy went with us as we walked to Sam's.

As soon as we entered the house, the noises of enthusiastic fucking filled our ears. A slave was hoarsely screaming, "Fuck me. Fuck my ass. Fuck my cunt. Fuck me!"

Someone obviously was fucking her because the sounds of wet flesh slapping against wet flesh accompanied her cries. We followed the sounds of the noise and came to Bill's bedroom. As soon as we could see into the bedroom, everything was clear. Jerry was lying on the bed with Evelyn mounted on his shaft, riding him hard. Chen was lodged in her pucker, trying to keep up, largely successfully. Janet was seated in one chair with Chantelle pleasuring her and Reneé was seated in another, Julia licking her. The room stank of sex. It was obvious multiple people had cum and cum frequently. No one noticed us standing in the doorway, either facing away, or with their eyes dreamily closed.

Bill's fist clenched and his jaw tightened. It was one thing to know something was supposed to be happening and another to see it in the flesh. I pulled him back into the hall and held him against the wall.

"I know it's a hard thing to see, but this is what you wanted to happen, remember? You wanted your slave to enjoy some sex and from the sounds of it, she is. It's okay. She's a slave. Slaves enjoy sex, more than you or I may ever know. It doesn't mean she doesn't love you."

His jaw started to unclench and he relaxed his fists.

"Okay."

"We were going to provide her with a triple penetration, tonight? She's two thirds of the way there. Only her mouth is empty. Why don't you go in there and fill it for her? Make it complete?"

Bill nodded.

"You've made her happy, Bill. Make her happier yet."

Janet and Reneé had noticed the others standing in the doorway. No one else had. Wendy was goggle eyed. This might be the closest she'd ever stood to people fucking, and it was a lot of fucking. William went into the room and when he approached the bed, Chen and Jerry finally saw him. They actually had the wherewithal to slow down a little, suddenly realizing they were fucking the man's wife in front of him. Bill held his finger to his lips in the universal signal to keep quiet and encouraged them to keep going. He climbed on the bed and the first Evelyn knew he was in the room, his cock was pushing against her lips. She opened her eyes and saw her Master in front of her watching her get fucked royally.

Wide eyed, she opened her mouth and felt her Master fill it. She sighed, a smile on her face and started sucking. Bill caressed her face.

This was Sam's house, so I ignored him. He could do what he liked, but the others I nudged out the door.

"We don't have to watch," I said. "Let's look for Rhonda."

Wendy, Shasta and I found Marcia, Lisa and Rhonda in Sam's room. Rhonda was lying on the bed with Marcia riding her face and Lisa between her legs. Once again, Wendy was confronted with a close up view of sex taking place, this time with her sister at center stage.

I cleared my throat and two pairs of eyes turned to me. Rhonda was buried under Marcia's hips, so she didn't know who was there.

"Rhonda," I said, "your sister wants to say goodbye before she leaves."

Rhonda's legs snapped shut like a steel trap, and she struggled out from under Marcia. Her face was covered with cum, probably from both ladies. They all wore it like a badge of pride.

"Wendy," Rhonda said. "How are you doing?"

"Very well, thank you. Not quite as good as you apparently."

Rhonda grinned. "No, I suppose not. What's this I hear about you wanting to fuck my Domina?"

This was news to me. My ears pricked up.

"It's a long story and the bus is about to leave."

"Master, would it be okay if Wendy spends the night with us and we give her a ride home tomorrow? I think I need to spend some time talking to her. I understand she's experiencing some confusion about her sexuality."

"I have no objection. We have the big bed tonight. She does realize we sleep in the nude, I hope."

"She does now, sir."

"Tell the bus drivers they have two less returning tonight. Wendy and Shasta are both staying."

"What about Sean, Jerry and Chen and their two slaves?" Lisa asked.

"Sean is leaving. He's being punished. Jerry has his car here and he can give Chen and the slaves a lift. Tell the bus driver he can leave without Chen and Janet as well."

"Right away, sir. Wendy, stay here until I come fetch you."

"This is where all the action is. I'm unlikely to find a better show elsewhere."

Rhonda flashed a smile at her and rushed off.

Sam came back to his room. "They're still going at it. Everyone is still going at it. I lost count of how many times Evelyn orgasmed."

"Good, sir," Marcia said. "Every slave should enjoy it at least once."

"Maybe more," Sam said. "How would you like to have another one?"

"Master?"

"I'm serious. I'm beginning to think I've been less than generous with both you and Chantelle. I know it is related to my previous marriage, but you've never given me a reason to doubt how much you love me, nor has Chantelle. In addition to Brianna, Monique, and Evelyn, my two hall pass women, and all the women who have wanted to get pregnant, you've allowed me to have sex with Cindy, Julia, Lisa and just tonight, Shasta. You've been more than magnanimous in allowing me sex with other women and other than a blow job to George, the only men you've been with since our marriage are Morris, now deceased, and William. I consider it to be an uneven exchange. I may never be able to be as open as you are because of what happened with the ex, but after Scott ensured you weren't fucked by a lot of men today, I believe him to be both worthy enough and trustworthy enough to trust him with my two most precious possessions. I want him to join Bill and I in making you airtight again. I'm hoping it can happen this weekend. He said he'd give me his answer tomorrow morning. Do you want to fuck him?"

Watching her sprawled out on the bed with cum on her face and listening to Sam discuss his plans for her triple penetration had done quite a lot for my libido. I'd felt my cock growing as he spoke and when Marcia turned her eyes on me after Sam asked her if she wanted to fuck me, it made my prick twitch.

"Are you certain, Master?" Marcia asked while watching me.

"As certain as I can be over anything else in this world."

"I believe I would enjoy fucking Master Scott, sir." My cock twitched again and it was now sticking straight out from my groin. "Just out of curiosity, Master Scott. You seem interested in fucking me, and I assume Chantelle as well." She started rubbing one of her breasts, then slid her hand down to her pussy, still quite messy from riding Rhonda's face. "Why did you delay your decision until tomorrow morning?"

"I thought I should spend the day with my slaves given we've just had a bonding ceremony committing ourselves to each other. It seemed crass to consider fucking other women after that. Only their desire to do without any more cocks in their cunts or asses for the rest of the day kept me from fucking them this evening as well."

"Master, if you don't take this opportunity to fuck Marcia and Chantelle," Julia's voice behind me, "I'll think you the biggest fool in the world. If I were a man, I'd gladly surrender an arm to shove my cock into this beautiful slave. We have the rest of our lives to fuck each other. Sam could always change his mind in the future. Don't be daft. You have to fuck her."

I turned around and saw her in the doorway with Renee's cum smeared all over her face. Everyone else was crowded in the doorway, including Rhonda, returned from her task.

"She's right, Master," Lisa said from the bed. "Marcia is the most beautiful woman I've ever been with. You should surrender your man card if you don't fuck her and Chantelle."

"I might give up my left nut," Jerry said. "Listen to your slaves."

William laughed, as did Chen. Evelyn was holding her Master's arm, clinging closely to him. "You must, Master Scott. Both of them should get to enjoy what I just enjoyed."

"And me," Shasta said. "No one should be deprived of that opportunity."

"Sounds pretty unanimous to me," Rhonda said.

I turned to Lisa. "When you get your piercing, no one will be able to fuck you for three days. You're giving up the most."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
"If you don't have enough juice to fuck me once before you fuck Marcia and Chantelle, I'd be tremendously shocked. If you think I can't find someone else around here to fuck me before I have my piercing, you'd be sadly mistaken."

I turned to Sam. "I guess you have your answer, Sam. Unless you change your mind, I guess both of your slaves will be enjoying a triple penetration tomorrow."

"Très bonne, Monsieur," Chantelle said from the doorway.

"I guess I should rest up a little," I said. "Sounds like we're going to be busy tomorrow."

Shasta said, "Mrs. Thornhill, when I initially asked this favor of your husband, I offered the use of my slave to pleasure his. Unfortunately, my slave is being punished because he thinks he's my boyfriend as opposed to my slave. I apologize as I feel you should be repaid for my use of your husband. I'm willing to pleasure you but I can assure you, I'm not nearly as good at having sex with a woman as I am a man, but I will try if you wish. I've tried it a few times recently and found I can enjoy it. If you would prefer someone experienced, perhaps Sam would loan you one of his and I will serve as their replacement."

"I just got fucked by three people, arranged by my husband for my pleasure. I'm not sure I need someone to pleasure me still in repayment for what he did with you."

"Then let me do my best to pleasure you because I want to in return for your kindness to me."

She smiled at Shasta. "As long as I can return the favor to you for being a courageous and inspiring woman."

"I can work with that," Shasta said.

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 57|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-57|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<i>Both of Sam's slaves are airtight to the enjoyment of all. Two other slaves receive clitoral hood piercings. Rhonda shows her sister what lesbian love is all about. This chapter contains group sex, including multiple penetrations, oral, anal, vaginal, lesbian and interracial sex. It also contains sibling taboo sex which some people might consider incest but California does not. STD's don't exist in this fantasy and obviously, I'm also ignoring COVID 19. </i>

<b>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 57 - Sam's Slaves Airtight</b>

JULIA

I was finally going to be able to watch Master fuck the delectable Marcia. I think I was almost as excited as he was. Only the fact he had pre-cum on the tip of his cock made me think he was more excited. The thought of him using that cock on me tonight didn't bother me at all compared to earlier. Unfortunately, Master was right. Lisa wouldn't be fucked for three days after her piercing. If she wasn't still too sore, Master should fuck her as much as possible, tonight and tomorrow both.

All five of us made our way from Sam's to Brianna's bedroom, Wendy coming with. I had a sudden thought.

"Wendy, since you're thinking you might be lesbian, why didn't you take advantage of our position today to get your cunt licked? We wouldn't have known it was you as we were blindfolded."

"Too public. I didn't even have the courage to remove my clothes until nearly supper time. I almost wish now I had. It might have answered some questions for me."

"Why do you think you're a lesbian?" Rhonda asked.

"Well, the only person I truly wanted to kiss was a girl, my friend. I have to admit I'm somewhat afraid of cocks, and men in general. They seem too hard, too eager, too impatient. I think I'm interested in someone who will be gentle, and take their time with me. I was impressed by Jerry though, his advice. He looked as though he'd take his time, no slam, bam, thank you ma'am from him."

I laughed. "Everyone is capable of being kind and gentle. Given the right circumstances, Jerry can be a tiger. You should have seen him fuck Mrs. Thornhill tonight. She probably didn't think of him as particularly gentle, but I doubt she wanted gentle either."

"How do I find out who and what I am?" Wendy asked.

"The same way most people find out about somebody," Rhonda replied. "You date them, find out how well you like them. At some point, you'll realize if you want to have sex with them. And, you'll try it out and see how you do together."

"How did you and Julia meet?" Wendy asked. "She was married. I can't imagine you dating her."

Rhonda laughed. "No dates, no moonlit walks, or candlelight dinners, no furtive kisses in the back seat of a car. She whipped me on a bet. Made me cum and I had to submit to her for a day."

"She whipped you," Wendy whispered. "How? Where?"

We'd gotten to Brianna's room. 

"You can finish your story after we've showered," Master said. "We all stink of sex at the moment. Wendy, you may take a shower with your sister or shower alone."

"I can shower with Rhonda," Wendy replied. 

Master told Rhonda to wait until we were all together again before she finished her story. It wasn't until we were all in bed again that Rhonda continued. Rhonda and Wendy were facing each other on their sides, heads propped up on a hand. I was stroking my slaves bottom. I loved her ass.

"Everyone was hiding out at a friends house after Master's house got shot up. I'd responded to the attack and I was interested in dating their friend, Lucia, who wasn't pregnant at the time or just pregnant. She was tough, pretty, the kind of woman I'm attracted to, but she told me she was a submissive and she was owned by Brianna, the woman who owns this house. She was perfectly willing to have sex with me, but told me she could never be my romantic interest due to her submission to her Mistress. I couldn't conceive how someone so tough, so competent, could be a sex slave. It made no sense to me. Lucia was allowed to have sex with me and I spent a lot of time with her at Master's house to be with her. I was trying to understand her and why she'd want to do something like this. 

"One night, Chen and Janet come over so Master could show Chen how slaves should be punished so it's reasonable. Both Domina and Janet were paddled and whipped, both of them cumming during the process. I accused Domina of being a masochist because she orgasmed from being whipped. She denied she was one and said she'd prove it to me. She said if she gave me an orgasm while whipping me, I had to serve as her slave for a day. If she didn't, she'd serve Lucia and I as our personal sex toy for a week. I lost. When my twenty-four hours was up, I didn't want to stop. I became her temporary slave for a month to see how it worked out for everyone, then her permanent slave when it worked out well."

"You climaxed from a whipping?" Wendy asked. "It's hard to believe."

"Don't make a bet with Domina. You might find yourself wearing a collar as well."

"I've always believed Rhonda was a slave at heart," I said. "I believed part of her attraction to Lucia was she was not only the perfect lesbian slave, but tough as nails. Since Lucia could still be tough, but submit, it gave Rhonda permission to submit as well. She only needed to maintain her toughness for her job. She could surrender when she wasn't."

"That's probably true," Rhonda admitted. "I always had to be tougher than anyone on the job; prove I was as good as any man. It didn't allow me to explore my feminine side except for sex. I had to always be the tough one, the butch one. Lucia didn't take shit from anyone, but was fully able to submit to someone else when she didn't have to be tough."

"How did you discover you were a lesbian?" Wendy asked.

"High school, another girl on the basketball team. I mean, I wasn't interested in boys anyway, but when she kissed me, I thought, this is what I want."

"Like when I kissed my friend?"

"I don't know. Maybe kissing your friend was an outgrowth of the good time you were having and the warm feelings from that good time. I'd never been interested in boys, never even kissed one. I was a gold star lesbian before Domina made me suck Master's cock the first time."

"And now you fuck him too?"

"He's my Master through Domina. Like any sex slave, all of my body is his to possess."

"Do you like fucking him?"

"Not as much as I like cunt, but I enjoy any kind of sex. Like Lisa and Julia, I want and need sex all the time. Sometimes, that sex comes from Master, most of the time it comes from women."

"Can I watch you and Julia have sex? See what it's like for two women to fuck each other?"

Rhonda looked back at me. "I have no objection," I replied. "You get on the bottom. Master, may I cum?"

"Ask me again when you need to cum, slave."

"It won't take long."

"I imagine not."

Rhonda lay down on her back and I climbed over her in a sixty-nine. "Don't lick my cunt just yet," I ordered. "Just kiss around me like you're trying to seduce me. I'd like to discuss this with Wendy since she's unsure about her sexuality."

Rhonda started kissing my thighs, staying away from my cunt, already starting to drip in anticipation.

"Sometimes, we need to cum quickly, we're so desperate and as slaves, we orgasm easily. I'm always ready to fuck. Master can stick his cock in me any time he wishes, so I'm always wet. Show her, slave."

Running a finger through my pouting slit, Rhonda showed the evidence of my arousal to Wendy. 

"Your sister is very good at making me cum. Probably less than a couple of minutes if she tries. Master, you need to make a decision now, because I want her to make me orgasm as fast as she can and I don't wish to delay to ask permission."

"Fine," Master said. "You can cum once fast."

"Make me cum, slave," I ordered. I spasmed in less than two minutes, coating my slaves face in my juices. I told her to stop, even before the waves had ended.

"We don't always want or need to cum so quickly. We want to take our time with each other. It's not just fucking then. I want to make love to her because I love her, so I'll tease her and won't let her climax. You're not to cum without permission," I ordered.

I started my seduction of Rhonda, taking my time, going slow, not even using my fingers on her. Five minutes later, she was panting and moaning, but still hadn't released. Her cunt was untouched yet, though dripping as mine was. Wendy was intent, watching, unconscious of her hand sliding down to her own sex, lightly rubbing the outer surface. For the first time, I allowed my lips and tongue to delicately touch her liquid folds, though not with enough pressure to make her cum, especially as I was staying away from her clit, peeking from her hood. Looking at her this way, I suddenly wanted her to be pierced as I was and Lisa would be. Rhonda started thrusting her hips at my face trying to force her orgasm from me.

"Hold still, slut," I ordered. "You don't have permission to cum yet."

"Please, Domina. I need to cum now. You're driving me crazy."

Apparently, I was driving Wendy crazy as well, or at least our show was. She was no longer rubbing just the outside of her pussy. Two fingers were sliding through the slickness of her own slit. I believed she was unconscious of it, she was paying such close attention to us. 

Another four minutes of my attention on Rhonda had her in a dither. Her fists were clenched, the muscles in her legs in high definition as she struggled not to thrust against my mouth. Her abs were fluttering, she was so close. I still hadn't touched her clit, a tiny spike now, screaming for attention.

"Cum," I ordered, just before sucking on her clitoris.

"Auuggghh, fuck!" Rhonda moaned, her back arched, thrusting her sex against me, cumming so hard.

My command apparently worked on Wendy as well. Two of her fingers were buried in her sheath, pumping in and out. "Oh, oh, oh, oh," she cried, realizing suddenly what she was doing, unable to do anything about it but orgasm herself.

My face now covered in Rhonda's cum, I lifted my head up and said, "That's what it's like to make love to another woman."

Wendy continued spasming, her fingers squishing in her young pussy, panting, a string of "ohs" still issuing from her mouth. It took more than a minute before she got hold of herself and withdrew her fingers, embarrassed to have masturbated in front of all of us.

"I'm sorry," she whispered. "I couldn't help myself. Now, I can't wait to have sex with a woman."

Master was sporting an erection, not immune himself to the show the three of us had put on.

"I don't want you to think that's the only way to enjoy sex with someone else," I said. "Sex between men and women can be just as beautiful and extraordinary. My Master and Lisa can show you. She needs to have sex with him now before she gets pierced tomorrow. After, she won't be able to have sex for three days. That's very difficult for sex slaves like us. Will you show her, sir?"

"Lisa," Master asked, "are you ready to accept a cock again."

"Please, sir. Very much."

"Why don't you ride me so you control how fast and hard you go?"

"Yes, Master. May I cum, please?"

"As much as you want."

Master lay on his back, his cock spring up from his groin, hard and straight. Lisa swung over his hips and placed his cock at the entrance of her cunt. Very slowly, she slid down his pole, cumming before she reached bottom. She'd enjoyed the show as well. When she raised back up, Master's prick glistened from her juices. She kept it nice and slow at the beginning, perhaps still slightly sore from the days activities. It didn't stop her from cumming though. Perhaps the endorphins released by her orgasms, or the slickness of her cunt, or just an overall easing of her soreness, Lisa started going faster. Wendy's eyes grew wider as she watched.

"Wendy, you're among friends," I said. "If you need to touch yourself again, no one will care."

She looked gratefully at me and immediately put two fingers in her sheath again, slowly moving them in and out, about half the speed with which Lisa was riding Master's prick. Rhonda and I kissed and petted one another as Lisa got fucked. It took twenty minutes for Master to cum after all the fucking he'd done this evening. His cock was soaked in Lisa's juices. She'd cum six times. Wendy's fingers had brought her to two more orgasms. I cleaned off Master's cock while Rhonda cleaned Lisa. 

"What did you think of the heterosexual sex compared to the lesbian sex?" I asked Wendy.

"It was just as beautiful and arousing as you and my sister," she replied. "Perhaps I'm not a lesbian after all."

"It may be you'll be one of those people who are equally comfortable with both men and women," Rhonda said. 

"Watching you made me want to have sex," Wendy said. "Both kinds."

"Jerry was right though," I said. "Since you are a virgin, you should wait and do it with someone you care for, not just anyone to get it over with."

"I care for all of you," she said. "You make Rhonda happy and that makes me happy."

"It's not the same," Master said. "Liking someone and loving someone is different."

"You all are fucking people you don't love. I bet you don't love even half the people today who fucked you."

She was right, of course. I loved four people in the way Master meant. My Master, my two sister slaves and my son. After that, came my parents. I was quite fond of Lucia and Zoe. I was becoming better friends with Shasta and beginning to accept her dominance over me in the work place. That left a lot of other people who'd fucked me recently I merely liked, some I didn't even know, like Lester and Rodrigo. But there was a difference.

"You're right. I didn't love all the people who fucked me today, but I wasn't surrendering myself for the first time to any of them. I wasn't a virgin, and I wasn't being fucked for the first time. I'd been with both men and women before and experienced all of it at one time or another, exclusively with my loved ones first, not a bunch of strangers. 

"I really liked the boy to took my virginity and I spent ten years fucking only my husband and loving only him before I began my slavery and learning who I am. What I did today was not necessarily what I would have chosen for myself. I enjoyed it. I always enjoy sex because of who I am, but I did it because I love my Master. He wanted me to do it, and so I did, submitting my will to his. It was an act of love on his part to give it to me and an act of love on mine to accept it. The rest was just fucking. Until you've experienced all the things I've done, you wouldn't place yourself on that platform the way I was. You wouldn't enjoy it. Don't believe our situations are similar because we're both women. I've got fourteen more years of experience with sex than you do."

"What if no one wants to have sex with me?"

"Wendy, don't be foolish," Rhonda said. "You're a lovely, young woman. There will be lots of boys and girls who will want to have sex with you. The problem will be picking the right ones. Ones who care for you and want to see your needs and desires are met. Who won't abuse you and lie and cheat and will treat you as you should be treated. Ones you want to be with as much as they want to be with you."

"Wendy, I'm going to tell you something which must remain a secret, kept from the rest of your family," I said. "If they know, it might damage their already poor relationship with Rhonda."

She looked at her sister. The rest of them were looking at me, wondering where I was going with this.

"Jerry said you should find someone you love to teach you about sex. Would you agree it was sound advice?"

"I guess."

"There is already someone you love here, in this room, that can teach you about one kind of sex."

Her eyes darted to Master, misunderstanding me and knowing she didn't love him. She hardly knew him.

"Not my Master," I said softly.

She looked at me, then Lisa, and finally Rhonda, her eyes going wide when she realized what I meant. 

"Rhonda?" she whispered. 

"Did you know that one of the women I licked today was my mother?"

Wendy shook her head no, still goggle eyed.

"There is nothing illegal in the State of California about having sex with your sister. Having vaginal sex with your brother or father is a criminal offense, but not oral sex with your sister."

"Is that true?" She asked Rhonda.

"It's not illegal, though many people might consider it immoral. Mom and Dad certainly would. They'd disown us both if they ever thought we were having sex with each other."

"Would...would you teach me?" Wendy whispered, shivering.

Rhonda looked at me, bewildered. "Domina?" She asked, not asking anything, yet asking everything.

"I would never order you to have sex with Wendy," I said, "nor encourage Wendy to have sex with you. It seems to me it's a very personal matter between both of you. I merely point it out as an option for someone who's wondering about her sexuality and wanting to have someone who loves her to show her what it's like."

"All of my family but you have nearly disowned me, Wendy," Rhonda said. "I barely speak to anyone anymore. If we do this, you run the risk of being cut off from the rest of them, never speaking to them again, or even seeing them, never seeing your nieces or nephews again. Think very carefully. Is that a risk you want to take?"

"I...I don't know." She thought for a moment. "But if Julia or Lisa shows me, they wouldn't consider it incest would they?"

"No, not incest, but still immoral. You would be having sex with women like I do, possibly a married woman to boot, who is having sex with someone other than her husband. They would blame me for involving you with my circle of 'depraved friends'. They would treat you as they do me. Even when I wasn't a submissive, I was 'sick' for wanting to have sex with women. I'm more depraved now for being a sex slave to a white woman who's married. I let myself be bound and tied. I wear a collar. I'm spanked, paddled and whipped. I lick cunts and suck cocks. I get fucked in the ass. My nipples and cunt are pierced and I wear slave emblems. I'm a pariah to our parents. Associating with me will make you a pariah too, even if we don't have sex."

Wendy thought some more.

"I still believe I'm more attracted to women than men. If I'm going to be an outcast anyway, I'd prefer to learn from you."

Rhonda looked at me again. 

I stroked her cheek. "It's your sister, slave. It's not up to me what you decide."

Rhonda leaned up to kiss me, softly engaging my lips, then turned, facing Wendy, holding her arms out. "Come here, Wendy. We'll begin by kissing. You tell me when you're ready for more."

"Could we turn out the lights?" Wendy asked. "I'm feeling shy at the thought of an audience."

Master smiled and turned out the lamp. Lisa and I snuggled close to Master to give them more room. The soft sounds of kissing beside us. In less than twenty minutes, we heard Wendy gasping in orgasm, softly, trying to be quiet. I felt for Master's cock, finding it hard and Lisa's hand already on it, lightly stroking him. I shifted down, lowering my mouth over his shaft, gently sucking as Lisa stroked, until he pulsed in my mouth, flooding me with his cum, swallowing. I fell asleep as Wendy whimpered for the third time.

******

SCOTT

When I woke up the next morning, it was Wendy between Rhonda's legs. They were trying to be quiet, and mostly succeeding. Some light filtered through the curtains, dim light, but enough to see the cum on Wendy's face as she lapped at her sister's folds. I felt my cock stirring at the sight. 

"Good morning, Master," Julia whispered, putting her hand on my prick; Wendy and Rhonda ignoring us.

"How long have you been awake," I whispered.

--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"Long enough to become horny," she said.

"You're horny all the time."

"More horny, then."

I smiled at her. 

"Unfortunately, you have to fuck Lisa again, but if you wanted to lick me after, I wouldn't object."

Rhonda was cumming, though in many ways it seemed like an unsatisfactory orgasm. Not nearly the moaning one heard from her when she climaxed.

Wendy sat up. "Shit! I don't know what I'm doing. I'm a fucking failure licking cunt. How can I be a lesbian if I don't know what I'm doing?"

"You made me cum," Rhonda said. "It wasn't all that bad."

"You made me orgasm five times last night in half the time. I barely got one out of you. You screamed when Julia made you cum."

"Do you think either one of us was that good the first time we licked pussy?" Rhonda said. "I've been practicing for years and Domina licks pussy three or more times a day and has for a year. She sucks cock better than I do because she's been doing it longer. You'll get better."

Lisa was sitting up, finally awake after Wendy's loud exclamation. She rubbed her eyes.

"Show her Julia," Lisa said, yawning. 

"Fine, but you can't dawdle and watch. You have to fuck Master because I'm starving after yesterday and need to eat breakfast."

"He isn't hard yet," she complained.

"When has that ever stopped you before," Julia replied. "You know how to get him hard as well as I do. Maybe Wendy would appreciate a little cock sucking instruction as well as lessons on licking pussy."

"Fine, don't even let a girl wake up. Give me your cock, Master."

"You want me to hand it to you?" I said, laughing.

"No, just lie down so I can reach it," Lisa quipped back.

"Pay attention, Wendy," I said. "If you can suck cock, you can get boys to leave your pussy alone and you need never worry about getting pregnant if you're not on birth control."

"Are you on birth control?" Rhonda asked.

"No," she replied.

"Thank God you're not fucking. Ask Shasta what it's like raising a child by herself."

Lisa was kneeling over my shaft and taking me into her mouth. She soon had all of it down her throat, even as I grew within her. 

"Slow down, Lisa," Julia said. "A little instruction isn't a bad idea. Wendy, the secret to all oral sex is paying attention to what the other person's body is telling you. Man or woman, you'll start to recognize the signals which tell you you're doing a good job. Their breathing, their movements, the sounds they make, all inform you if you're arousing them. As a general rule, you don't want to use teeth, although when applied gently, it can be very erotic. 

"You can feel their bodies tighten as they get closer to orgasm. You can hear the catch in their breath when you do something that takes their breath away. You need to remember those things with each person and do them again, though never constantly. Nothing about sex should be rote memory. Insert tab A into slot B and lick nipple C may work one time, but not the next and it may be completely different for another person. Learn to read the person you're pleasuring. When Lisa started, she was just trying to get Master hard enough to fuck, but if she were giving him an actual blow job, she would approach everything differently.

"Lisa, suck Master like you want him to cum in your mouth."

"Isn't that yucky?" Wendy asked.

"I used to think so before my slavery started. I rarely sucked Master to completion. Maybe on his birthday or our anniversary. I learned to love the taste of his cum though. For the first week of my slavery, I didn't get to cum unless I swallowed Master's sperm every morning. I didn't even get clothes to wear. If you don't love the taste of cum, man or woman, you don't want to be a sex slave. We'll suck Master's cock after he's fucked us, and suck his cum out of each other's cunt."

Lisa had completely changed the way she was sucking my cock. It was exquisite and if she kept it up for long, she would drain me. Julia was explaining in detail everything Lisa was doing to my prick. 

"I'm going to cum soon if you keep that up and I'll neglect your pussy," I warned.

"That's enough, Lisa. We can continue the instruction later, perhaps after Master has cum already and isn't so eager."

Lisa knelt on the bed so I could fuck her doggy style. She was facing the other trio, so she could watch them. So could I. I plunged inside her slick tunnel. Julia turned back to Wendy. 

"Now, I'm going to lick my slave's delicious cunt again. I'll try to explain what I'm doing when I'm doing it, but pay attention to Rhonda. What does she seem to like, what does she seem indifferent to? Having your pussy licked all feels good, but some things will feel better than others and if you do it badly, it might even be painful. I know what she likes and doesn't like, but I'll try to pretend I don't know and I'm doing it for the first time.

"We have some time. I'm not in a rush to make her cum, nor is she desperate. We're doing it for fun and pleasure. I want you to think for a minute. What did you like when Rhonda was licking you?"

"Well, when she was licking and sucking on my clitoris," Wendy said, shyly.

"Did she do it right away? The first thing she did was lick your clit?"

"No. It was a while before she did it."

"Okay, the clit is important, and you shouldn't neglect it, but everyone is different. Some people don't like having their clit directly stimulated. Sometimes they want the area around it stimulated instead. Their clit might be too sensitive. When you masturbate, do you immediately start rubbing your clit? Describe what you do to yourself?"

"No, I usually start by rubbing the outside of my mons, than I'll slide my fingers through the wetness building up inside my lips. Usually, I'll stick a finger or two into my vagina next in a fucking motion. Sometimes, that's enough to get me off. Other times, I'll start rubbing alongside my clit at the same time or move my fingers back and forth from my hole to my clit."

Julia ran her fingernails lightly along Rhonda's thighs from mid thigh to near her sex. 

"This area is very important. A lot of things start going on with a woman's body when someone touches you there. Your nipples will usually get hard." She pointed to Rhonda's nipples, which were pebbling, standing up like tiny spikes on her breasts. "Your vaginal juices will start to flow. Your body is generally preparing for sex, fucking specifically. It knows a touch here means something important is going to happen soon. I like to start by touching someone here, to get the engine revving, so's to speak." 

Julia ran a hand up Rhonda's inner thigh. "I can use a hand, or fingers, or my lips, or my tongue, even take tiny nibbles with my teeth." Rhonda's legs actually parted slightly more, perhaps unconsciously. She also moaned for the first time, though not the last.

Julia knelt between Rhonda's legs and started kissing up from her knees to her sex. "A lot of times, I'll even ignore her pussy for awhile, let the anticipation build. I'll touch her here," stroking the upper part of her thigh, "here," the lower part of her belly and top of her mons, "here," the sides of her hips, "or here," the lower part of her buttocks. 

"I might even skip back and forth between her breasts and these other areas until her little pussy is almost begging to be touched." 

Julia demonstrated the technique, teasing Rhonda's nipples with her tongue, kissing her way down her belly, then starting again at her knees skipping over her sex when she reached the pubic area. Rhonda was starting to squirm a little, almost trying to thrust her sex in the path of Julia's mouth, but Julia was too adept to be tricked into giving Rhonda what she wanted. Rhonda's cunt was flowering, and even though she was usually slick with wetness, beads of her fluids were starting to form. Her clit had started poking out from her hood.

I was fucking Lisa harder. We were both entranced by the instruction, even though we'd both been recipients of Julia's seductive skills before.

"We both know the sex is going to occur, but there's no rush to get to it. When I do decide to touch her sex, I'm not going to gobble her vagina. Light kisses, tiny licks, soft nibbles work much better."

She demonstrated that, barely touching Rhonda's pouty lips, making Rhonda jump at the light touches, hoping for more pressure, arching her hips, hoping for more. Julia laughed, ignoring Rhonda's silent plea.

"If I use a finger, I'll usually start with just one. I don't want Rhonda to feel the fullness of a cock or two or three fingers. I'm still teasing."

Julia slid her long middle finger into Rhonda's molten cavern and she moaned again. It emerged soaked and it went back in accompanied by Rhonda's throaty purr.

"On the inside of the vaginal canal, on the top, in approximately this location," she pointed to the outside, "is the g-spot. It has the second largest bundle of nerves of the vagina besides the clit. If you crook your finger just a little," and she crooked the finger of her other hand to demonstrate, "you can feel a slightly rougher spot on the sheath. That's the spot. Now I could make your sister cum by stimulating that alone, but it works much better when I do it in concert to continued oral stimulation to the outside. As she gets closer to orgasm, I might also stick one or two more fingers in her to make her feel more filled. I can lick her slit, lick around her clit. I can lick around her asshole or this area between the rectum and vagina known as the perineum or 'taint'."

Julia demonstrated all of it to Wendy. Rhonda was really wriggling now. Her moans were fairly constant as Julia played her body like an instrument. 

"Sometimes, I might use another finger to play with her asshole a little, especially if she's leaking like now and her fluids are lubricating the area."

Julia used the little finger of the same hand to slip between the muscular ring. "It's fragile tissue inside so you want to be careful with your fingernails." 

Rhonda arched her hips, trying to drive it deeper in her bottom.

"Rhonda is very stimulated and wishes to cum very much right now, don't you slave?"

"Yes, Domina. I need to cum very badly."

"Wendy, have you noticed how her body's been moving as I've played with her; her moans, the hips arching, the fluttering of her abdominal muscles, the tensing of her leg muscles. See how the tendons are standing out on her legs, almost as if she's flexing. Her body is tightening up, almost begging for release."

"Yes. She looks ready to explode."

I was exploding. I grunted and arched into Lisa, groaning myself as I loosed a flood of cum deep in her cunt. Lisa had cum several times herself, and orgasmed with me this time.

"Many times," Julia continued, "I won't touch her clit until I'm ready for her to cum. It will be like a trigger. Sometimes I'll tell her to cum when I touch it like I did last night, because she has to have my permission to cum. Other times I'll tell her she can't cum and then I'll do everything in my power to make her cum as she strains to obey my commands. If she cums, she has to be punished, for disobeying me. I like to punish her sometimes for being disobedient even though she can't help herself when she cums, can you slave?"

"Yes, Domina. You make me cum even though I try not to."

"This usually makes her orgasm better because she's tried so hard not to, that when she does, she cums even harder and longer than she would have if I let her cum. Am I right, slave?"

"Yes, Domina. Please let me cum," Rhonda whimpered. "I'm begging you."

Wendy was watching in amazement as her tough, older, police officer sister begged to cum. I was used to it from seeing it many times before, but I was seeing it through Wendy's eyes at the moment and enjoying it.

"Maybe you can cum. Perhaps I'll leave it up to Wendy. I'm going to suck on your clit now and if Wendy gives you permission to cum, you can cum. If she doesn't, too bad."

"Wait," Wendy said. "Will she be punished if she cums and I don't give her permission?"

"Of course," Julia said. "Slaves are punished for disobedience."

"What will happen to her?"

"A spanking on her bare ass. I'll probably do it in front of other slaves so they see what happens if a slave is disobedient."

Julia bent down and started nibbling on her pouting labia, licking up her slit and then sucking on her nubbin while sawing two fingers in and out of her leaking pussy.

Rhonda was gasping, straining, knowing she was fighting a losing battle. 

"Please let me cum, Wendy. I'm begging you, let me cum. I'll lick your cunt to six orgasms, please."

I don't know if it was the first time Rhonda had begged her younger sister for anything, but Wendy was feeling a rush of power and control over her older sister she'd never felt before. She took on a slight grin and watched as Rhonda squirmed under Julia's talented tongue and fingers. Rhonda was doomed. She actually lasted longer than I thought she would. Maybe a couple more minutes but no longer. Her body was as tight as a spring, nearly every muscle straining to hold her orgasm back. When the spring broke, it was monumental.

"Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! I'm cumming," her hips humping up against Julia's mouth, utterly surrendering to her pleasure. "Oh! Oh! God! I'm cumming. Fuck!"

Wendy was watching in amazement. She'd seen my slaves cumming during the ceremony, Evelyn cumming from her triple fucking last night, watched Lisa and I fuck twice and Rhonda and Julia cumming during a sixty-nine last night, but maybe never seen something so explosive, so closely. Her sister had been turned into a big puddle of pudding, a complete and total slave right in front of her eyes.

Rhonda's eyes were closed and she was gasping, breathless, wrung out from the intensity of her orgasm. Julia sat up, pulling her fingers from Rhonda's pussy, drenched, and her face a mask of cum.

"This can be done to anyone, Wendy. It takes practice and skill, but you can learn it if you want. Of course, now Rhonda has orgasmed, more orgasms are easier. She's been primed for more pleasure. Why don't you be a dear and lick her cunt now, clean up some of the mess and give her another one? Practice what you just saw and it should be a little easier than it was earlier. I need to clean Master's cock and Lisa's cunt."

Julia smiled at me and started sucking my cock, cleaning me after I'd fucked her sister slave. When she was done with me, she started on Lisa. Before Lisa was tidy, Rhonda was cumming again, this time on the tongue of her sister. Apparently, Wendy was a fast learner.

******

JULIA 

Master was kind enough to lick me to three orgasms when I was done with Lisa. I held Rhonda's hand as both of us spasmed under artful tongues. I was famished and wanted to eat. Yesterday had taken quite a toll on my reserves of energy. I think both of the other slaves were starving as well. Master didn't even bother feeding us we wanted to shovel food so fast. I had the equivalent of two normal breakfasts when I ate.

All of the additional guests were gone with the exception of Shasta and Wendy. Shasta was sitting with William and Evelyn and they were chatting quite amiably. Shasta winked at me and gave me a quick thumbs up, so whatever had happened had been to her liking.

Chantelle was sitting with Marcia and Sam, so she hadn't worked to prepare breakfast this morning. Marcia and Chantelle kept glancing at Master and William, so I guessed Sam was still planning to go forth with their triple penetration. 

When everyone had finished breakfast, before everyone wandered off to do whatever they planned for the day, I announced, "I am in possession of a disobedient slave who climaxed without permission this morning. I'm going to be administering punishment in the living room. Some of you may wish to bear witness to her punishment."

"Do you need a paddle?" Monique asked. 

"Thank you, no. My hand will be sufficient."

As it turned out, most everyone wanted to watch. Squirming naked slave girls being punished being a source of some amusement and entertainment to both Dominants and submissives. It was the first time I'd be punishing my slave in front of such a large audience, and of course, I wanted to do it right. All of us had been punished here by Master's father, even Master, when Dan found out about Cindy's sexual activities. Dan had a heavy hand and I felt I had to live up to his example. Because I felt I might be striking her harder than usual, I didn't want to use a paddle as I'd have no feedback for what she was feeling. She hadn't done anything worse than cum and most slaves orgasmed without permission on occasion. Master's wanted them to, just as I'd wanted Rhonda to, though leaving it up to Wendy.

I took my place in the large chair and had Rhonda go over my lap with her hands and feet touching the floor and her magnificent bottom thrust into the air. I noticed Wendy was sitting cross legged on the floor a few feet from me, wanting to see her sister be spanked at close range. She was responsible, so I had no problem with her being close so she could see the results of denying Rhonda her orgasm.

"You are being given thirty strokes with my hand for cumming without permission," I said. "You must count out each stroke and thank me for each one. Your hands and feet are not to leave the floor and your buttocks are to remain raised at all times. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Domina."

I smacked her bottom as hard as I'd ever hit her with my bare hand before. The sound was loud in the room, everyone quiet. Rhonda had been prepared, so no more than a weak whimper escaped her lips. Wendy appeared to be surprised by how hard I'd struck her. Her eyes widened to witness it.

"One, thank you, Domina."

I waited for a few moments, then swatted her again, just as hard. Rhonda's ass rocked under my hand. My hand was going to be sore before I was done.

"Two, thank you, Domina."

By ten strokes, Rhonda was silently crying and groaning slightly with each blow. Wendy appeared dismayed. She was rocking back and forth with each swat, closing her eyes when each one fell.

When I reached nineteen, Wendy shouted, "Stop."

"Why should I stop?" I asked. 

"It was my fault."

"How was it your fault? Did you disobey me by cumming?"

"No, it was my fault for not letting her orgasm."

"You knew she would be punished if she orgasmed. She begged to cum. Every action has consequences. Why didn't you let her climax?"

"I didn't think it would be this bad. I thought it would be more playful and not this painful."

"Are you saying you thought it would be fun if your sister suffered, but it's not fun if she suffers this much?"

"Yes. I need you to stop."

"Would you be willing to take the rest of them for her?"

Wendy got this steely look in her eyes. "Yes. I'll take the rest of them for her."

"Is this acceptable to you, Rhonda? Are you willing to let your sister take the rest of your spanking for you?"

"No, Domina. Give the rest to me."

"There's your answer, Wendy."

"Please Rhonda, it's my fault. Let me take the rest for you. I'm sorry. Please, I'm begging you."

"Just like I begged you, Wendy? Give me eleven more, Domina. I'm ready."

"I love you, Rhonda," I said, giving her number twenty.

"Twenty, thank you, Domina."

"Please, stop," Wendy begged. "Please, it's my fault. I'm so sorry."

Actually, Rhonda was probably close to cumming. I leaned down and whispered, "You have my permission to cum, slave."

I pushed two fingers into her cunt and with a couple pumps, she spasmed, squirming. The next ten swats would be substantially easier. As soon as her orgasm burned its way through her, I gave her the last ten, somewhat lighter and more quickly than the first twenty. Wendy was crying herself, probably more than Rhonda. Finished, I told Wendy to put her hand on her sister's bottom and made her feel how hot it was. After she did, I allowed Rhonda to kneel and I kissed her, caressing her face.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"Monique, you have the cream available for soothing the bottoms of punished slaves?"

"Of course." She handed me a jar of the ointment.

I handed the jar to Wendy. "Bring your sister to our room and put some of this on her buttocks. It will help ease the pain she feels. Rhonda, I'd like you to spend some time with Lucia before you leave. You haven't had much of an opportunity this trip. You may stay with her until lunch. Wendy, I want you with me so I can keep an eye on you while your sister is busy. Return here."

"Yes, Domina," Rhonda replied. They disappeared. 

I got up, asked Lisa to join me, and approached Sam and his two slaves. Reaching him, I dropped to my knees as a slave should when addressing a Master. Lisa was right behind me.

"Master Sam, is it still your intent to allow your slaves to enjoy a triple penetration today?"

"It is," he smiled at me, squeezing Marcia's and Chantelle's hand.

"If it please you, sir, we'd like to witness my Master fucking your two slaves. I shall keep them tidy for you if I may."

"I think that would please me very much."

"Thank you, sir."

"Speaking of which, we should probably get started shortly," Sam said.

"If you would be so kind a wait a couple minutes, I'm waiting for Wendy to return from applying salve to her sister's ass, sir. I'd like to keep an eye on her for my slave."

"We can definitely wait a few minutes," he replied. "Chantelle, would there be anymore of the Cristal left we can use for post fucking refreshments?"

"Oui, Monsieur. We have several bottles left."

"Let's remember to bring three or four bottles with us. It looks to be quite the party viewing us. We're sure to get thirsty today and Julia did say it went well with cum."

"I did, Master Sam. It's quite delicious with cum," replying with a saucy grin.

Ten minutes later, Wendy returned. Her eyes were still wet and red from crying. I was still kneeling near Master Sam when she arrived. Seeing Lisa and I kneeling in front of him, she dropped to her knees too, though not quite as lasciviously displayed as we were. Her knees were together.

"Don't kneel," I ordered, "you're not a slave."

She hastily stood up, standing with her hands clasped in front of her. 

"This is a member of Rhonda's family, isn't she?" Sam asked. "I recall her from the ceremony yesterday."

"Yes, Master Sam. This is Wendy, Rhonda's youngest sister. She's nineteen and still a virgin. She had something she wished to discuss with Rhonda last night and missed the bus. I feel I should keep an eye on her and make sure she doesn't get into trouble. Wendy, this is Master Sam and his two slaves, Marcia, his wife, and their lover, Chantelle. Marcia is a law enforcement officer like Rhonda. Chantelle is the cook who made all or most of our food yesterday. Master Sam does investments for the estate."

"Hello," Wendy said, shyly.

Sam stood to shake her hand. Since he was planning to have sex shortly and sitting with his two lovely slaves, some blood was now flowing to his cock and while he wasn't sporting an erection, his cock was showing a hint of what it would become. Wendy glanced at it, realized what she was doing and hastily looked up. While Sam noticed, he didn't make reference to it, assuming rightly she would be embarrassed by it.

"I'm pleased to make your acquaintance, Wendy. You must feel a little out of place here."

"I was very nervous when I arrived. I'm becoming more comfortable since. It's actually quite freeing to be naked all the time, isn't it?"

"We find it to be very pleasant, yes."

"Might I say you have very beautiful slaves, Sam."

"You might. I certainly believe so."

"Wendy is uncertain of her sexual identity," I said. "It's what she wished to discuss with her sister. She's only made out and petted with a boy and kissed a girl. She felt more attracted to the girl, though the girl couldn't or didn't return her affections. Her parents are adamantly opposed to lesbianism in any way, so she felt Rhonda was the only one she could speak to."

"Many of the women here have had the same issues," Chantelle said. "I was afraid to tell my parents when I was Brianna's slave. They now know I'm in a relationship with a man and woman, but I was initially afraid of Papa finding out, though I felt Maman would not care as much."

"What's it like having sex with both a man and a woman?"

"For me, I enjoy it very much. I love a nice hard prick and the softness of a woman. To me, it is the best of both worlds. I am very content and very much in love with both of my amours."

"Where are you from? You're foreign aren't you, from your accent."

"I'm from Guadeloupe, a French speaking island in the Caribbean."

"You're very beautiful."

"Thank you. You are as well."

"Do you get punished if you're disobedient?"

"All slaves are punished if they are disobedient, enfant."

"I'm not an infant," Wendy protested. "I'm nineteen."

"Not infant, enfant, French for child, by which I mean you're not yet a woman, merely a fille, a young girl. No offense is intended."

"I want to be a woman," Wendy said. "I just haven't had the opportunity yet. I think I'd like to be like Rhonda, a sex slave like her."

"No responsible Master would ever take you as a sex slave, Wendy," I said. "It's why I wanted you to see Rhonda punished, so you would realize it wasn't all fun and games. The youngest slave I know is Reneé and she'd had five years of sexual experience as a bisexual before submitting to her Master. You have no experience. You've never been in love, or experienced sex with a man. You can't really know what you want for yourself without living life a little. You should go to college or continue working, make out with other boys and girls, fall in love, suffer heartbreak. From other life experiences, you will begin to know what it is you want from life. I didn't grow up wanting to be a sex slave, nor have you. You've seen a romanticized version between people who are very much in love with one another. Without that love, it would merely be abuse."

"She is right, mon cherie," Chantelle said. "Despite the fierceness of her spanking, Rhonda knew her Mistress would not do anything to harm her. By lunch, the pain will be completely gone as she only used her hand. Someone who did not love her might have done much worse. Julia was married to Scott for ten years before her submission. There was love and trust before there was submission. Lisa was a next door neighbor who knew both of them before joining. Marcia was married to her Master before submitting. I witnessed Marcia's submission to Monsieur and the love they had between them and the care with which they treated each other before falling in love with them both and changing my submission from Brianna to Monsieur."

"But wouldn't I know from the way they treat Rhonda that they wouldn't harm me?"

"You don't know me, Wendy, but do you think I would harm you?" Sam asked.

She looked at his two slaves and said, "No. I don't believe you would harm me."

"If I punished you, would you feel it came from a place of love and respect or would I just be smacking your beautiful young ass?"

She thought a moment. "You'd just be hitting me."

"And if I had sex with you, would it be because I loved you, or would I just be fucking you?"

It took her a shorter period to answer. "You'd just be fucking me."

"I'm about to participate in a triple penetration of both my slaves. They know this is something I want for them and I'm doing it for them, for their enjoyment because I love them deeply and wish them to take pleasure from it. If I were to do the same to you; punish your young body with cocks in your cunt, your ass and your mouth - would you feel loved and desired, or would you feel I didn't give a shit about you and only wanted a quick fuck with two of my friends, even if you didn't necessarily suffer from it?"

"A quick fuck."

"And that's the difference. Even knowing I wouldn't hurt you, you would feel used and abused by the very same things. Julia is right. This is not the way or age you want to start life as a submissive. This is something you might do if you find the right person; someone you both love and trust. And you would probably experiment a little on the way. Not leap into it with both feet at once."

"It looks like so much fun," she said.

"It is fun with the right person," Master said, standing behind me, "but nothing but torture from the wrong one." 

I put my arm around his leg and leaned against him.

"Your sister was the only one I didn't love when she began, though I've grown to love her a great deal. But I knew she was a police officer capable of taking care of herself, and she submitted to Julia, and only through her, to me. It was Julia she first trusted because she'd never been with a man before. She was trusting Julia to see to her needs and safety, not me."

"When Lisa first started," I said, "we attended a BDSM club, which in this case, stood for Bondage, Discipline, Sadism and Masochism. Some of the people were like us, in loving relationships. Others were not. There were people there who took pleasure in pain and were more interested in beating a slave than fucking one and those who took pleasure from their pain, more interested in the beating than the fucking. It was not uncommon to see some people who had scars or marks which were placed there days or even weeks ago. Some of the instruments available for inflicting pain were quite horrible. As I said, you're seeing a romanticized version of sex slavery from people who love one another, and not all versions of the same thing. Don't accept these are the only Dominants you might be exposed to should you choose this life for yourself. I trust everyone here because I've been exposed to them enough I can. I would never walk up to another Dominant I didn't know and submit to them."

"I see," Wendy said thoughtfully. "Thank you for explaining."

"It appears everyone is here," Sam said. "Perhaps we should get started. I know some of the participants have to leave today. Shall we adjourn to my bedroom?"

I looked around and saw Bill with his arm around Evelyn. 

"Chantelle, I'll help you get the champagne. Wendy, please stick with me."

"You want me to watch?"

"Just because you shouldn't participate, doesn't mean you shouldn't get to watch. These are people who love each other a great deal and you might find it meaningful and informative and I don't believe you should be forming relationships with the people here because you don't live here, they are all older, and it would just be fucking for fucking's sake, so I'll look after you."

We three went to get the Cristal and we each carried two bottles to Sam's, putting them in the fridge before going to the bedroom. Everyone was naked of course. It was one of the things I liked best about being a slave. Everyone is ready to fuck all the time. There's no fumbling with clothes or preparing. The only thing which you might need to prepare was a cock if it wasn't sufficiently hard. None of the three gentlemen performing today seemed as if they would need much assistance in this area. 

Marcia would be starting. I had dreamt of Master fucking Marcia. She was so incredibly beautiful and the thought of his cock sliding in and out of one of her slave holes aroused me a great deal. We left the bed to the participants. There were two chairs in the room. I took one with Wendy on my lap, Lisa took another and invited Evelyn to sit in hers, Chantelle knelt on the floor waiting her turn as the center of attention. 

"Who's going where," Sam asked.

"It's your wife and slave," Master said. "It should be your decision."

Before Sam could answer, I said, "If a slave is allowed an opinion on the matter, I would dearly love to eat Master's cum from her cunt or ass."

Sam laughed. "Marcia, would you prefer Scott in your cunt or your ass?"

"Since I cleansed myself this morning for these festivities, I would dearly love Julia digging for cum in my bottom."

"Then I shall take her cunt, Scott her ass and Bill her mouth."

Good, Master could stare at her magnificent ass as he fucked it.

"You would do that," Wendy whispered, "eat the cum from her ass?"

"Yes," I replied, "happily. I'll explain later. Watch for now." Louder I said, "Lisa, you'll help prepare Marcia's bottom and Master's cock for her penetration."

"Of course."

Sam got on the bed, waiting. One last time, Marcia asked if her Master was truly sure about this. He sat up and kissed her. "I'm absolutely positive," he said, then lay back down. She mounted him, riding him up and down, leaving his cock soaked so I knew how aroused she was. Marcia leaned down and kissed him while Sam spread her cheeks, exposing her back entrance. Lisa excused herself and took water based lube and spread it around her crinkled star, even squirting some inside, then sucked Master's cock a couple times, before spreading more up and down his shaft.

Master got on the bed behind her and Lisa guided his prick to her pucker. Master was slow and gentle in pushing inside her bottom, so she could protest if it hurt. She merely moaned, like the slave slut she was. Given Master would be doing most of the driving as he had both of them pinned to the bed, he didn't move after he was all the way in so she could get used to both of them. She'd been double penetrated enough, it didn't pose a problem having a pair of pricks filling her. All she was missing was the one for her mouth, which Bill quickly provided. All three cocks were buried in her up to the balls. She moaned again.

They all moved and Marcia climaxed, the first of many, many more. Marcia was as orgasmic or even more so than I am. All she lacked was the clitoral hood piercing to make her a total slut. In the fifteen minutes she was fucked by all three cocks, Marcia had to cum ten times, moaning ecstatically for each one. She climaxed twice more after sucking the cum from Bill's balls from the fucking she was taking from Sam and Master. Master was pounding her ass quite firmly, now she wasn't slammed onto Bill's cock and could breathe. The second one she had was the trigger for Master's own climax. His back arched and he grew rigid as he pumped his semen far up her rectum. 

Master finally stopped pulsing and pulled out, leaving only her husband still fucking her. Lisa immediately attended to Master's cock, cleaning it for him. Marcia could ride Sam fine now and was bouncing back and forth quite enthusiastically, on his shaft. Marcia was bent over, kissing him and orgasmed two more times before Sam gasped and froze, his sperm pumping up his prick. I left Wendy on the chair and clamped my mouth over her gapping ass to capture Master's cum before it all escaped, gently squeezing Sam's balls to make sure no drop of cum was left behind. My tongue dipped into her bottom, slithering about to gather Master's cum. She climaxed again from my tongue job.

All activity now ended, Marcia rolled off Sam onto her back. "Oh, my," she panted. "That was amazing." Since her cunt was now available and leaking cum, hers and Sam's, I simply moved my activities further North, giving her two more orgasms in the process, her hands clinging to my head as I lapped at her cunt. Chantelle sucked her Master's cock clean. Since she now appeared tidy and her tremors were slowly dying, I moved back, giving her room to sprawl. 

"Did you enjoy that, love?" Sam asked.

"You couldn't tell?" Marcia asked. "I thought it pretty obvious myself, sir."

"I'll grant you it certainly seemed you enjoyed yourself, but I do wish to be sure."

"It was wonderful, Master, and I thank you so much for doing this for me."

"I'm hoping to make it a fairly regular occurrence," Sam said. "Scott is frequently working in Los Angeles on Bill's house and Bill will be spending more time in LA with a house here. Scott will want to come and visit his child with Lucia with his slaves. Bill and I even thought we could have one of Scott's poker games here on a Saturday night and put three new slaves up for auction."

Marcia looked at him in amazement. 

"I'm still working on that, but it could happen."

She pulled him down for another kiss. "Whatever Master desires," she whispered.

"It must be time for some champagne now," Sam said. "If we could get a couple slaves to do the honors."

Lisa, Chantelle and I got up and pulled two bottles out, pouring nine glasses for the three men and six women. We carried it out on two trays. I handed Wendy a glass.

"I'm not twenty-one yet," she said.

"Which means you can't purchase liquor yourself, nor drink alone," Marcia said. "You are able to drink in the presence of a responsible adult and I see eight of those around, including me, a deputy sheriff."

"Go ahead," I said, "you just witnessed three men fuck one woman. I'm sure one glass of champagne won't corrupt you more than that did."

"No," she giggled, "I suppose not." She took a glass and sipped, nodding. "This is very good."

A general conversation ensued, people chatting as if they weren't standing around naked after an extremely arousing sex act. The slaves were generally crowded around their Master's, as if seeking comfort, or perhaps wishing they would be next. Lisa and I had each been airtight a week ago, Evelyn last night and Chantelle was waiting for hers. She'd never been fucked by three men before, like Evelyn, and I wished to see how much she enjoyed it. 

******

SCOTT

At some point we men seemed ready to continue by a general, unspoken consensus. I was feeling like very little would be needed to fuck again. The others seemed the same way. Sam kissed Chantelle and told her he'd like me to be in her cunt, Bill in her bottom and for her to suck him and asked if this would be okay to her.

"Oui, Monsieur. I have no doubt I shall enjoy it as much as Marcia."

While we were ready, we weren't quite ready, if you take my meaning; so three slaves went to their knees to rectify the situation. Julia was sucking me. She not only got me hard, she got me rigid. I got on the bed and Chantelle got on with me. She was a lovely woman, who I'd greatly enjoy fucking.

"Monsieur, I see you're ready," she said.

"Just waiting for you. May I taste you for a moment before you mount me."

"Oui, Monsieur," Chantelle smiled. 

She moved up my chest and swung her leg over my face, opening herself to my mouth. I lapped at her folds for a few minutes until Chantelle was panting, dripping, and eager to cum. I lowered my head from her crotch.

"I want the first time you cum to be on my cock," I said.

"Oui, as you say, Monsieur." 

Chantelle moved back down to my waist, gripped my cock, pointing it at her moistness. She sank down over my shaft, actually cumming as she did so. I palmed her breasts, thumbing her nipples to extend her pleasure.

"Bend over for Master William. I'm going to part your ass cheeks now so he can fuck your ass."

"Oui, Monsieur," Chantelle panted. "I want to feel both of you in me."

Just like one of the times we fucked Shasta, Bill and I would be facing one another. Evelyn was the one to prepare her bottom and her Master's cock. I felt her fingers briefly through Chantelle's flesh as it wriggled in her bottom, then Bill's cock slid in beside me, making Chantelle even tighter than she was naturally. I saw Sam's cock lined up with Chantelle's mouth above my head and her mouth opened to accept her Master's organ. 

Bill and I got into a nice rhythm down below and Chantelle enjoyed it as much as Marcia and Shasta had, cumming frequently. Every time Sam pushed into her mouth, I would see her throat swell from the depth of his cock. After a quarter hour, I felt Bill's cock throbbing next door as he grunted and realized he was cumming. As soon as he was gone, Evelyn sucked him clean then crouched behind Chantelle, tonguing her ass. I couldn't feel it, she couldn't reach deep enough, but to know it was there was nearly as arousing. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
Sam climaxed, buried deep in Chantelle's throat, unlike me who enjoyed knowing my slaves were tasting me. Her throat wobbled as she swallowed around his prick. He pulled out so she could breathe and she sucked in a huge gulp of air. Now it was only me going as I'd also fucked Lisa this morning and had a little more stamina and less juice. Julia had risen from her chair and was standing close to the bed with her arm around Wendy's waist.

She was pointing out to her the signs when Chantelle was about to orgasm. The actual orgasms weren't hard to detect, because they were usually accompanied by vocal sounds of Chantelle's pleasure, but she'd point to her cunt contracting around my cock or even her ass once Evelyn was done. 

"Master is getting close to cumming," she said. "Remember how Rhonda got this morning when she needed to cum? Master will exhibit many of the same signs. Another one for men is how their balls move inside their sack. Instead of hanging loose, they look as if they want to crawl back inside his body. Hold them for a moment and feel it. If you ever give a boy a blow job, you'll want to know how it feels so you won't be surprised when they squirt in your mouth."

I felt a feminine hand loosely grip my nuts and my cock twitched, knowing it was Wendy.

"Do you feel it?" Julia asked.

"Yes," Wendy said.

"When he starts to cum any second now, you'll see his balls moving and his cock twitching and you can actually see the cum moving up his shaft, like a heartbeat in his prick. Oh, look, Chantelle's cumming again, do you see her asshole clenching up tight like it wants to grip something?"

That did it. The combination of Wendy's hand holding me, Julia's commentary, and Chantelle's cunt clamping down in spasmodic waves did it for me. I moaned as loudly as Chantelle was and released, pumping. 

"There you see? He's pulsing his cum. You can feel it in your hand too, can't you."

"Yes," Wendy said, breathlessly. "I feel it."

A minute later, Chantelle panted, "I would not have believed it possible. Mon Dieu. Magnifique." 

She rolled off me, my cock and her cunt slimy with the number of times she'd cum. Lisa immediately attended to me, cleaning me off. Julia was planning to attend to Chantelle. She knelt between her sprawled legs and licked at the cum spilling from her. I knew there was more to be found inside. 

"If you ever intend to become a sex slave, Wendy," Julia said, "you should know you're expected to clean up after yourself and your Master or Mistress. We would constantly be changing the bed linens if we didn't. Someone must lick up the cum before it gets all over the sheets and someone has to sleep in the wet spot or change sheets. This is Master Sam's bed and it should be kept clean since he's graciously allowed the use of his slaves. Chantelle cleaned her Master when he came in her mouth. Evelyn cleaned her Master's cock and then his cum from Chantelle's bottom. It is my job to clean Chantelle's cunt after my Master. Somebody must do this every time. Master and Sam are lucky because they have additional slaves who can assist. Evelyn is responsible for her Master and if he doesn't clean up after himself, she should be prepared with wet cloths or towels afterward to wipe up."

Julia finished the outside of Chantelle's cunt then stuck two fingers inside her where I knew more was hiding and pulled more out. She left a glob on her fingers and told Wendy to lick it off. Wendy was reluctant so Julia told her slaves needed to learn to love the taste of cum, whether it was male, female or both mixed together, after which she reluctantly licked her fingers, making a face at either the taste or texture. 

"You thought you were ready to be a sex slave," I laughed. The other slaves laughed as well. She made another face, this time irritation at being made fun of.

Julia went back to her duties, licking and sucking to get most of our cum out. 

"Pay attention what happens when Chantelle has another orgasm," Julia said, then quickly gave her another.

As Chantelle spasmed, more cream squeezed out of her tight tunnel, which Julia quickly lapped up. "You should finish cleaning a woman with another orgasm to make sure you get any hiding where your fingers can't reach."

Chantelle was stroking Julia's hair as she wound down from her last climax. "Merci, Julia. You did a wonderful job."

"Thank you for being such a beautiful fuck toy and providing my Master with so much pleasure. I enjoyed watching very much," Julia said.

Chantelle pulled her up for a kiss, which I greatly appreciated. I liked my slaves got along so well with Sam's.

"More champagne, everyone?" Marcia asked. 

Everyone was up for another glass. Marcia and Wendy got more for everyone. Chantelle and Julia kept kissing until they returned.

"We're dining on reheated leftovers today, I'm afraid," Chantelle said. "Brianna gave me the day off."

"No problem," I said, "your leftovers are often better than some meals."

The others agreed. We started back to the pool for lunch. It was being served al fresco today. As we walked, Sam said, "We may have time for one more triple penetration before Lisa has to be pierced and you need to leave. Which one of your slaves would you like it to be?"

"Actually, Lisa and Julia have both had one within the week. Rhonda prefers not having cocks shoved in every hole. They all got fucked to a fare thee well yesterday. I'm not averse to sharing if you'd like to fuck one of them before they go, but I have no compelling need to provide them one right now. A lazy afternoon of rest and quiet contemplation might be more my speed at the moment. I suspect we can arrange one in the future when they can be tantalized by the prospect."

Sam smiled. "I understand. We wouldn't want our slaves becoming accustomed to one too often." 

"Right, it should be a well earned treat. I fully expect them to earn it, because they are very good slaves."

"Indeed, they are. You aren't planning on doing anything with Wendy are you? She is much too young."

"Not me. I suspect Rhonda and the others might give her some small instructions regarding sex in general, like they did today. It appears she's quite inexperienced and naive. A lot of girls her age have already had sex. I think Rhonda will keep close tabs on her in the event she does turn out to be a lesbian, due to her issues when she came out. I don't think she wants Wendy ostracized to the extent she was by her family. I have no intention of turning her into another submissive. I don't think I'd have the energy to keep four slaves happy. If it's something she really does want sometime in the future, I would prefer steering her to someone else I trust. Three is enough for me."

Sam nodded. "I would agree she's too young and immature to decide on something as radical as submission at her age and experience level."

Rhonda was with Lucia at lunch and all the munchkins were out now the more torrid activities had ceased and the guests had left. Rhonda was holding Lucas and very comfortable with him. Shasta was sitting beside her and making faces and I realized she'd raised Cedric and would be very familiar with babies. My slaves and I went and greeted Lucia. 

Julia picked up Lucas and Rhonda said, "Good. He was starting to get hungry and I was going to bring him back to the nursery. I'm sure he'd rather have Mama's milk." Julia put him to her breast.

I kissed Lucia's cheek. "I want to be present for the birth of our child," I said. "I hope it happens when I'm here anyway, but if I'm in Fresno when you think she's coming, please call me and let me know. I'll hire a helicopter if I have to in order to get here in time."

"Gracias, Scott." She fingered the necklace I'd given her. "I'd like to thank you for the beautiful necklace and the many kind words for me yesterday. I love the way it changes color with the light."

"I'm serious about the words as well. I can never do too much for you or your child." 

Shasta said to William, tapping her watch, "Bill, you told me when you invited me to spend the night with you that I'd be back at the hotel before the bus left. Then you go off and fuck Marcia and Chantelle all morning. Even if we left now, I won't make it in time. What will my son and mother think?"

"Oh, dear, it seems I forgot to tell you," Bill said, with a twinkle in his eye. "Your family isn't taking the bus today." 

"How are we going to get home? Scott's car have five in it now and everyone else is gone."

"Well, I talked to your mother and Cedric and it seems none of you have ever flown before. If it's all right with you, and I hope it is since, as you say, you have no other way of getting home; Evelyn and I want to take you all on a helicopter ride back to Fresno. We'll be able to leave later and get home sooner than the bus. Bernice thought it was an excellent idea and would greatly expand Cedric's horizons to go on a helicopter ride."

"Are you serious?"

"Dead serious. Of course you'll have to dress more warmly than when you came down since it can get chilly at higher altitudes but Bernice gave us your sizes, so I'll have jackets for each of you. I even thought we might swing wide and see the mountains on the way. Has Cedric ever seen snow?"

"You fucking bastard!" 

"Why yes. As you just pointed out, I spent the morning fucking Marcia and Chantelle. And last night, I fucked you; three times if you include the triples, and as I recall, you fucked Evelyn, so I'm not the only fucker around here. If you don't want to fly, I can arrange a Limo, but I really hope you'll fly with us. But I think my mother would be upset you called me a bastard. I'm fairly certain she was married to my father when she got pregnant."

Shasta jumped up and threw her arms around Bill. "You wonderful prick. I could just eat you up."

"Evelyn might object. She's grown quite fond of me."

Shasta threw her arms around Evelyn as well. "Thank you, thank you, thank you, for being my friend. I don't have the words."

"You're most welcome, Shasta. I know we'll enjoy the ride more with you three flying with us. It's always more enjoyable doing something with someone for the first time. Cedric sounded so thrilled. First Disneyland and now this."

"It's been a magic kingdom all around," Shasta said. "I had a little magic thrown my way too," glancing at Bill.

"We've all had a little magic," Evelyn said. "My Master was very good to me." She grabbed Bill's arm and leaned against him.

"Last night didn't cause any problems on the home front?" I asked Bill

"No," Bill smiled. "None at all. Evelyn was quite the cheerleader for Marcia and Chantelle to get fucked this morning, to experience what she had. She might have kept Sam from changing his mind."

"Then I should thank her too. They really are beautiful slaves and it was an honor to partake."

Everyone dished up their own food. I fed Lisa and Julia fed Rhonda. Rather than merely finger her to an orgasm or two after I fed her, I bent her over the table and fucked her since it might be the last time for three days. No one paid any attention except Julia, and Wendy. Julia, because she was happy to see her sister slave receive the last bit of attention before her piercing. Wendy, because our activities were still too new to her. When I was done, Julia had Rhonda clean my cock while she took care of Lisa. She ensured Lisa had three more orgasms before she had to start her period of abstinence. When she was done, I kissed her, tasting myself and Lisa on her lips.

******

JULIA

"Wendy, would you be a dear?" I said. "Before Lisa has her piercing, she must be thoroughly washed for sanitary purposes. Can you take a shower with her and ensure every nook and cranny has been completely washed with soap and water?"

"Of...of course I'll help. I'll do whatever I can to assist."

"Good girl."

They left for Brianna's room.

Master looked at me. "It's not sex," I said. "It's a shower. What? We wouldn't let her give Lucas a bath because she's never been with a boy before." I smiled at him sweetly.

"Fine, but we need to be careful. I don't want her turned into another needy slave. We can't keep her and she's too young."

"I know. Still it doesn't hurt to know a little about sex if she's going to have some. She should also know how to say 'no', so boys or girls know she means it. It wouldn't hurt for Rhonda to teach her a few tricks on self defense either. Right, Rhonda?" Rhonda nodded. "Besides, if she does date girls and can't bring them home to Mom and Dad, she needs a place to bring her dates where she won't be judged."

"And you think she should bring them to our house? We're not a particularly good example to young people."

"We can dress. We don't have to be naked. We can be the cool aunts and uncle. Or we can visit the neighbors, have a little fun and games of our own."

"You're incorrigible."

"I'm a sex slave. Your sex slave as a matter of fact. I have the collar to prove it. I will never be anything more than a sex slave. Well, I guess I'll also be a business owner and mother, but primarily a sex slave. This means I'm very interested in sex. Get used to it."

Sam and Bill laughed.

"And a very warm, intelligent, creative and beautiful sex slave to boot," Sam said. 

"Exactly. Can I help it if I like all of my holes be filled as often and completely as they can?"

"Apparently not," Master said.

"Just remember, Master. You will always be my preferred filler. I'm happy you're willing to share, but you'll always be number one in my cunt."

Everyone laughed. 

"I don't think it's possible to be any happier than I am, Master. You were the one who started me on this journey. I was a normal housewife who just happened to read kinky books. You decided to see what turning fantasies into reality would be like." I waved my hands up and down my body. "This is what it looks like. It looks like me; a needy slave slut, Grade A prime meat."

"And me," Rhonda said. "And me," Evelyn added. "Don't forget us," Marcia and Chantelle said.

I smiled at my sisters. "And them."

"It's not just slaves that are sluts," Shasta said. "I know a lot of men fuckers want to stick their cocks in every hole they can as often as they can get it up."

"Can I hear an amen?" Bill said.

"Amen, brother," Sam said.

"It's not our fault," Master said. "Really. They manage to coax another erection out of me no matter how tired I am. Can I help it they're so delectable I can't leave them alone?"

"Amen to that, too," Sam said. "Slave sluts are totally delicious and fuckable. It's not our fault. They even want to fuck each other." He squeezed his slaves on either side of him.

"Too true," Master said. "They don't even need a cock. They just prefer one," long pause, "or two, or three."

I laughed. "Yes, I just love to fuck and I'll fuck anything that moves as long as you give me permission."

Wendy and Lisa returned, both looking squeaky clean. They wondered what we were all laughing about. 

"I'll tell you later," I said. "My sister slave needs a fuck piercing like I have."

"That's a lot of different things you've promised to tell me later," Wendy said.

"We have a long car drive ahead of us. We'll have plenty of time to chat."

"Well, at least tell me what a fuck piercing is?"

"A fuck piercing is a piercing that makes you want to fuck all the time."

"You want to fuck all the time anyway," Wendy pointed out.

"And this makes it worse, or better, depending on your perspective," I said. "My poor sister slave will be dying to have sex and won't be able to have it for three days. We'll probably have to tie her hands down so she doesn't touch herself."

"It's that bad?" Lisa asked.

"It's that good," I replied. "A slave trainer that allows you to cum."

"Let's get started then," Lisa said smiling.

"If you'll follow me," Monique said. "We'll get you taken care of."

We followed Monique to their piercing room. Adele was already there with the appropriate tools and utensils and the jewelry Master had chosen, sanitized and ready. Wendy came along to see. I was surprised to see Evelyn and Bill there, too. Bill was whispering in Evelyn's ear.

"Who will be giving the slave her pre-piercing orgasms?" Adele asked.

"I'd like for Julia to provide them," Master replied.

"Thank you, Master."

"You're welcome."

Monique and Adele fastened Lisa securely down so she couldn't move an inch. Her cunt was gapping for me and dripping, the needy slave. They had me clean my mouth out with Listerine, then I was given a large glass dildo. It slid so easily into her wet cunt. Every time I slid it into her, it made her clit stand up.

"I love you," I said, before covering her clit with my mouth and sucking.

Lisa moaned "I love you too," and spasmed. I gave her two more before Adele made me scoot back. Her cunt was washed with disinfectant and dried with a lint free cloth. Monique pushed the hood back, exposing Lisa's clit. Adele grabbed it with felt padded forceps so the slippery little sucker wouldn't slide back in. Monique pinched the hood and inserted a sharp thick needle above Lisa's clit, Lisa gasping, immediately withdrawing the needle and replacing it with a hoop which locked into place. Adele released her clit and it slid back home. Two clicking bead balls were added to the hoop the same as I had. Once again, we matched, twin slaves.

Monique released Lisa while Adele put together a goody bag of Tylenol and ointment.

"You remember the rules. No vaginal sex of any kind for three days. Put this cream on every three hours. It's both an analgesic and disinfectant. No underwear which shouldn't be a problem for a slave like you. Nothing but Tylenol for pain relief as it won't promote bleeding. You may still provide oral services to men and women like a good little slave. You may shower beginning tomorrow morning, but dab dry, don't rub. Any questions?" Adele asked.

"No," Lisa replied.

"Stand up and walk around," Monique said. "Test it out."

Lisa took maybe three or four steps before she said, "How the fuck do you stand this, Julia?"

"I know. Right," I laughed. "Horn dog on a stick, right here."

"Cripes. And no one is allowed to touch me for three days."

"Not even yourself," Monique said, "except when you're in the shower, washing."

"Expect me to take a lot of showers the next few days, Master."

"Sorry, you have work to do. Shasta's informed me the work has piled up while you've been gone," Master replied.

Lisa groaned. I sympathized. 

"Evelyn," Bill said. "I'd like you to get one of those piercings."

"You want me craving sex all the time like they do, sir?"

"Of course. Every second of every day. If I'm going to let you fuck other men, you'll have to earn it."

"Whatever you wish, Master, I will do."

"You still haven't had your spanking this morning. Run and get your paddle." Evelyn hurried off. "Scott, would you like to provide her spanking this morning? Since you weren't involved in her triple, perhaps you'd like to fuck her when it's done. Then Shasta can get her showered for the piercing."

"Thank you, Bill. I'd be honored," Master said. I was proud he was going to fuck Evelyn.

"Adele, why don't you show me what jewelry you have available for my slaves piercings. If you have something with diamonds, I think she'd enjoy that."

"Of course, Master Bill. Please follow me to the showroom."

"You can get started on the spanking without me, Scott. I won't be too long."

They left to find her jewelry. Evelyn came rushing back. She looked around, not seeing her Master.

"Master Bill went to find you some nice jewelry for your new piercing, Evelyn," I said. "He directed my Master to provide your paddling and your post spanking fucking. Enjoy it. You won't get another for three days."

She looked to the others for confirmation and was told Master was going to spank her. We went back to the living room and the big punishment chair. It wasn't long before other slaves drifted in, somehow knowing a slave was going to be punished. Even Brianna, Sam, Marcia and Chantelle came to watch.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
Master sat down. "Put your hands and feet on the floor," he said. "If they come off it, I'll start over. I'm going to give you half with your paddle and half with my hands so I can feel your lovely naked ass. You will keep count and thank me for each one. Do you understand, slave?"

"Yes, Master Scott."

Master struck himself with the paddle to test it out. Evelyn draped her naked form over his lap. Master was already getting an erection. Since he'd cum four times already today, Evelyn was going to get a good fucking out of it. Her hands and feet went on the floor which thrust her bottom up for her spanking. I felt myself getting wet. No, I'll amend that. I'm always wet. I got wetter.

Smack. Evelyn bounced. She kept her hands and feet on the floor. "One, thank you, sir."

Smack. The other cheek. She bounced again. "Two, thank you, sir."

By a dozen, she was crying, not sobbing, just alligator tears falling to the floor at Master's feet. She got a spanking every day. She was used to this. Before she reached twenty, she asked permission to cum.

"You may cum, slave," Master said, finger fucking her slave cunt to make it last longer and feel better. She squirmed wildly on his lap as she spasmed.

Bill had returned. Adele wasn't with him, so I assumed she was preparing everything for the next slave. He smiled to see her wriggle on Master's lap. Reaching twenty-five, Master set the paddle down.

"Do you mind if I do the remainder with my hand?" Master asked, his fingers still slick with Evelyn's cum.

"Not at all, as long as it isn't any lighter."

"No risk of that," Master said, laying down the next swat. "Twenty-six, thank you, sir."

I loved the way Evelyn's ass jiggled when his hand came down. He'd leave it resting on her bottom for a few seconds, feeling the heat rising up from her ass before he gave her the next. The little slut wanted to cum again when Master got to forty-one.

"No more cumming until you're riding my cock," Master said. 

"I can't wait that long," Evelyn moaned. "Please, Master Scott, let me cum."

"Nope."

Poor Evelyn was able to wait until the end of her spanking but nary a second more. Master picked her up and set her on his prick and as soon as Master penetrated her, she climaxed, like a bitch in heat. He wasn't even all the way in. She orgasmed multiple times during the balance of his fucking. He eventually lifted her off his lap and bent her over the arm of the chair to finish off. As I expected, he lasted quite a while. 

Her last orgasm caused him to release and squeeze all the cum in his balls into her cunt. Evelyn was rather limp when Master finished, resting over the arm of the chair, panting hard. I signaled to Rhonda to take care of her while I cleaned Master off. The slut climaxed twice more as Rhonda cleaned her and she wasn't even trying.

"Shasta, would you please take my wife to my shower and ensure she's thoroughly cleaned for her piercing."

"Why don't you use Brianna's," I said. "It's closer."

I showed Shasta where Brianna's room was and how the shower worked. I kissed Evelyn. "Was it a good fucking, slave? Did you enjoy my Master?"

"Yes," she said, then gave me another, deeper kiss. "I suspect we're going to have a lot of fun together the next few years."

"I suspect you're right." I patted her red ass. She shied away. "Good spanker, too."

I left the two of them in the shower and returned to Master, sitting on his lap and leaning my head against his chest. It only took ten minutes for the two of them to return. We all went back to the piercing room. Adele was waiting as before. They fastened Evelyn securely so she couldn't move and spoil her piercing. Considering the spanking she'd just taken, I doubted she'd have any trouble taking the needle.

"Who will be giving the slave her orgasms?" Monique asked.

William was about to speak when Shasta said, "If it don't bother anyone, I'd like to give the slave her orgasms."

"Be my guest, Shasta," Bill said, motioning to his wife pinned to the chair like a butterfly. 

"I'm not all that good at this," Shasta said to Evelyn, "but I know how to work a dildo just dandy. Only thing I used for sex for years."

Adele gave her the Listerine and told her to rinse her mouth out completely a couple times. Shasta did as instructed and was handed the glass phallus. Evelyn's cunt glistened and Shasta had no problem shoving it into her sheath. She began pumping the dildo back and forth, working it with a nice twisting motion. Evelyn climaxed once, moaning. For the next two, Shasta sucked and nibbled on Evelyn's clit while fucking her with the dildo. She did pretty good, too. Sarah must have given her a little instruction. 

Master watched with some fascination. He'd missed much of what happened the last couple weeks and though we'd told him Shasta had engaged in oral sex with a woman, this was the first time he'd seen any of it. Bill had said Shasta fucked Evelyn last night, though not how. I didn't know if Evelyn had been pleasured orally or if Shasta used a strap on. She was definitely going oral now though. 

When Evelyn had her third orgasm, Monique had Shasta move and washed and disinfected Evelyn's soggy cunt, dabbing it dry. We witnessed the same thing as Lisa had undergone, with the same result, a pierced slave. Adele had found something with diamonds and oh, how they sparkled against Evelyns dark pink folds.

She seemed to get the little clapper balls Lisa got, though they looked to be solid gold. It was nice to be rich.

"Get up and move around," Monique said. 

Evelyn made about five steps before she rushed to Bill and said. "What have you done to me, Master?"

"I made you my slave slut, Evelyn." 

"I won't be able to keep from cumming, sir" she said. "I'll have cum running down my legs all the time."

"Everyone will know what you are, then," he acknowledged.

If her collar didn't give it away, cum leaking down her legs certainly would. 

"It will get better over time," I said. "Of course the piercing orgasms aren't nearly as nice as a good fucking, so you'll want to be fucked more, too."

"We need to get ready to go," Master said. "I want to be on the road by four. Do we need to pick up any of your things from the motel, Wendy?"

"Yes. I didn't bring anything but what I was wearing."

"Then I want us gone by 3:30."

"Yes, sir," I replied for all. 

We would have to drive back in two vehicles. Master had his truck here and we had the car. Master told us he'd ride with Lisa to ensure she didn't touch herself and treated her new piercing properly. Wendy and Lucas would go in the car with Rhonda and I. We gathered our possessions, my child, everything we'd brought. The slaves had very little in the way of clothes, but Master had two weeks worth of work clothes which would need washing when we got home. 

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 58|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-58|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<i>This chapter has our slaves talking to Wendy about sex and introducing her to oral sex with men before Scott ushers her into her womanhood. This chapter contains oral sex, interracial sex, lesbian sex, and taboo sex. It is a first time story. As with other chapters, STD's don't exist in this fantasy world, nor does COVID-19.</i>

<b>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 58 - Wendy</b>

JULIA

For our trip home, I wore the dress I'd worn for my ceremony. Since I couldn't go around with my boobs hanging out, I added one of my maternity brassieres, a beaded number which went well with the green dress. Since Lisa's ass was bare and tits and cunt transparently covered in hers and Rhonda's was essentially nothing at all, they had to wear the garments they wore for the drive to LA. 

When all was packed in our two vehicles, we said goodbye to our hostess and all our friends. There were warm hugs and kisses exchanged with many of them. William said his staff were bringing Cedric and Bernice to the Estate and would be there shortly. His helicopter would arrive in thirty minutes to pick them all up and ferry them to Fresno. Brianna and Monique were dressed to greet them not wishing to shock Shasta's mother and son. Before we left, Bill and Evelyn's car drove up and the driver helped Bernice and Cedric out of the car.

"I'm sorry, sir," the driver, Robert, said, "we found this fellow walking on the road on the way here and Miss Bernice said she knew him and asked us to pick him up. I hope it's okay."

He backed away and Sean got out of the car.

"Slave! What the hell you doing here? You should be on the damn bus with the others like I told you," Shasta said. "I don't want you around me right now."

Sean got on his knees. "I'm sorry, Mistress. When I saw you weren't on the bus, I became worried. I started walking here to make sure you were okay."

"What you think happen to me? Boogey man take me out of this fine estate with cops and all around here? My Mama and son not on the bus either. Don't you think that's a clue I ain't taking the bus? I found some other way to get home? You think someone kidnap me?"

"I don't know, Mistress. I didn't think. I was worried and needed to be sure nothing happened to you. I love you and would be devastated if you were hurt or injured."

"Fine. You love me. But you don't obey me which is all I expect out of you. I told you before. I - am - not - your - effing - girlfriend. I'm your Mistress or nothing. You need to understand something right now. I may never get married. I may never have a boyfriend. I date other men because I want to see if I can have anything close to a normal life. But I'm not sure I trust anyone with any power over me and that includes a husband, who might damn well think he can control me and my life. I want one thing from you and one thing only - your absolute obedience. The only reason I wanted a slave in the first place was so I had control. If I can't trust you to do what I ask, how can I trust you won't hurt me or my family."

"I would never hurt you or your family, Mistress."

"Mama, are you mad at Sean?" Cedric asked.

"Yes, baby, I am. You know how I get angry if you don't do what I say?"

"Yes, Mama."

"I get angry if Sean don't do what I say. He wants more from me than I can give. I might have to send him away."

Sean dropped his head.

"Mr. Sean, why can't you do what my Mama says? She might need to spank you or put you in time out," Cedric said. "If you're really bad, you can't watch TV."

"Scott, can you get Sean back to Fresno?" Shasta asked. "I don't want to leave him here but I don't want him coming with me either."

"He can ride in the truck with me," Master said. "What should I do with him when I get him back to Fresno?"

"Chain him up in your basement for all I care. I don't want to see him again today. Figure out what I do with him tomorrow."

"Get in the truck, slave," Master said.

Sean got in the truck, looking totally miserable. I felt sorry for him. Perhaps I was responsible for him overstepping his bounds as Shasta's slave. I'd gotten her to give him blow jobs and anal sex. Maybe she should have just kept tying him down on the bed to have sex with him. He wouldn't feel like he was anything other than what he was, her sex toy. Was there a natural possessiveness to men which made them feel like a woman was theirs if they loved them?

For me and my sister slaves, our love for our Master and desire to do anything which made him happy, allowed us to freely and gladly let him fuck other women. I believed Sean loved his Mistress but rather than him accepting the same freedoms for her which we gave our Master, it made him want to cling to her all the more, which is exactly what our Master was trying to break in himself. I could see why Shasta didn't want anyone controlling her life. Given her life, I might be the same. She was hard and prickly and Sean wasn't doing himself any favors by trying to cling to her.

We left before the helicopter came. I drove our car, Wendy beside me and Rhonda and Lucas' car carrier in the back. If Lucas got hungry, Rhonda and I would switch spots so I could feed him. We went to Wendy's motel first to get the things she'd left behind and check her out since she hadn't done it herself. We double checked to make sure the last day was paid for since it was past check out time, but the bill was paid in full. Thank you, William.

Once we were fully on the road, Wendy said she had more questions for us.

"Ask away," Rhonda said.

"Why did you suck the cocks after the slaves were fucked in the ass this morning. That looked totally gross."

"Marcia and Chantelle cleansed their asses this morning, which meant they gave themselves several enemas to ensure their bottoms were as clean and fresh as an ass can get. We slaves do it so we can clean our Master's cocks by sucking them after our asses have been fucked," I said.

"What were you all laughing about this morning when we returned after I washed Lisa in the shower?"

"We were talking about how horny we all were as slaves and how much we liked sex and wanted it all the time,"

"Can I be allowed to fuck your Master?"

"No."

"Why not? He fucks everyone else. He looks like he'd be a good teacher."

"You need to fuck people your own age; people you're interested in and care about."

"What if I don't care about boys my own age?"

"Domina, I tend to agree with Wendy on this," Rhonda said, surprising me.

"Why?"

"First times don't always work out well, Domina. I was glad it was Master the first time I had sex with a man. It could have been much worse."

"You know it won't be one time if Master has sex with her. Since when has anyone fucked someone just one time when they've got continued access to that person. Nor did Master pop your cherry. You'd been fucked with strap-ons before. This isn't the same thing. Your family is barely civil to us now. Imagine how much worse it would be if Master was having sex with two of your parents daughters and they found out we were all sharing the same bed?"

"Wendy, have you ever put anything inside of your pussy?"

"Yes, a vibrator."

"So you don't think you have a hymen anymore and sex wouldn't be painful the first time?"

"I don't know. It was a small vibrator. Cocks frightened me. It's why I thought I might be a lesbian in the first place. I was scared of sex with a cock."

"If she's scared of large cocks, she shouldn't be fucking Master," I said. 

"It looked enjoyable," Wendy insisted, "when he fucked Lisa. She liked it. The other slaves liked being fucked everywhere. The men all had similar sized cocks."

"The slaves have all fucked other people before and done all those things individually before doing three at once," I said. 

"What role did you see for us, Domina?" Rhonda asked. "You were the one who sort of started this."

"Well, for you to show her how girls could be together, and perhaps giving her a place she could bring girlfriends since she could never bring one home to your house. I didn't foresee us being the source of all her sex."

"Would it be for all her sex, Domina? Couldn't Master show her what it's like being with the right guy so she knows if she'll like sex with a man? If she likes it, she can find her own boyfriend."

"Wendy is obviously a shy young woman. If she weren't, I suspect she would have had sex with someone before now," I said. "It's not as if she doesn't know people her own age she couldn't have fucked. Once you've had good sex, you'd like to keep having sex. It feels good. If we provide her with good sex, she'll want to come back for more. She doesn't have to work to overcome her shyness and socialize with people her own age. Instead of saying to herself, I want to get fucked, I'd better find myself a boyfriend or girlfriend to fuck with; she'll be saying, I know where I can have good sex, male or female, why not go there and get me some. We've already had one bastard pissed off at us, shooting up our house. I don't want your family doing the same."

"I don't think they would do that, Domina."

"If they thought you were among the people she was having sex with? I don't even want you to keep doing it. Just show her what it could be like so she feels confident enough to ask other girls out, and be reasonably certain she knows what she's doing."

"Doesn't the same apply to fucking your Master," Wendy said. "If I fucked him, wouldn't it give me confidence enough to date other boys?" Wendy asked. "I'd know if I even liked sex with guys and would feel as if I knew what I was doing if I was with one. I'm old enough. It's not like he's breaking the law. I promise I won't come over for sex all the time once I know if I like it or not."

Whoops. Turning my own logic against me.

"I don't believe Master wants to have sex with you. He thinks you should be with people your own age. He has enough on his plate now."

"Just once, I promise. You could talk to him about it."

"Ask some other questions."

"Do you get punished too?"

"All slaves get punished at one time or another."

"Why wouldn't you let me take the rest of Rhonda's spanking."

"I thought you were becoming too enamored with the idea of submission. I thought you should know it's not all sex. In fact, we might not even be normal as it pertains to submissives. Some Dominants require much more of their submissives, including disgusting things like eating shit or drinking piss or being pissed on, choking their submissives, scarring, canings or much worse whippings. We practice a mild form of it. I also thought you should know the consequences for not letting your sister cum. You looked at it like a game and thought it would be easy for her. It's not. It's painful and you should know that."

"Would you show me what it's like to be spanked?"

"No, again. You're too young to be making decisions like this for yourself. You have no life experience."

"How old should I be?"

"I don't know. At least three years of experience with sex in general, maybe longer. Some understanding of different people and what they're like. How some can be good and some bad." 

"What if I want to know now?"

"It's not a good idea."

"If you don't want to show me, I could always go to that BDSM club you warned me about. I bet you only need to be eighteen to get into that place."

Crap, Wendy was turning out to be difficult. "Rhonda, talk some sense into your sister."

"She's obviously curious about it, Domina. I'd much prefer she learn about it from someone who won't hurt her than people who might. I was lucky. When I finally decided I might enjoy submission, I ran into you and not some monster."

"And if you'd run into a monster, you could have protected yourself. You were a police officer."

"You're making my argument for me, Domina. She can't protect herself if she runs into a monster. I'd prefer she learn from non-monsters."

"And if she likes it?"

"Then she likes it, Domina. She'll like it now or five years from now. She is an adult. She may not have any experience, but not all experience is good experience anyway. She can have a physically or emotionally abusive boyfriend or girlfriend. She can be date raped, roofied. She can hook up with drug addicts or alcoholics. Hell, she could even be taken by real slavers and sold to some real sicko's. If she doesn't like it, at least she wouldn't have looked for it some place that could get her hurt. Look at what Janet was considering after being with an abusive boyfriend. She had no self worth at all. She wanted to be pissed on and drink your piss. I'd much prefer she learn from someone like Chen or Master or you who are obviously kind, warm people. Even the Strong twins seem more interested in their own needs than those of their partners. Fortunately, Regina's into what they're providing. I don't think they'd intentionally harm Wendy, but I don't think they'd be particularly good for her either."

I was quiet. I didn't know what to say in response. Rhonda was making good points for which I had no ready answers. 

"I don't think Master would approve," I finally said. A damn weak excuse, really.

"Then perhaps we should speak to him, Domina."

"Fine. I'll tell you what. Let's give Wendy some reading material. Everything we can give her about real BDSM, so she can see all aspects of it, good and bad. If that doesn't scare hell out of her and she's still interested in pursuing her curiosity, we'll speak to Master about it. In the meantime, I want her to ask a girl out on a date. If she thinks she's a lesbian, she should pursue that first before considering bondage and discipline. She might be perfectly content going out with girls and not seek anything further. If she doesn't have the nerve to ask a girl to go out, she has no business asking us to teach her about submission."

"That sounds reasonable to me, Domina. Wendy, ask a girl to go out with you or more than one if the first one doesn't want to. We'll look up some material for you to read in the meantime. If you go out with someone a couple times and still want to learn about submission, we'll give you the stuff to read and if you're still interested after reading it, we'll speak to Master. But it happens in that order."

"I'm willing to give up talk of submission until later, but I want to fuck Scott first."

"Why, for God's sake."

"Well, I only think I'm lesbian because I kissed a girl and I liked it, and I was afraid of cocks. What if I'm not? I won't know until I screw a man. If I like that, I'll ask a boy out. If I liked girls better, I'll ask a girl out. I'll definitely ask someone, maybe one of each, but I need to know first, which one I like. You wouldn't want me ending up with a depraved pervert would you?"

"I'm beginning to think you're a depraved pervert and you'd deserve each other," I said disgustedly.

"Pretty please."

"I'm going to hell," I muttered. "I'm sure of it."

"Just once. That's all I ask."

"We'll talk about it later."

"How much later?"

"I don't know. Later, okay. I'll talk to Master."

"Thank you." She sat back with a satisfied smile on her face. I wished I could wipe it off.

We sat quietly for twenty minutes or so before Lucas started to fuss. Rhonda changed his diaper but he continued to cry so he must be hungry. I signaled and pulled over and Master pulled up behind me. I got out of the car.

"What's wrong?"

"Lucas is hungry. Rhonda and I are going to trade places so I can feed him."

"What about the rest of you? Should we stop somewhere and eat?"

"I'm still good. I'll check with the others."

Rhonda was getting out to take the driver's position.

"Are you hungry yet?" I asked. "Should be stop?"

"I'm good for another hour. Why don't we wait until Lucas is fed and stop after when you don't have to leave your tits out."

"Give it another hour, Master," I said. "We'll feed Lucas first."

A big semi came blowing past throwing out a huge gust of wind, blowing the slim bit of fabric in the front of my dress to the side. Apparently the two cars following the semi got a good look at what I was wearing beneath the dress; exactly nothing but my slave jewelry. They laid on their horns as they went by, the echoes diminishing in the distance.

"I was going to ask if you wanted a drive-thru or to dine inside," Master said. "I suppose that question has been answered."

"If you wish to dine in, I don't care, Master. I'll go where you go."

"You might give any septuagenarians or older heart attacks."

"But they might die happy, sir."

He laughed. "I certainly expect to, though I'll be lucky to make fifty."

"Fucking is good for your heart, Master. You might live to be a hundred."

"I'll continue to follow. You take off. Stop where you want to eat and I'll pull in after you, inside or out, your choice."

"Yes, sir."

I got in, and Rhonda took off. I lowered the panel on my beaded bra and started feeding Lucas. He was happily taking supper from me. 

After a few more minutes, Wendy spoke again. "Can I ask more questions?" 

"I suppose. I won't promise to answer," I said. "Why ask us?"

"You're the most open and uninhibited people I know. Even if I could ask my parents, they probably wouldn't know the answer. I don't even know if my mother's had anal sex."

"Perhaps. I think the majority of people have tried it at least once, though I doubt they advertise it to their friends and family," I replied. "If I have to answer some of your questions, you need to answer mine as well."

"Okay. So, what's it like, getting fucked in the ass?"

"I find it pleasant. Not as fun as regular fucking, but I cum from it, which is all you can hope for from any sex."

"What's it like getting fucked by more than one person at a time like Marcia and Chantelle were this morning?"

"It's better than one person fucking you, because you have the sensations of both. It's like rubbing your breasts when you're masturbating. Rubbing your pussy feels good, but rubbing both feels better. And you feel so full. Cocks in every hole, two of them right next to each other, both stretching you very close to one another."

"Had you ever done it before you became a slave?"

"No. I wasn't that wild before I was married. My fantasies mostly started after my marriage. I wasn't unhappy as a wife, but it definitely called to me. I think it mostly started after our friend, Zoe, said she was becoming a sex slave to Brianna. I'd never really thought of it before seriously, thinking it was strange before it became real to me. Then I started reading sex slave romance novels and got into reverse harem novels. After, a lot of my fantasies extended to more than one person fucking me. My slavery was Master's attempt to make some of those fantasies become real."

"Had you ever been with a woman before?"

"No, but Master trained me to pleasure women because it was less painful to watch me with a woman than another man."

"What's the freakiest thing you've ever done?"

"You mean watching multiple people fuck me yesterday wasn't the freakiest thing you think I've ever done?"

"Okay, that was pretty freaky. What would be some of the other strange things you've done?"

"I seduced a sales clerk in the changing room of a Department Store. I sucked Master's cock under the table at a restaurant. I've been auctioned off to the winners of poker games, and I've walked a part of the Pacific Crest Trail nude, fucking two complete strangers we met on the trail."

"Is there anything you haven't done?"

"Lots of things I haven't done. People can get pretty damn strange when it comes to sex. Some people derive sexual pleasure from having pieces of their bodies cut off."

"Willingly? They get parts of their bodies taken off?"

"Yeah, amputated right off. There's no accounting for the full gamut of sexual experience. There are quite a few people who get off on either inflicting pain or receiving it."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"Sadists and Masochists. I learned about them in school. What about you? You give and receive pain. Aren't you a sadist or masochist, or both?"

"Not really. As a slave, I make the distinction between good pain and bad pain. I believe, for the true practitioners in S & M, the pain is the focus. The pain is what gives them pleasure. For me, pain is just something that makes the eventual fucking better. Master never spanks me without giving me orgasms. Orgasms both reduce pain due to the release of chemicals called endorphins in the body and they are the eventual goal of whatever we do. Perhaps it's the dichotomy of a brief period of pain to a lot of pleasure. Like knowing what light is because of the dark. The pleasure is better because it's so different from what went before. But Master has never struck me so hard that I hurt for more than an hour or two afterwards. I've received worse, but not from Master."

"What about you, Rhonda. What's the strangest thing you've ever done?"

"According to our parents, they'd probably say sex with women was pretty damn strange, but to me, sex with a man for the first time was stranger. I was what is known as a gold star lesbian. Never been with a cock before in my life, before I sucked Master's cock for the first time."

"Why did you do it?" 

"I lost the bet with Domina which made me her slave for a day. She told me I wouldn't have to do anything with a cock during my slavery unless I begged for one. I begged for a cock when she wouldn't let me cum until I did. Then Domina made me think I would have to let Master fuck me in all my holes, though in the end, I only had to suck his cock. But when I decided I wanted to remain a slave and wanted to submit to a woman who already a slave to a Master, I would have to be available to him. Now, with but a few exceptions which I agree to, only my mouth is available to men except Master. He mostly uses his other slaves for sex, but I am available to him at all times just as they are. It's not bad. Being a submissive has really energized my sex drive. All forms of fucking help relieve that arousal, but I much prefer women to satisfy it. Domina prefers men, but having sex with women increases her chances of cumming."

"How many times do you cum every day, on average?"

"Over two dozen, easily," I said. "With the piercing like Lisa received today. I can cum a dozen times just from moving around a lot. It was worse when I first got it, and it's gotten better. I don't cum from it as much as I used to, but things like exercising and swimming where my legs are moving, still makes me cum all the time. Sitting still helps, but other than things like driving and sleeping, I'm not still very often."

"Why do you shave your pussies?"

"It's more pleasant licking shaved pussies than hairy ones," Rhonda replied. 

"Did it bother you licking my pussy because it has hair?"

"It's less pleasant, but it didn't bother me. Did you enjoy licking my bald cunt?"

"It wasn't bad. Nicely smooth and it made everything feel slipperier."

"Have you tasted yourself after masturbating?" I asked.

"Yes. I guess it was why I thought it would be okay being a lesbian. I wouldn't mind if I had to lick pussies for sex. Is there other ways for lesbians to have sex other than oral?" 

"You witnessed some yesterday," Rhonda replied. "Every time I was fucked was by a woman with a vibrator or wearing a strap-on. There's a couple other ways to pleasure each other. We can rub our cunts together in something called tribbing."

"Why were you afraid of cocks?" I asked. 

"Well, they look big and it looks like it would hurt if they go inside of you."

"The first couple times you have sex, it might hurt if the men aren't gentle, but it gets better the more you do it and a cock is a lot smaller than a baby. A vagina is quite flexible."

"But child birth hurts," Wendy said. 

"Because they are so much bigger than a cock is. If we got fucked by cocks as big as babies were, perhaps having children would be less painful."

"Or fucking more painful, Domina," Rhonda said. "When I saw Lester's cock, I thought it would be painful."

"If he'd fucked my ass, I'm sure he would have, but my cunt thought otherwise. Lucas is done feeding, Rhonda. Why don't you pick someplace to stop for food." 

I started to burp him and refastened my breast panel.

"Do you have a preference, Domina?"

"No."

"Why do you call Julia, Domina, if she's your Mistress? Why not call her Mistress?"

"She would if I weren't a slave myself," I said. "We reserve Mistress to someone who isn't a slave. The Romans had slaves who trained other slaves and they had to be addressed with an honorific other than a slave. They used Dominus for male slave trainers and Domina for female slave trainers. Lucia taught us that. Since I'm a slave myself, I'm a Domina."

"I want to stay at your house tonight," Wendy said.

"Aren't our parents expecting you home?" Rhonda asked.

"I'll tell them we're arriving late and you'll bring me home tomorrow so I can spend time with you. I don't get to see you very much. I only work part-time and I'm off tomorrow. Besides, it gives you a chance to speak to your Master about fucking me. At the very least, I can get more girl on girl practice."

"I'm certainly not going to try and convince him," I said. "That's up to you and Rhonda. I'm out of it."

"Domina, here's a McDonald's. I'm all for pushing on tonight and getting home earlier."

"Fine. Swing through the drive-thru. Pull into a parking space afterward. I'm going to switch places with Master. You can try to convince him."

"Yes, Domina."

After going into the drive-thru, Rhonda pulled over. Master pulled up alongside. He rolled down the window. 

"What's up?" He asked.

"I wish to change vehicles," I said. "Rhonda has something to discuss with you, sir. I'll drive the truck, you ride in the car."

"Okay," he said. "Swap with me."

We switched vehicles and I hopped in with Lisa and Sean, bringing my food with me. Since the car had the baby in it, I followed it. Once again, the material on the front of my dress parted when I climbed into the cab and some teenagers hooted their horn upon seeing me.

"What's going on?" Lisa asked.

"Rhonda and Wendy wanted to talk to Master about something. She wants to fuck him so she can decide if she likes girls or boys better to ask out on dates."

"I thought it was decided we weren't going to do that."

"I was of the same opinion, but Rhonda made some rather convincing arguments. It was hard for me to say no, so I'll let Master decide. Wendy's still thinking about submission too. Threatened to go to the BDSM club to find out if we wouldn't let her explore it with us. I told her if she went out with someone first and still wanted to consider it, we'd make her read all about BDSM first. If she still wants to explore after reading all the bad things which might happen, we could talk about it further. Rhonda is just trying to protect her from the bad and ugly."

I pointed to Sean in the back seat. "What's going on with him?"

"Can't really say. He hasn't spoken two words since he got in the car."

I looked at him in the rear view. He did look pretty despondent. 

"What's going on slave?"

Dead silence. 

"Do I have to stop this truck, make you get out, strip you, and whip your ass or will you respond civilly?"

"I've ruined it," he mumbled. "I had the perfect life and I ruined it."

"That's yet to be seen. You do understand why Shasta is the way she is and why she doesn't want you trying to control her, don't you?"

"Yes. I can't help it. I get jealous thinking of her with other men, particularly if I'm not there."

"You do realize your purpose is to be a sex toy for your Mistress and like any other toy in her drawer, she can put you away and play with a different toy?"

"I love her."

"Big fucking deal. I love my Master and he has sex with other women. My Master also loves me and he's letting me have sex with other men now. You can love all you want, but you cannot control. The control is hers exclusively. If you can't accept that, it will be over."

"Do you think I can salvage it?"

"Do you think you can correct your behavior or will you remain jealous and fuck it up? If your Mistress wants to fuck another person, no matter who it is; can you suck it up, swallow whatever pride you still think you have and let her do her thing? That's your choice, continue acting as you are and lose your Mistress or remain a subservient slave who will do as he's told without question."

"Will she give me another chance?"

"I can't answer that."

"I don't even have a place to stay anymore. I gave up my apartment."

"You'll still have your job. We can put a bed in the basement and you can stay there until you get a new apartment."

"Will I still need to wear my cock cage at work?"

"Around the other women, yes. If your Mistress gives you up, Master or I would have control of it. If you start working on the website for our business and don't work around the other women, we might be able to remove it then. Of course, you can always abandon your slavery, wear clothes and move out, but we won't have a naked man around naked women without a cage."

"Okay, I understand."

We subsided back into silence. I wondered about the conversation in the car, if Master was having it any easier than I did.

******

SCOTT

I had Wendy get in the back with Lucas while I took the passenger seat. I'd been driving most of the trip and Rhonda had just started. Almost the second we were underway, Wendy said, "I want to fuck you, Scott, and have you show me what it's like to be a woman."

"We've already discussed this and the answer is no. N-O, no fucking way."

"I'm an adult. You wouldn't be breaking the law. You fuck other women, so I'm not stepping on anyone's toes if you fuck me. I want to see who I like better, boys or girls. Sex with you would be better than fumbling around with a randy teenager who wants nothing more than shove his cock in my cunt and cum. It would probably hurt and I wouldn't like him any more than I do you."

"I decide who I have sex with and that doesn't include you."

"Master," Rhonda said, "before you make a conclusive answer, could you please hear her out. The whole thing. She made several good points which might cause you to reconsider."

"You think it's a good idea?"

"Better than a lot of other alternatives which might occur for a woman of her age who wants to get laid, sir."

"It had better be good," I said.

I listened to Wendy state all the reasons she believed I should be the one to fuck her. Rhonda added a point here and there where Wendy didn't make her point as clearly as she might. She told me she'd agreed to abandon thoughts of submission for now, at least until she'd gone on some regular dates and knew more about bondage and discipline. 

"If she remains interested, Master, I think you, Chen, Jerry or even Domina should be the ones to explore it with her, depending on if she's more interested in men or women. If we're unwilling to help her explore, she indicated she would go to a BDSM club and throw herself open to whoever wanted her."

"What did Julia have to say about any of this?"

"She said it was your choice as to whether or not you fucked me," Wendy replied. "It was her I reached the agreement with not to pursue submission until I'd gone on some dates and read a lot more about BDSM."

"And you, Rhonda. Why do you think any of this is a good idea?"

"Because you gave me a good first time experience with a man and I know she would enjoy it more with you than most men who would take her virginity. If she truly wants to know her sexual orientation, shouldn't she have the best of both experiences as a comparison. She's had me to see what a woman was like. Should she compare that to a boy with raging hormones who will likely hurt her the first time, last three minutes and be gone?"

"You're not on birth control are you?" I asked Wendy.

"No."

"Do we have any more condoms from before you started birth control?" I asked Rhonda.

"I don't know, Master, but they'd be over eight months old. How long do they last and retain their effectiveness?"

"I'll text Lisa and tell her we're making a stop and they should continue on home. Stop at a pharmacy."

"Yes, Master." 

"Does this mean you're going to fuck me?" Wendy asked.

"It only means I'm still thinking about it, but should be prepared." 

I started texting. Who was I kidding? If I bought condoms, I was going to fuck her. She was a lovely young woman, similar to Rhonda, slightly shorter, slightly bustier. Perhaps slightly smaller in the hips. Rhonda knew it too. She reached over and put her hand on my leg, squeezing it. I didn't exactly know why she'd be happy I was fucking her sister, but she genuinely seemed to consider it the best alternative. Maybe I just had a hard time understanding the slave mind.

******

After stopping at the drug store, we got home. Shasta was in the house with Bernice and Cedric. She was chatting with Julia. Sean was kneeling on the floor.

Shasta turned when we came in, saying, "I had to pick up my car. I left it parked in the driveway."

"We got to fly in a hellycopter, Sean," Cedric said. "It was so much fun." 

Shasta put her hand on his head and rubbed it. "It sure was. We need to get going now."

"Is Sean going home with us, Mama?"

"Not tonight, baby. Mama's still mad. Sean is still in time out."

Sean stared down at the floor, not saying a peep.

"I'll put Lucas down, Domina," Rhonda said, taking him to the nursery. "Wendy, come with me, pay attention to how to change a diaper."

"I need to put more cream on my piercing," Lisa said. "Excuse me."

"We'll put Sean in the basement, Shasta," Julia said. "He'll have a place to sleep for a few days."

"Thank you. I'll be here first thing in the morning."

"I think we should take another day off," Julia said. "It's been a busy weekend and we probably all need to decompress and rest up. Would you let the others know, Shasta."

"Of course. Thanks for everything. Let's go Mama. Cedric, it's past your bedtime." 

Shasta handed Julia a key. "This is for his cock cage." She took a last look at Sean before she left, holding Cedric's hand.

Sean started crying as soon as she was out the door.

"Stop sniveling and get up, slave," Julia said. "You brought this on yourself. We have a cot you can use. We can stick a comforter over the top to provide more cushion and give you sheets and a blanket. You can help make it up."

"Yes, Domina."

They went downstairs. Lisa was the first to return. 

"How are you, slave?"

"Horny and sore, Master."

"I know you can't fuck tonight. Do you want to sleep on your own or with us?"

"How many in the bed tonight, Master?"

"Without you, three for sure. I'm considering a fourth."

"Wendy?" I nodded. "I figured there was a reason for a drug store stop. Are you sure, Master?"

"I'm not sure of fucking anything, but Rhonda seems to be sure. It's her sister."

"Given you expect four in bed already, I'll take Rhonda's bed for the night, sir."

"Do you need to be restrained to keep you from rubbing yourself?"

"Not without someone else in the bed to release me in order to use the restroom, Master. I'll tough it out."

"I'm sorry."

"I'll be fine, sir."

"We just had our bonding ceremony. You shouldn't be all by yourself. This doesn't have to happen today. I'm not even sure if it should happen at all." 

"It's not like I can fuck anyway, sir. You've fucked me three times more recently than any of the other slaves."

"You're not important to me solely for the sex, Lisa. You're important because you're you and I love you."

Julia came up from the basement. "Sean's set up, sir. He's distraught, but he'll be okay. I've spoken to him some. He knows what he's done wrong and what he needs to do if given another chance."

"Thank you, Julia."

Rhonda and Wendy both came out of the nursery. 

"Can I get fucked now?" Wendy said.

"No, I'm sorry, you can't" I said. "You're welcome to stay and if you want, you can sleep with Rhonda, but that's up to her."

"I thought it was all set. It's why you bought condoms, isn't it?"

"It was, and we might eventually use them, but I just went through a very important ceremony with my slaves. As important as a wedding, really. I've not fucked my wife since that ceremony, which is a little like not fucking her on her honeymoon. Although I have fucked Lisa three times since then because she was getting her piercing, she's sore and should be with her loved ones, which is her sister slaves and me. I assume you'd want your sister to be there for you, and since Julia should be there because she deserves some of my attention, that puts five people in the bed, which is too goddam many. To shove Lisa out of my bed so I can fuck you, would be rude and disrespectful, and she doesn't deserve that.

"If there's one thing I would want anyone to teach you about sex, it is that it's always better if you have sex with someone you love. I love my slaves and I'm not going to make any of them second fiddle to you to satisfy your curiosity. They deserve better from me and I intend to give them exactly what they deserve. You'll just have to wait for a more opportune time. Tonight is not the time."

I put my arms around two of my slaves. "Sorry, cupcake, but no can do."

Wendy smiled at me. "I can wait - a little. I still want you to make me a woman though."

"I'll get around to it eventually. But don't be so impatient."

"Sis," Wendy said. "I'll let you stay with your family tonight. I'll be okay. If Julia's giving everyone time off tomorrow, you'll have time to show me more then." She blew her a kiss. "Goodnight all. Don't let the bed bugs bite." 

She walked up the stairs doing a slow strip tease the entire way, taking off her underwear just before she disappeared around the corner.

"She's quite a handful, Rhonda," Julia said.

"I wonder how my parents manage."

"I suspect she was a lot more timid Friday than she is today," Lisa said. "She was exposed to a lot."

I kissed all three of them. "If she sticks around, she'll be exposed to a lot more. All three of you have way too many clothes on for slaves."

"Yes, Master." Clothes flew everywhere.

******

JULIA

Last night, Master showed me how to add my fingerprints to Rhonda's biometric slave collar and devices so I could remove them for her work. He showed us how to light our badges sigils and collars and to turn them off when we needed to be more discrete. I got fucked twice before bed, once while Rhonda and I were in a sixty-nine, and both Rhonda and I were fucked again this morning, while we ate each other out. Poor Lisa didn't get any sex, although Master did spend time kissing her and caressing her lovely breasts before we went to sleep last night. We had to get up several times during the night, every three hours to apply Lisa's salve and once to feed Lucas. 

Master had to go to work today since he hadn't been home for two weeks, but we did manage to make him late for work. I helped Lisa shower and apply more salve afterward. Sean started banging away in the basement around nine when he heard us stirring. Working, since he had nothing better to do.

When we finally left the bedroom, we found Wendy sitting naked at the kitchen table eating a bowl of cereal with milk.

"It looks as if you need to buy groceries," Wendy said. "The milk is about to expire and you're low on eggs and other staples."

"I'll go shopping then," I told her.

"Can I go with?"

"Why not." 

Shasta started frying up bacon while Lisa fried eggs and sliced cheese. I was feeding Lucas again. We'd started giving him some baby food in addition to milk during some of his meals. We had enough eggs to make four egg sandwiches with bacon and cheese.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"Wendy, please call Sean up to have his sandwich," I said, spooning apple sauce in Lucas' tiny mouth.

She went to the door to the basement and called to him to come up for breakfast. He came up wearing the pair of shorts he'd worn in the truck.

"Why are you dressed, slave?" I asked.

"I knew the young Miss was up here and didn't know if you'd appreciate a naked man around her."

I pointed to her sitting around in her birthday suit. "It doesn't appear as if she cares much about nudity," I replied.

"Miss Wendy, is it okay if I remove my clothes?" He asked.

"I don't care." He started removing his shorts. Wendy paused a minute. "What about him? I mean I still want Scott to be my first, but can I use Sean to learn about men? Like, learn to suck cocks a little or something?"

I looked at Rhonda. "Well, he is controllable," she said. "He's not as big as Master, so he'll fit in her mouth easier. I don't see why not."

"I want to learn all about sex with men, experience it all. Are you going to let Scott fuck my ass?" Wendy asked.

"Not without preparation," I replied. "No one here has undergone anal sex without her bottom being prepared first."

"What's that mean, prepared?"

"Stretched out with the use of butt plugs," Rhonda replied. 

"Well, if Sean is smaller than Scott, maybe I should use him for my anal deflowering, work my way up to Scott."

Sean looked as if he was becoming uncomfortable. Despite his training, he appeared to be trying to suppress an erection. The cock cage was making it painful.

"Do I need to get the whip?" I asked him. "You should be trained better than this."

"No, Ma'am. I guess I thought I was done with sex unless Mistress took me back. This was a surprising development I was unprepared for."

His cock began shrinking again.

"What is that thing on his junk?" Wendy asked.

"It's a cock cage, used to help control male slaves," I said. "Just as Dominants sometimes use chastity belts to control female slaves, cock cages are used to control males. This one is relatively benign. It only prevents him from getting an erection without suffering pain. Some have sharp points on the inside and there are some which have protrusions which are inserted into the urethra. Some dominants also pierce the genitals of their male slaves, in the cock, balls or both."

"Why do it?" Wendy asked.

"Because we are subordinating our will to our Masters. Our bodies, our sexuality, even our orgasms belong to our Dominant. It's why I spanked Rhonda for cumming without your permission. I cannot have sex without his permission, not even to masturbate. Nor can Sean. If he didn't have a cock cage on, he might be tempted to relieve himself if he became aroused. This isn't allowed. If it weren't for her work, I would love to pierce your sister with a clitoral hood piercing such as I have. I don't believe she would be as effective as a police officer if she were having orgasms all the time. If not for that, I would be imposing my will on hers whether she wanted to or not."

"You guys have sex with each other rather frequently, I don't see you asking every time."

"Master loosened the restrictions on us having sex with each other. Unless it's strictly prohibited for some reason, we may have sex with each other, though not when we're supposed to be doing other things like working. I can't have sex with Sean, or even you, despite you being a female, unless Master tells me I can, only my sister slaves. When I'm having sex with him, I still have to have his permission to cum."

Wendy nodded thoughtfully. I ate my breakfast while feeding Lucas, topping him off with some of my milk.

"What's breast milk taste like?" Wendy asked, watching Lucas suckle.

"Would you like a taste?" I asked. "It's okay, since it's not really sex."

"Yes, please."

"Use the other one."

She came around the table, bent over and sucked gently on my nipple. She stopped after several seconds. 

"I'm not getting anything," Wendy complained.

"You didn't suck hard enough," I said. "Lucas has to suck really hard to get started, although it becomes easier once the milk starts flowing."

Wendy sucked again and she began drawing milk. She continued for a half minute, then stopped.

"Well?" I asked.

"Warmer than I thought it would be, sweeter than what I just had on my cereal. Not a lot of it."

"Which is why even with his tiny tummy, Lucas nurses for twenty minutes or so, and needed to nurse several times a day until he started getting more solid food. We've got him down to about five feedings. Breakfast, lunch, supper, pre-bed and midnight snack."

"How come you don't have nipple piercings like Rhonda and Lisa?"

"I was pregnant when I became a slave and I was warned by Brianna's slave who'd had children that new nipple piercings might interfere with milk delivery. I plan on getting them pierced when I stop nursing. Do you know how to change a diaper now?"

"Rhonda showed me last night."

"Come with me now and show me what you learned, but before putting a new diaper on, we'll give him a bath."

Wendy followed me to the nursery and showed me how to remove the old diaper and clean Lucas with diaper wipes, disposing of everything properly. I showed her how to give him a bath, oil and powder him afterward before she put a new diaper on. We put him in his crib. I wound his mobile which played a soft lullaby and kept him entertained until he fell asleep. 

"The nice thing about having sister slaves in a domestic setting besides being able to give each other sex," I whispered, "is sharing the responsibility of chores. Lisa and Rhonda cooked breakfast and cleaned up afterward while I took care of feeding Lucas. Sometimes, we switch off and they'll feed him while I cook and clean, except for the breast milk. But they'll get up at night and bring him to me for his feeding as opposed to me getting up all the time. Master helps too, so it's four of us working together and no one person is stuck doing everything. Rhonda listens for the baby monitor during the day while she sleeps as I might not hear it over the power tools.

"When Lisa and Rhonda have babies, we'll work together to take care of theirs. We've decided that each of us will all be mothers to whatever children we have. Lucas isn't my child; he's our child, and if we should ever break up, which I can't ever foresee, everyone will have visitation rights. Kind of like the three musketeers, 'All for one...'"

"And one for all," Wendy continued. "I like your arrangement. You get along so well together. Not like my house where people squabble a lot."

"It's harder to squabble when all three are slaves and one person has ultimate control over all three," tiptoeing out of the room, still whispering. "Masters do not like squabbling slaves and can punish us if we do."

"What's the worst you've ever been punished and why?" Wendy asked as we reentered the kitchen.

"I was caned eight times, not allowed an orgasm for twenty-four hours while kept aroused, and made to serve the Mistress of the slaves I attempted to use for myself for one day. Because Master was deprived of my services for that time, he also punished me afterward. Unfortunately, because Lisa knew about my transgression and failed to stop it, she was also punished. The cane marks on our buttocks lasted for over a week."

"What about my sister?"

"This was just before your sister became my slave. Get dressed and we'll go grocery shopping while Lucas is sleeping."

"What about Rhonda and Lisa?" 

"They'll remain home and listen for the baby if he wakes up and I'm sure they'll nap since Lisa had to wake up every three hours to put her cream on."

"What about me, Ma'am?" Sean asked. I'd told him not to use Domina since he wasn't my slave. Apparently, he still felt uncomfortable calling me by name, since I'd threatened to strip him and whip him on the highway last night. Ma'am was okay. I didn't have a problem with it.

"If you can work without disturbing their rest, you may, otherwise be quiet and contemplate how to gain the good graces of your Mistress again."

"Yes, Ma'am."

Wendy and I got dressed. She wore her usual. I dressed more conservatively than usual since I now had a collar, cuffs, and slave badge dangling from my cunt which I could no longer remove. Unless it was lit, it was somewhat discrete, but not invisible.

Wendy continued to ask many questions of me, some of which I answered, some of which I didn't because I didn't want to talk about them in public. 

In the car, some of the questions were, "What should I know about men and sex?" "What's the difference between younger men and older men?" "Did I like oral sex and why?" "What's it like when a man cums in my mouth?"

My answers were. "Men are very visual. They like to see themselves having sex, watch their cocks slide into our mouths and pussies or asses. I can be blindfolded and enjoy sex just as much. If a man were blindfolded, I doubt he would cum as quickly as when he can watch himself fucking. They rely on visual cues very much, which is why they like naked photos and porn. Women can get as much out of reading a risqué story. It's why Master loves for his slaves to be naked."

"Young men think about sex all the time. Probably over a hundred times or more a day. It might not be for long each time, but they will think about it. They might catch a girl smiling in a physics lecture and think about her lips wrapped around his cock. Young men are probably trying to think of a way to get into your panties almost constantly. Hormones are running rampant. Master said he could masturbate fifteen or twenty times a day when he was younger. He didn't, but could. Men hit their sexual peaks in late teens or early twenties. Women hit their peaks in their mid-thirties, which is one of the reasons I'm so fucking aroused all the time and can fuck for hours. Although young men think about sex more, they get it less. They're not married or as self assured. The girls they're around may be virgins or abstaining because they're not on birth control or still living at home. Plus those girls aren't at their sexual peaks or as confident in themselves. Young men will cum easier and get erections faster after cumming. Older men will last longer during sex, but need more time to recover without encouragement, which is why it helps us to know how to suck cock. I may not receive an orgasm from fellatio, but I will get a hard cock to fuck me after."

"I like oral sex with both men and women. What's not to like."

"You'll soon find out. If you're going to practice on Sean, you will be eating his cum." 

By the time we got home and put away the food, Wendy was eager to practice. I told her to get Sean again and to tell him to take a shower, and for her to take one as well. 

"Wake up Rhonda. She can shower with you. If we need to demonstrate anything, she'll have to demonstrate it. I can give her permission to have sex. I don't have permission myself."

Wendy rushed downstairs and then rushed back, going into my bedroom to wake her sister. When Sean followed after, I removed his cock cage.

"Wash thoroughly," I said. "I want Wendy to enjoy her first experiences with sex. Use the bathroom upstairs you shared with your Mistress when you spent the night."

"Yes, Ma'am."

I went into the bedroom, stripped off my clothes and got the whip. A little encouragement never hurt in controlling a slave who'd been without sex for a couple days. Lisa's alarm went off again and she woke up to put more cream on. 

"Wendy's about to practice on Sean," I said. "Would you like to watch?"

"Watching is no fun when I can't have sex myself. It just makes it worse."

"Go back to sleep then and listen for Lucas."

"Okay." She turned over and closed her eyes. I kissed her forehead.

"I love you," I said and she smiled sleepily.

Both Rhonda and Wendy joined me in the altogether. We went into the living room. Sean joined us a few minutes later. He noticed the whip in my hand because I made sure to swish it a few times.

"Lie down on the couch, Sean. You're not to get an erection until I give you permission." I smacked the whip against my other hand as a pointed reminder.

"Yes, Ma'am."

"Wendy, crouch down between Sean's legs. You're going to begin by just touching his cock and balls. He's not supposed to get an erection, so just play with it for a few minutes. Get used to how it feels. Put it in your mouth and taste him. Put all of him in your mouth. Lick and kiss his sack, suck on his nuts. When you're fairly comfortable with a flaccid cock, we'll let him start to grow in your mouth."

She did exactly as I asked, playing with him with her hands at first, then licking and sucking the tip, before taking his entire cock in her mouth and sucking gently. Then she held his shaft and worked on his balls for awhile, licking and sucking them. Finally, she licked back up his cock and took all of him again, bobbing up and down his flaccid organ, mimicking a blow job. She looked up at us with a gleam in her eye. 

"I think I'm ready for more."

"Sean, when she starts sucking your cock again, you may allow yourself to become erect, but under no circumstances may you cum without permission, or I will whip your cock and balls. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Ma'am," gulping.

"Wendy, when you suck him this time, the slave will allow himself to get hard. You may not be able to get all of his cock in your mouth anymore. That's okay. We can teach you some tricks which will help later. For now, just play a little bit like you did before. Feel him grow in your mouth. Cup his balls and feel what happens to them. He may release pre-cum from his erection. Its slippery stuff the body uses to make his cock slicker to more easily penetrate a cunt, similar to the stuff your own body produces to make your cunt slicker. You can lick it off. It's virtually tasteless. Remember your previous lessons regarding oral sex. Pay attention to what his body tells you as you play with him, what he seems to like or might be indifferent to. When it's time to let him cum, you'll want to do some of the things his body told you it liked. Do you understand?"

"Yes, okay. I understand."

"Begin."

Wendy started once more, although this time, Sean did get hard. Much like when she touched Jerry's cock, she was fascinated by it, touching, licking, sucking. I let her play with it for fifteen minutes. Sean was as hard as a diamond drill bit, twitching every time she did something new.

"Suck him as deep as you can inside your mouth without gagging," I said.

Wendy got about four inches of him into her mouth before she halted.

"Rhonda is going to demonstrate how to deep throat Sean," I said. "You still can't cum, Sean. Save it for Wendy."

"Yes, Domina."

"Sean has a nice average cock," Rhonda explained, "a good solid six inches or so. Some of the cocks you'll end of sucking will be bigger, some smaller. This works for all size cocks, though the bigger a cock is, the harder you'll have to work to get all of it down."

Holding his cock at the base, Rhonda sank all the way down, embedding him in her throat. She rose up and explained how she'd done it, then went slower, showing Wendy every step of the process. She pointed to her throat while he was buried in her and showed how deep he was, showing the bump formed, then came back up, taking several deep breaths. 

"You can breathe through your nose, and that helps, but eventually you block even the airway from your nose. It helps to take some deep breaths, because you might end up holding your breath if the dick is deep enough. You have control at the moment as Sean isn't trying to fuck your throat, but some men want to do it and you need to make sure they give you some time to breathe on occasion or you'll pass out. Now you try it."

It took Wendy about ten times before she got all of his cock down her throat, her lips wrapped around the base as she fondled his sack.

She came up for breath, gasping. "That is so fucking cool," she said.

"Sean is good to practice on because he has control," I said. "If you do it with someone who doesn't have control, they may grab your head and hold you over their cock. Rhonda can show you what you can do when a man does that. It's one reason you may wish to cup his sack in your hand. If you can't breathe, squeeze his nuts a little while pushing on him to let him know you can't get any air. If you squeeze too hard, they might try to hit you if they're not nice, so don't crush their nuts to start, but don't let yourself pass out either. Bad things can happen to you if you're unconscious. 

"Almost everything having to do with sucking a cock from now on are just variations of everything you've already done. You can go straight up and down, do a circular motion as you go up and down. Use lots of tongue or as little tongue as you can. You can pay attention to the crown or his whole shaft. You can lick, kiss and suck to your hearts content. But now we need to get serious."

"Okay," Wendy said.

"Sean hasn't cum yet and he's feeling it. He'd really like to cum soon as his balls are becoming painful. Shortly after you start sucking him again, I'm going to allow him to cum. He hasn't cum in a couple days and you've been playing with his prick for over half an hour. He will flood your mouth with sperm. Expect it. I want you to swallow all of it, as much as you can. 

"It will be thicker and saltier than female cum. Different cum tastes different. It was the texture that used to bother me, kind of a thick, slimy feel to it. Men like it when you swallow their cum; to feel you continue to suck as they're cumming. It makes their orgasms more enjoyable. If you're going to suck cocks, you might as well do it right and swallow their cum. Get used to the taste and texture, so you can give your partner maximum pleasure from the experience. As someone told you earlier, you can't get pregnant from swallowing. So a blow job might keep someone from fucking you before you're on birth control and you ending up with an unneeded child. Are you ready?"

Wendy nodded her head. 

"Go ahead then. Put your hand on his balls so you can feel him about to cum."

I waited until she'd been working him over for another minute and a half. "On the count of ten, Sean; you can cum. One, two,..." Counting upward until I reached ten. 

Sean groaned mightily and exploded, jet after jet of his milk spurting from his cock. Wendy struggled to keep up with it, but doing better than I expected, considering her lack of expertise. She lost a little dribbling out around her lips, because she didn't have a perfect seal, but she kept swallowing and managed to capture most of it."

She was breathless when he stopped. 

"Squeeze as much as you can out of his prick and lick the balance that leaks out," I said. "Make sure you clean up after yourself and don't leave any for someone else to clean up."

Wendy did so.

"Well?" I asked when she'd tugged the last few drops out. "How was it?"

"Not as bad as I thought it would be. I think it helps that it's warm and hasn't started congealing yet. I suppose it was a little like eating Cream of Wheat. I'm not crazy about the taste, but I can get it down."

"Good. Now do it again. Sean is going to react naturally to what you're doing. I'm not going to delay his erection or his orgasm. Pay attention to his reactions and slap his belly when you think he's going to cum. I want to see if you can recognize the signals he's giving out. He shouldn't have nearly as much sperm the second time around as he did this time, so you shouldn't lose a drop when he climaxes. I'm going to quiz you afterward about what you thought he liked when you were sucking him. Rhonda, since it seems your sister no longer needs your assistance, your Domina does." 

I leaned back in the easy chair and spread my legs for my slave. I was able to pay enough attention to what Wendy was doing to recognize Sean's trigger points and when he was close to his climax. Wendy didn't notice as soon as I did, but she patted her stomach about five seconds before he shot his next load. Wendy didn't lose a drop.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"What did Sean like, Wendy?" I asked when she was done.

"He likes when I get all of his cock down my throat, but he really liked it when I licked and sucked just under the head of his dick. He really moaned and squirmed when I did that."

"That's called the frenum, and it is a sensitive spot which most circumcised men enjoy. Very good. Sean, I need to replace your cock cage, after which you may return to the basement or go out to the patio. I don't expect you to keep working with everyone else having the day off."

"I'd like to Ma'am, to show Mistress I can work hard without her." 

"As you wish." I replaced his cage and he returned to the basement.

"Wendy, when Master gets home, you will suck his cock tonight. Have him sit in his easy chair and tell him you need to practice. As Rhonda said, Master is bigger than Sean. You might not be able to get all of his cock down your throat tonight. I don't necessarily expect you to. Getting all of his cock in your mouth is less important than the pleasure you're able to give him. If you can't get him all down without gagging or scraping his prick with your teeth, don't. Just give him the best experience you can. Quality is more important than depth. He hasn't cum since this morning, so he'll have more cum than Sean did the second time, but less than the first."

"If he's going to fuck me tonight, shouldn't I avoid draining his balls?" Wendy asked. "Will he be able to orgasm again? He's not as young as Sean."

"He's not ancient. He gets lots of practice fucking. After all of the fucking you witnessed him doing yesterday, he was able to fuck me twice last night, and both Rhonda and I once this morning. He may not feel like it, but he would probably be able to cum four more times tonight after you suck him, without straining too much. We can let two of those be yours. The nice thing about draining him once early is he'll have more stamina and can fuck longer. Better for needy slaves.

"One more thing. As much as possible, watch his face while you suck his cock. Men like to know that you know, you are sucking their cock, and not daydreaming about some other cock you'd like to be sucking."

We fixed a light lunch and ate. I put some in the fridge with a note for Lisa in case she got hungry. I grabbed the baby monitor and we went out by the pool to enjoy the sun before it was time to make supper. When Lisa got up, all three of us called the nearest place offering to do laser hair removal. We got appointments two weeks in the future, Rhonda first thing in the morning so she could go straight from work, Lisa and I late in the afternoon so we didn't miss too much work and Rhonda could fix supper. 

******

SCOTT

I came home to the scent of something delicious cooking in the oven. Wendy greeted me at the door, naked and lovely. She took my hand and led me to a big comfy chair in the living room. 

"Sit down, please. I need to practice sucking cock, Mr. Rivers. I've been practicing on Sean, but Julia said I should have more practice with a larger prick."

Ah. It was bound to happen eventually. At least I'd satisfied both of my slaves last night and paid attention to Lisa.

"Would you like me to shower first," I asked.

Wendy thought about it for a moment. "No, not everyone whose cock I suck will have just come from a shower. I should get used to the other kind as well."

"Very well." I sat down and waited. Nothing happened. I think she was expecting me to remove it myself. Instead I sat there looking at her.

She watched me, waiting for something to happen. 

"I'm accustomed to my slaves retrieving that which they want to play with on their own without my help," I said.

The light went on over her head and she knelt down on the floor, pulling down my zipper and fishing my cock out of my pants and out of my boxers briefs. I was half hard already given this young woman was going to be sucking my cock. She smiled and held it for a few moments, eyeing it as it grew before her eyes. 

"It really is larger." She kissed the head, then slid her lips over the crown and down my shaft, getting down about five inches before going back up. "This is going to be a challenge."

She went down on my cock again, getting another half inch or so. I could tell my slaves had been working with her. I could feel her swallowing as she tried to go farther. She had to go back up for more air. She gave it two more tries, actually getting to within a half inch of the base of my dick, really struggling to get it down. At some point, she decided it wasn't worth it and really started working what she could take easily. I leaned back. She was quite skilled for a beginner. Since she couldn't go all the way up and down, she started working side to side and swirling around my shaft with her tongue. All the while she looked at me with a smile on her lips and a gleam in her liquid brown eyes.

Her hand went in my pants and massaged my sack, caressing my balls while she continued bobbing up and down three quarters of my shaft. I was moaning.

Julia came out of the kitchen.

"How is she doing, Master. Is she proving adequate?"

"More than adequate. You've done a good job in just a few hours."

Wendy reached under me to pull more of me out my fly, lightly stroking my cock while she nibbled on my nuts, lightly tugging on the wrinkled skin with her teeth. That was new, no one had ever done that before. She sucked a testicle into her mouth, running her tongue over it. That was one of Julia's signature moves. Back to the crown, more swirling tongue action, more sucking, more kissing, more licking. I moaned some more. She was going to make me cum soon. Had she been trained to swallow, or would I end up with cum all over my pants? Should I warn her or let her be surprised? 

Ah, it felt so good. My abs tensed, my legs tightened, my glutes flexed. It was everything I could do to keep from grabbing the top of her head and jamming her down over my cock until she'd swallowed it all. I felt my cock engorge as the cum surged up my shaft, spewing a lot of sperm into Wendy's mouth. She calmly kept her lips wrapped around my wand as she gulped the creamy stuff down. Finally, my pulses ended. She calmly squeezed out a few more drops and licked them up. No messy pants. Really, a superb job of cock sucking from someone who hadn't done it before today. She even tucked me back in and zipped me up.

Julia patted the top of Wendy's head. "Good job."

"I couldn't quite get him all the way down. I'll need to practice some more."

"I know, but you realized you couldn't and then did the best possible job with what you could do. Master was pleased."

"How do you know?"

"Because he orgasmed relatively quickly for a neophyte cock sucker. Rhonda took longer to make him cum the first time she did it."

"Really?"

"Definitely. You have a lot of potential sucking cocks. If you want to take your shower, sir, go ahead. Dinner will be ready in fifteen minutes. Wendy, let Sean know we're serving supper in fifteen. He's to eat with us."

Wendy ran downstairs and I kissed my wife. "Teaching young women to suck cocks, slave? Have you no shame?"

"She is determined to know, Master. Rhonda demonstrated some. We talked her through the rest. I'm surprised she did so well. She only did it twice with Sean. Although it's handy having someone with that much control. He makes a good training tool. Lisa slept most of the day. Wake her up on your way to the shower. She ate lunch on her own. I don't want her to eat supper the same way. In fact, you should feed her. I know you can't play with her cunt, but I'm sure other parts of her might welcome some attention from her Master."

"I love you, Julia."

She kissed me. "I know, sir."

******

At supper, I fed Lisa, spending lots of time kissing and coddling her, unfortunately having to avoid her pussy. 

"I'm so horny, Master," she moaned. "I wish you could touch me."

"I do too, my love," kissing her again.

Lucas started crying, heard on the baby monitor. "I'm sure he's hungry," Julia said. "I'll get him."

"I might as well get him," Lisa said, getting off my lap, "I've got nothing better to do."

"You could lick my cunt," Rhonda said. "I just can't lick you back."

Lisa stuck her tongue out at Rhonda, flipping her the bird. "Thanks for nothing."

She returned with Lucas, giving him to Julia to breast feed while she started mixing some baby food. 

"How was your day?" I asked Sean.

"Unexpected, sir."

"I imagine so."

"Sir, do you think Mistress might take me back?"

"I don't know. I would be quite upset if one of my slaves tried to restrict access to anyone else. Nearly as much as I'd be if anyone tried to take my slaves from me. Why would you attempt to do so?"

"I've found myself falling in love with my Mistress, sir. Seeing her get ready to go out with other men on dates was driving me nuts. I'd try to cajole her into staying home or offer to fuck her if it's what she wanted. She said she'd tell me what she wanted when she wanted it. I couldn't help myself."

"This despite the fact she was letting you fuck her mother, and the other sex you were getting during the cum breaks arranged at work, and fucking my slaves while I was gone."

Sean looked down at his plate. "Yes, sir."

"Sounds pretty shitty on your part. You get to fuck anyone your Mistress allows you to, but she can only fuck you. Do you think that's love?"

"I don't understand, sir."

"Sounds similar to what I was doing with my slaves. My attitude towards them was 'I can fuck anyone I want. You can fuck a few other women, but don't fuck any other men. It makes ME feel bad when you fuck another man, so don't. Despite how you might feel about me fucking other women instead of you, I still get to fuck them. If I should choose not to give you my cock, you still can't have any other cock but mine, even if you have to wait a couple weeks for it.' I had no restrictions but they had plenty. Despite my being gone for a week at a time, and their increased need for sex, cock was off the table. They loved me enough to allow me sex with any other slave willing to have me, but I didn't love them enough to return the favor. I began to realize that's a pretty one-sided perspective, and not really reflective of love at all. I'm concerned for myself, but not for the person I'm supposed to love. Should love be that selfish? Shouldn't love be giving, as well as receiving? Why do you think I told my slaves you could fuck them? Because I didn't care who they fucked or because I should be as generous as they are?"

"It bothered you when I fucked your slaves, sir?"

"Do you think I'm immune to the same feelings of jealousy you have? I'm not. Nor do I think my slaves are immune to feelings of jealousy either. Just because they're willing to allow me to fuck other people, doesn't mean they feel nothing when I do. I believe women are more giving than men and we're more possessive. Perhaps it's a biological imperative developed over millions of years so we would know it's our offspring we're raising and know our genetic material was being passed into future generations. But the reality today is, my women are on birth control and won't get pregnant unless I allow them to. When we want to have children, I can restrict who they fuck. Which reminds me, Lisa. You can stop your birth control pills now. I'm going to get you pregnant. Until you are, the only vaginal fucking you may have is with me. Your mouth and ass will remain available to others." I blew her a kiss. She returned to the table with the baby food.

"Yes, sir. Thank you, Master."

Julia squeezed Lisa's hand. Rhonda got up and kissed her.

"I came to the realization that my slaves loved me, and wouldn't do anything to harm me, and in fact, did all they could to make sure I was content, happy and well fucked. If I didn't love them enough to do the same for them, I was a selfish bastard who didn't deserve such wonderful and amazing women. That's why you got to fuck them, Sean, because they deserved it; not you. I could give two shits about you, but my slaves deserved whatever pleasure I could give them.

"Your Mistress was responsible for your pleasure, and she gave you a lot of latitude. She could have restricted your sex only to her, only when she wanted, and fucked anyone else she wants irregardless of your feelings on the matter. She could have left you chained to her bed, fucking you that way. Instead, she underwent counseling so she could fuck you normally, gradually expanded your access to her by surrendering both her mouth and her ass. She let you fuck other people, and you repay her by trying to cut her off from any other source of pleasure. Is it any wonder why you're here now instead of with your Mistress?"

"No, sir," he admitted. "It's not."

"Whether or not she's willing to give you another chance is totally up to her. At this point, I couldn't recommend it to her because you're far more selfish than any slave has a right to be. If she does give you another chance, you should be kissing her feet and licking her ass in thanks for the opportunity to serve her. If she wanted to fuck the entire San Francisco Forty-niners football team, you should be greasing her ass and sucking them hard to do it. That's my feelings on the subject."

"Yes, sir."

"Now for some reason known only to themselves, my slaves want me to take the virginity of this beautiful young woman. How and why they can be so generous is beyond me. The fact the young woman herself is interested in fucking someone sixteen years older than herself escapes me. But the fact they all do is a bit of a miracle, and I shall endeavor to do the best I can to ensure not a single person regrets her choice. I suggest you return to your dog house and contemplate your circumstances, while I sing their praises to the universe, but not before you do all the kitchen clean up. If they're going to use you for cock sucking lessons and feed you, you can pull your freight for their generosity."

"Of course, sir."

"Ladies," I said, standing up and holding out my arms for them to take. "Our bed and an evening of fun awaits."

"I'll put Lucas to bed, Julia," Lisa said, reaching out her arms to take him. 

Julia handed him over. "Thank you, Lisa." She took one of my arms and Wendy took the other.

We walked to the bedroom. Wendy was practically bouncing on the balls of her feet, wanting to drag me faster than I was moving.

"I'm finally going to become a woman!" she exclaimed.

"Being a woman is more than getting fucked in the cunt," I said. "Your sister was a woman long before she fucked me. If you wish to have an example of womanhood, you could do a lot worse than any of the three women I share this house with."

"I still want to know what it's like," she demurred. 

"Understandable, however, to make sure you get the maximum benefit of your experience we're going to do it a certain way. I'm going to take my time and do it right. After all, the status of all future men is on the line. If you don't enjoy it, I may be the last man to fuck you as well as the first. I know Rhonda took good care of representing womankind. I have to do the same."

Wendy giggled. "So what do we do?"

"We lie down and kiss."

"That's it?"

"For now. You haven't done much making out with men. You need to try it."

I got down on the bed and pulled Wendy into my arms, lying face to face. Julia and Rhonda got on the bed as well, immediately going into a sixty-nine together. I kissed Wendy. I spent the next ten minutes doing nothing but kiss her. I loosely held her in my arms and kissed her lips, her face, her brows, her ears and her neck. Soft nuzzling kisses, tracing her throat and shoulders, before returning to her lips and parting mine to draw her tongue in, tangoing together. Then I did it again, lightly running my hands over her torso while my mouth did the same above.

Caressing her breasts, her nipples already hard and stiff, puckering. My hand stroking her waist, her hips, her bottom. She was panting slightly and rubbing her groin against my prick. She tried reaching for my cock. "Not yet," I whispered. "We have lots of time. 

So she did the same to me, her hands exploring my chest, my hips, feeling the hardness as I held her against me. Still kissing, circling back to her breasts, thumbing a nipple, squeezing it, making her moan deep in her throat, which I captured on my lips. Finally, reaching between her legs, parting them while our tongues played tag. The quick intake of breath when I felt her dewy softness, my fingers resting lightly on her folds. Her legs parting more, giving me space to explore. Kissing down her neck, across the tops of her full bosom, around the outside and under before capturing a nipple in my mouth, sucking the bullet hard bump. A finger sliding down her slit, soaked in her juices, until I hit the opening to her liquid treasure. Another moan, not smothered, as it made its way inside, lingering. Sometime in the middle of it, I saw Lisa had returned and was caressing Julia's ass as she and Rhonda orally caressed each other.

Kissing my way down her flat belly, fluttering under my lips as I moved lower, my finger moving no more than an inch or so, in and out, teasing the soft flesh. Kissing the short, springy, curly hair over her cleft, tasting dampness, tasting her sex, tangy and ever so faintly sweet. Another gasp as I pushed the finger in all the way and licked my way down to our juncture. A deeper moan as a second finger joined the first and I licked my way back to her clit. I rubbed her g-spot, her pussy palpitating as she climaxed for me.

"Oh, God! I'm cumming," Wendy whimpered. "It feels so good."

Licking up the liquid leaking from her pussy, her body preparing for her fucking.

"Climb over my face and suck my cock," I whispered, turning so I was lying flat. 

She flung herself over me and covered my prick with her mouth, moving down, taking half of me, then up and down. I licked her to another panting orgasm, frozen over my mouth but for the fluttering of her pussy.

I pulled my face out of her perfumed garden and said, "You're ready. I want you to mount me. You need to put a condom on first. Go as fast or slow as you'd like. Take your time. Enjoy yourself."

She gave one more bob down my prick before getting up, reversing herself and squatting over my thighs, tearing open the wrapper.

"How's this thing supposed to go on?" Wendy asked.

"It's rolled down over it, like nylon stockings," Rhonda said, helping her to roll it down to cover my cock.

Wendy got on her hands and knees, crawling up until she was over my hips, poised to lower herself. 

"Rhonda, help her," I said and I felt Rhonda's hand aiming my prick at her younger sister's cunt, just before Wendy lowered herself over the head.

"It feels so big," Wendy said. "Can I take all of it?"

"Yes, but there's still no rush. You're in control. Go as slow as you want," Rhonda said, echoing me. "Master won't fuck you until you're ready."

Dropping down a bit, then rising up until I barely touched her, slowly sliding down a bit farther, then up, teasing my crown. Down a bit more, moaning, "I'm so full," though not yet completely penetrated. Telling my slaves to suck her nipples, hard as acorns. Two mouths clamping over them, sucking. Another moan, another inch deeper. Bouncing a little, halfway down, up an inch, down and inch and a half. Up an inch, down a fraction more. So tight and wet, gasping in pleasure.

Glancing down, saying "You're almost there." A quick inhalation as she seated herself over my shaft.

"Mmmm," Wendy moaned. "So full. So good, so fucking fantastic."

Daring to rise up and slam herself down. "Fuck! I'm cumming again." Her sheath clamping around my shaft, attempting to strangle it, riding the waves of her orgasm. The tremors passing, moving again, up, down, back and forth. I let her ride me to one more orgasm before asking her to stop.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
"You haven't cum yet, have you?" She asked. "I thought I would notice it more, like when you climaxed in my mouth."

"No, but I want to change positions," I said. "Lie on your back."

Wendy grinned and got on her back. I crouched between her legs and put her legs over my arms. I inched up until I was ready to penetrate her. Pushing forward so her legs were nearly bent double, I slammed into her pussy.

"Oh, fuck," she screamed. "Jesus you're deep. I'm cumming again."

My previous orgasm and the wrapper deadened the sensations enough I fucked her to two more orgasms before I climaxed into the condom. My cock shrinking and not wanting sperm to leak from the condom, I finally pulled out.

"Rhonda, lick me quick. I want to compare fucking to licking right away to see if I have a preference," Wendy whimpered.

Rhonda glanced at me, then continuing to hold Wendy's legs up, dove between them. She licked her to two more orgasms with us watching. I have to admit, I started getting hard again watching the older sister nestled in the cunt of the younger, lapping up her cum.

Lisa noticed my stiffening shaft and pushing me on my back, sucking me back to a full erection. 

"Do you want to fuck that sweet young thing again, Master?" Lisa asked.

"Does it show?" I laughed. "Have Wendy ride her sister. If she wants a comparison, we'll do both at once."

Julia and Lisa got them arranged them in a sixty-nine with Wendy on top. Wendy was doing as much licking as Rhonda was. I put on another condom and spread Wendy's legs a little more and crouched behind her. As she was orgasming the third time on Rhonda's tongue, I slid back into her cunt and she exploded harder, gasping, temporarily abandoning Rhonda's cunt, moaning, eyes closed. I fucked her for over three minutes before she finally lowered her face to lick Rhonda's pussy again. I'd last even longer this time. I told Lisa to give me some lube.

"She hasn't been prepared, sir," she said, thinking I was going to use Wendy's ass next. I was, but not how she thought. 

"I'm not heartless," I said, "give me the lube."

Lisa handed it to me and I dripped a few drops in Wendy's crevice to make it nice and slick. Then, as I fucked her, I ran my thumb up and down the crease over her puckered star. 

"Oh, shit! What are you doing back there," Wendy gasped, shivering.

"Nothing you don't want to happen," I growl throatily.

I ignore the shivers and continue playing with her rosebud, Wendy suddenly aware there was more than one hole available in her position. I didn't penetrate her yet, merely kept teasing as we fuck and her sister licks, but her orgasms now seem more intense and more frequent. I wait until I'm close to cumming and as soon as I feel the tremors of her next orgasm, insinuate my thumb an inch into her muscular ring, rubbing, in and out.

"Aaauuggghhhh," she screamed, cumming hard, actually squirting, inundating Rhonda and our bed. "Oh, God! Oh, God! Oh, God! Fuck me! Fuck me. Oh, God, I'm so sorry." Realizing she'd drenched her sister.

Of course, I'd never stopped fucking her, but I would soon. I was so close. I drove as deep as I could go into her cunt and let go, shuddering.

Wendy's shaking eventually eased and she slowly relaxed. Rhonda cleaned up what she could, but cum was everywhere. I pulled out, rapidly losing my erection.

"How was it?" I asked. "Was it everything you thought it would be?"

"Better. Much, much better," Wendy whispered. "Awesomely great. I'm so sorry about your bed. Did I pee on you, Rhonda? I'm so sorry if I did."

"No, thank goodness. Turns out you're a squirter, if properly stimulated anyway, but it's not urine."

"I'll help you change the sheets," she said, embarrassed. 

"We'll take care of the sheets," I said. "Why don't you and Rhonda take a shower together. You need to get home. Rhonda will take you."

"Wait! What do I need to do if I want to get fucked in the ass. That was kind of interesting what you did there at the end."

"We'll show you after your shower," Rhonda said. "Be aware you will have something in your asshole for the next several days. You'll sit on it, walk around with it, sleep with it and if you don't want our parents to know what you're doing, you'll need to be careful they don't find out."

"So which did you like better?" Julia asked. "Men or women?"

"I liked them both a lot, especially together. Must be bisexual, because I don't want to give up either one. That was totally amazing. No wonder you fuck like rabbits."

We all laughed at her enthusiasm. 

"Do any of you know anyone else who's squirted?" Wendy asked, getting off the bed and fully seeing the mess she'd made.

"Our friend Sarah squirted once. The woman we met on the Pacific Crest Trail who was at our ceremony with her slave, Ron. She doesn't do it all the time, just like you," Julia said. "She got me right in the face."

"Did you have your finger in her ass?"

"No. I just told her she couldn't cum and she had to hold back a long time."

"Maybe I should try that next."

"We'll put plastic sheeting down first," I said, laughing.

Rhonda and Wendy took a shower while the rest of us changed the sheets. When they both returned, Julia got her box of plugs from the toy drawer. She opened it and showed it to Wendy. 

"These are butt plugs, used for lots of different purposes, but one of the primary purposes is to stretch you for anal sex. You start with the smallest one," she held it up, "which is about the size of Master's thumb, which you just experienced. We'll put it inside of your anus, and you have to wear it inside of you for a day. After one day with that one inside you, you graduate to the next largest size, this one." She held the second largest one up. "Wear it for one day, then do the same for each one of these until you've used the largest one for twenty-four hours. At which point, you should be ready for anal sex. Although if you don't have it immediately, you may want to keep using them until you can."

"So theoretically, I could come back on Saturday night and get my ass fucking? What do I do if I have to go to the bathroom?"

"You remove it first, wash it good and replace it after you're done. Now I can give you this bottle of water based lubricant, but it's designed for sex and if your parents see it, they'll probably know you're having sex and ask about it. I don't recommend lying to them about it, so it's best they not find out in the first place. What they don't know, won't hurt them. In order to disguise the purpose, you can use Vaseline instead. It does the same thing and it's used for lots of things including chapped lips. They might not be as suspicious if they catch you with a small jar." 

"I'll take Vaseline if you have it."

Julia got out a small jar of petroleum jelly and handed it to Wendy. She turned and handed it to me.

"Scott, since you've already been up my booty, you want to stick it in there?"

Let's see, shove a piece of rounded glass into a young girl's bottom to prepare her for anal sex with me. Do I want to stick it in? Hmmm.

"No problem. Bend over and spread your legs."

She leaned over the bed, propped on her elbows, legs spread. She turned and looked back at me. 

"Go easy on me," she grinned. "It's only my second time."

"How old are you and why haven't you had sex before?" I asked. "It can't be because you're shy."

"I was. Honest. I could hardly speak to someone in coherent sentences. But this weekend...whoo. Watching all three of you get nailed on Saturday, spending the night with you, having Rhonda go down on me and vice versa, watching Marcia and Chantelle screwed in all three holes, it's like 'ding'. What was I so scared of? I have nothing to be scared of. Asking a boy or girl out afterward seems like a piece of cake. All I want is a date. What you went through was monumental compared to that. Seriously, it's nothing in comparison. I suddenly have a lot more confidence, like I know what I'm doing; and you're actually teaching me to do it so I will."

I opened the jar. "It's going to feel a little cold." I got a daub on my finger and smeared it on her crinkled brown star. She flinched when I started, but soon held still. I added a little more and pushed it in around the edges. I took the smallest plug and added some more jelly to the tip and barrel up to the widest part, after which it should slide right in. 

"Okay, as it reaches the wide part, you'll feel some pressure, then it will pop in up to the flange. It should stay seated. I suggest you wear fairly snug underwear to help keep it inside, though they usually do fine on their own."

She wiggled her butt. "I'm ready."

I touched the tip to her ring and pushed. It slid in fairly easily the first inch or so. After, I had to push harder and she grunted as it pushed through the maximum diameter.

"Stand up and walk around a bit."

She cautiously stood and took a few steps. 

"I can see where this could take a little getting used to," Wendy said. 

"Sit down on that wooden chair," Julia suggested.

Wendy sat down and there was a slight thunk as the glass hit wood.

"Oh, my," Wendy said. "That's interesting."

"Did you hear it clunk when you sat down?" Rhonda said. "Try to used cushioned chairs as much as possible or be careful lowering yourself onto the chair. If Mom and Dad hear it, they're going to wonder why your ass goes clunk. A difficult question to answer. Get dressed and grab your clothes. We're leaving in twenty."

Wendy hugged each of us, thanking us for our help, leaning up to kiss me. 

"I'll never forget you were my first. Thank you for making it such a wonderful experience."

"You're welcome."

"I really do plan on coming next Saturday. I'm actually looking forward to it." 

Wendy stuck out her ass, slapped her bottom and winked. Rhonda took Wendy to her room where she helped her dress and pack her things. They were out the door in twenty minutes.

"I hope we didn't create a monster," I said.

"Maybe having great regular sex will make her realize she doesn't need to be a submissive to have fun," Lisa said.

"God, I hate using rubbers," I said. "Lisa could you please get me hard enough to fuck Julia so I can feel what an unvulcanized cunt feels like, slick and wet?"

"Yes, Master," Lisa said, kneeling. "Do you really want me to quit using birth control?"

"Do you really want to have a baby?" I asked.

"Yes," she said, just before further speech became impossible.

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 59|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-59|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<em>Shasta sells her holes for sex at the first post-Ceremony poker game. Lisa is placed on a pre-pregnancy protocol; Scott's cock only in her pussy. This Chapter contains oral, anal, lesbian, and interracial sex. Regina is quite brutal in her use of Shasta with a strap-on. STD's and COVID don't exist in this fantasy world. </em>

<strong>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 59 - Post Ceremony Poker Game</strong>

JULIA

When Rhonda got home, she thanked Master for helping Wendy. Wendy hadn't been able to stop talking about it on the way home.

"You don't have to thank me for doing something so pleasant," he said. "I should be thanking you. It's been a long time since I fucked anyone that young."

"I know you were reluctant, sir, so I appreciate it anyway, on her behalf. It's not often a first time can be so rapturous."

Rhonda and I spent a little more time having sex. Rhonda didn't have to work again until Wednesday, so she was sleeping with us. Master was done for the night and Lisa was still on the no fly list. I spent some time cuddling her after. She still had to apply cream every three hours, so we were all somewhat disturbed during the night.

The following day when Shasta arrived, she brought more of Sean's clothes.

"I know he didn't have much with him when he returned from Brianna's," Shasta said, handing me a small suitcase. "I know he doesn't need much in the way of clothes, but he might need to go out for things."

"Yes, thank you, Mistress. We need to go out shopping today for web design stuff."

"Where is he?"

"He's already started work. We ate already."

"Good. He's not totally worthless then."

I went down with Shasta and handed Sean the suitcase. He stared at it for a moment, then put it beside his cot.

"You got anything to say, slave?" Shasta said.

"No, Mistress. I've lost my right to complain to you. All I have left for you are my actions."

Shasta grunted. As soon as everyone arrived, she put us to work. Sean worked harder than anyone. During our cum break at lunch, everyone else got pleasured but him. He quickly ate and went back to work.

At the end of the day, Shasta took Rhonda and I into our bedroom and made both of us lick her to four fast orgasms, two apiece. Lisa and Sean worked on supper and watched Lucas.

She lay in bed, breathing heavily after. "I've got to admit I miss that fucker. It's nice having someone to fuck regular."

"Are you going to give him another chance, Mistress?"

"I don't know yet. I'm still thinking about it. Cedric would love it. He loves Sean. He been the father Cedric never had. Which makes it hard for me to decide."

"I understand," Rhonda said. "It's easy to latch onto people when you need someone. The reality of my family largely ignoring me makes this family all the more important to me."

Shasta got up. "I'm probably going to need one or two of you every night until I decide what to do about Sean. I can't believe how much I want sex now I've had it again, only to lose it once more."

"Master doesn't mind as long as the work gets done, Mistress," I replied.

"Good. Maybe you don't mind him fucking me once or twice. Cunt licking is fine, but now I've had cock, don't want to give it up."

"My Master's cock will always be available should you need it, Mistress."

She patted my cheek. "Good girl. Wish Sean was this obedient."

"Yes, Mistress. Me too. Every time he fucks you, is one less time he can fuck us. But Lisa's out of commission until tomorrow anyway. In fact, you may wish to fuck him tonight, as I'm the only one he needs to pleasure. You can stay for supper if you wish and partake of his services after. I need to go shopping with Sean anyway, buy him the computer and software he needs."

"I'd like for Sean to watch Scott fuck me. See how he reacts. See if he be a shit about it again."

"Go ahead, Mistress. We'll buy what we need off Amazon after you've left."

"Thank you. Leave my cum on your face for your Master to see."

"Yes, Mistress," two voices responding to her order.

We left the bedroom as Master was coming home.

"Master, if it pleases you, Shasta is going to stay for supper tonight and would like you to fuck her later as she doesn't have a slave at the moment. She says she misses cock now she's accustomed to it."

I was watching Sean, waiting for his reaction. He stopped stirring the food cooking on the stove for two or three seconds, before stirring again, but otherwise, I couldn't tell how he took it. He wasn't looking our way.

Shasta and Master were looking at each other so I'm not sure they noticed.

"I can help her with that," Master replied. "Gladly. Shasta is a lovely young woman."

Sean kept stirring, saying nothing.

"Thank you, Scott. I was thinking a couple orgasms in my cunt, maybe a couple more in my ass if you last that long."

"If you help me cum once before supper, I'm sure I can accommodate you."

"Just have a seat over there and I'll take care of you," she said. She pointed to a chair within sight of the kitchen.

"Do you want me to take a shower first?"

"No. I like a man who smell of honest, hard working sweat."

Master smiled at her. I suspected he knew what she was doing. Shasta normally appreciated a bed for comfort. He sat down and even removed his cock from his pants, already starting to engorge with blood. Shasta got on her knees, not because she was a slave, but because it would be more comfortable for her. She enveloped Master in her mouth. Master made quite the show of it, moaning and groaning more than he usually did. I kept an eye on Sean. He kept doing what he was supposed to, though he glanced a couple times as Shasta moved up and down Master's prick. He didn't say a peep and worked on supper.

Master moaned with great fanfare when he orgasmed. "Shit, Shasta! Great blow job." He kept grunting as he bucked into her rapidly sucking mouth. "Swallow all my cum."

I was reminded of the first time I fucked Sam and tried to make Master feel bad for passing me around to everyone for fucking, everyone but him. I'd squealed far more than necessary. Sam was a fine fucker, but he wasn't that good.

When we sat down, Master fed Lisa, trying to keep her entertained and amused while her ban on sex still lasted. I fed Rhonda and fingered her to a couple orgasms while licking her long, taut, puckered nipples. Then I kissed her because she was such a good slave, and I put her on the floor to lick me to a couple for myself, since Shasta hadn't licked any cunt while we did her.

"Do you want to use the bedroom, Shasta?" Master asked, rising from the table.

"No, feeling guilty I didn't go home after work. Just bend me over the couch there. That will be fine."

"Great," Master said, removing his clothes, shoes first. "Sean, you're responsible for clean up again, to pay for your room and board. I want the kitchen spotless."

"Yes, Master."

Of course, having him clean the kitchen also meant Master and Shasta would be visible. We were all playing the game now. Shasta hadn't bothered dressing after work, using Rhonda and I first, and then staying in a house where nudity was the norm. Shasta bent over the couch, her pussy and ass visible in the kitchen. Master pulled off his work pants and jockeys and he was already hard, his cock springing out when released. He knelt down behind her.

"Just in case you're not wet enough, do you mind if I lick your cunt first," Master said, gripping her nice ass.

"Please, Scott. A little pussy licking never hurt anyone."

"Thank you. I've always wanted to taste your cunt."

Master buried his face in Shasta's pouting pussy, licking her until she orgasmed once. After another swipe from clit to puckered star, he stood up and shoved his cock deep into Shasta's cunt, and fucked her hard. She climaxed, moaning, "Fuck me! Fuck me with your big cock, you stud."

Master fucked her harder. She climaxed again after a few minutes of his rugged thrusting, moaning even louder. "My ass now! Fuck my ass."

I was watching Sean. He tried not to look, not to watch, but I'd see him look at them briefly, then drag his eyes away to continue cleaning the kitchen. He couldn't help himself, no matter how he tried. He flinched when Master pulled out of her cunt to enter her ass.

Master's cock was drenched in her fluids, so he moved from one to the other without breaking stride. Once inside, he paused to make sure she was okay, only starting to ram her when she said she wanted to be fucked hard. As directed, he fucked her ass to two more orgasms, then a third before he orgasmed himself, grunting, grinding against Shasta's bottom as he filled her rectum with his spunk.

Lisa had gotten a washcloth and was waiting when Master pulled out, Shasta's ass gapping for a moment before it started to close. She washed Master's cock and Shasta's bottom, being gentle with both.

"Just what I needed," Shasta said, "a good hard fucking."

She stood and laid a lip lock on Master, rubbing herself against his torso. "Thank you, Scott," holding his shrinking shaft. "Don't forget to give your slaves the same. Rhonda and Julia pleasured me nicely after work. I'll see you tomorrow." Finally releasing his dick.

"I will. I enjoyed it as much as you. You have a nice tight cunt and ass."

"Just what a woman needs to hear, Scott, after she's been fucked hard," Shasta laughed, dressing in her clothes.

Master went into the kitchen and checked the cleanliness. "Nice job, Sean. Very clean."

"Thank you, Master."

"Sean, we're going to order your computer stuff on Amazon," I said. "Wait here while I get my iPad."

"Yes, ma'am."

"Goodbye, everyone," Shasta said. "I'll see you tomorrow."

"Goodbye, Mistress," Sean said. "I'm happy you had an enjoyable evening."

"Are you now?"

"Yes, Mistress. Please tell Bernice and Cedric I'm sorry for behaving badly and screwing things up."

"I'll tell them you're sorry."

"Thank you, Mistress."

Shasta left and I got my iPad and sat on the couch, patting the seat beside me. Sean sat down and I went to my Amazon account and handed him the device.

"It's probably faster if you just put everything in the cart you need and I pay for it when you're done."

"Yes, ma'am."

Master sat down in easy chair facing us on the couch. He called Lisa and had her sit in his lap. He began kissing and caressing her body, staying away from her piercing. I smiled at them, glad Lisa could get some Masterly attention. Rhonda sat down beside me and leaned her head against my side. I put my arm around her and held her close.

Sean was rapidly adding things to my cart, explaining why he added the things he did. A fast computer, obvious, two 23 inch large monitors, one for the coding and another to see what changes were happening on the web design in real time, which made his job easier and much faster. The web design software he was used to using, a large capacity hard drive for backing up the work. He explained the alternative benefits of purchasing our own server vice buying server services from a large server farm. I told him based upon what he'd said, we'd buy server services. He said he'd get them after the website was created as it wouldn't be needed until we were ready to go live. When he'd finished he handed the iPad back to me. I looked at the bill. It wasn't going to be cheap, but it might pay for itself in less than two months of operation.

"How long to get it up and running?" Master asked.

"Depends on how much time I have to work on it, sir. Working on it full time, I might be able to get it done in a weeks time for a real nice site. Longer working on it part time."

"I'd like to give MD about a month's notice we're going to open our own site, Julia," Master said. "She deserves to know."

"Yes, Master. What do we do for pictures of our product and do we want to put ourselves in the pictures? I suspect they sell better when models are in the product photos demonstrating the various functions as we did with Slut and Rose."

"If I might suggest, ma'am," Sean said. "You could be in the photos, but with a face mask so who you are isn't visible. Some strategic clothing can be just as sexy as nudity. The thing you wore to your bonding ceremony was gorgeous. You should also get a post office box at the UPS store, so this address is not available to the casual pervert. Use a good digital camera with studio type lighting. Good pictures are critical to selling product. You might ask the other workers to be in the photos under the same conditions, face hidden, Flat rate fee, $500 for a half days work. Take lots of photos and you can choose the best of the bunch."

"If we demonstrate some of Mistress Dark's products in our photos, it may partially make up for the loss of our business," Lisa said.

"Go ahead and buy a good camera and lighting necessities, as well," Master said. "I'll pay for half of everything out of my share of the profits. In fact, your business is doing so well, I'm inclined to reduce my percentage. I've actually gotten an increased discount for all the extra raw materials you're buying. I only need so much to help support Lisa and Rhonda and Rhonda is paying some for her own upkeep, since she's not a business partner."

"Master, you might wish to design a couple other pieces of furniture to go with what we already have."

"If I do, you'll probably have more business and would need to expand more, which means a larger work space than the basement and more workers, willing to work naked."

"Not necessarily naked, Master Scott," Sean said. "You could rent work space elsewhere where clothed people can work. Hire men and women who don't want to work nude. Let those who do continue to work here. Of course, they wouldn't get cum breaks either. You can pay higher salaries for them without profit sharing."

"We could put Shasta in charge of the new work space or even someone entirely new," Lisa said. "If she took it, we could go back to managing this end."

"Let's take this somewhat slow," Master said. "Get the website up and running and see how that affects business. Definitely go with a post office box. I'll design one more piece of furniture we can add to the product line, see how that affects sales. Then consider off site manufacturing and new crew."

"Yes, Master," I replied. Sean added the camera and lighting equipment to our order. I added a half dozen full or half face masks to the order for photos.

I kissed Rhonda. "Please get my purse, love."

She gracefully rose from the couch and got it. I removed my credit card with the lowest interest rates and highest limit. "Here goes nothing," I said. Boom, everything ordered. Some would be delivered tomorrow, some later in the week. One item next week, a photo lamp.

"What do you want to call your business, ma'am?" Sean asked.

I looked at Lisa, squirming on Master's lap as he played with her, though still bereft of any orgasms but what her piercing gave her. Not nearly satisfying enough compared to a nice hard cock.

"Sister Slaves Bondage Furniture would be my suggestion."

"I like it," Lisa said.

"Master?" I asked.

"It's your business," Master replied. "Name it what you want. Sean would you like to fuck my wife?"

"Sir?"

He was surprised, and so was I. Granted Master had started allowing us to fuck other men again, but he was here and would be watching in person now, not looking at photos and videos afterward and he could fuck me himself, especially with Lisa off limits and Rhonda not particularly desirous of dick.

"It's an easy question. Do you want to fuck my wife? You haven't cum since Wendy was trained in cock sucking, have you?"

"No, Sir."

"You'll have to earn it. I want you to lick both Rhonda to five, and Julia to three orgasms. Once you've done so, you may fuck Julia's cunt, ass or mouth, her choice, then lick her clean after if she's chosen her cunt or ass. I know how slaves don't wish to go without sex for too long."

"Please, Sir. Thank you."

"Spread 'em, slaves," Master ordered.

Rhonda and I looked at each other, sitting side by side. I pulled her right leg over my left and we both scooted closer to the front of the sofa. I held her hand.

"Rhonda first, then me, then Rhonda again until we've both had the requisite number of orgasms, please," I said.

Sean nodded eagerly and got on the floor in front of the couch. I saw him go between Rhonda's legs and I squeezed her hand. She climaxed within three minutes, then he moved to me. I watched Master watching us. His cock was starting to grow as he watched, peeking out from beneath Lisa's bottom. I moaned when I orgasmed, squirming on his tongue. He moved back to Rhonda. I stroked her inner thigh as he dined on her pussy. We were slaves; we came so easily. I doubt it would take him twenty minutes to finish off the two of us. Not much longer in any case.

When Rhonda climaxed again, he came back to give me my second. Rhonda leaned down and licked my left nipple as he licked my liquid folds.

"Remind me again," Master said to Lisa. "You can't have sex in your cunt due to you piercing. No one said you couldn't be fucked in the ass, did they?"

Lisa thought about the instructions again and got a big smile on her face. "No. I'm quite sure it is only vaginal sex I'm not allowed to have."

"Get some lube since I can't lube myself in your cunt."

"Yes, sir." She scampered off to get the Astroglide. Good, Lisa was going to get fucked again.

I orgasmed, holding Sean's face against my cunt as I released. Mistress Dark's trainees always knew how to lick cunt well. When my tremors eased, he leaned back, a mask of cum covering the lower part of his face. He moved back to Rhonda for her third. This time I pulled her in for soft, sexy kisses while I pinched a taut, puckered nipple. It didn't take long for her to surrender again.

Lisa had returned and Master spread some lube on her asshole and his cock. He turned her so she could watch us and eased in between her buttocks.

My last licking, though I was sure I'd cum often when Sean fucked me. He was going into my cunt. This time, Rhonda suckled my breast again while playing with the other. My back arched and my hips thrust into him as I climaxed this time, whimpering. Rhonda would get the next two, so I got up and went behind her on the couch so I could easily play with both her breasts, while bending her head back and tongue fucking her mouth. She was done in five, her last one following closely on the fourth.

Master was guiding Lisa slowly up and down his cock. He was still paying attention to us though.

"Slave, which hole do you want Sean to fill?"

"My cunt, Master."

"Then I want Rhonda to lie on the couch in front of your face. You'll bend over the end of the couch and lick her while Sean fills you from behind."

"Yes, Master," we replied. Even Rhonda would get to cum more.

I got the key to remove Sean's cock cage. After it was off, I asked if he needed help getting hard.

"No, ma'am," and like magic it started growing in front of me. Rhonda was already on the couch. After I bent over the arm, I had to pull her a little closer so I could reach her dark pink core. As soon as I started tasting her nectar, Sean slammed into my cunt. I spasmed, my pussy throbbing.

"Sean, don't cum until my timer goes off," Master said, setting his watch.

"How long, Master?" Sean asked.

"It will be a surprise, won't it?"

"Yes, sir." I wondered how much his balls would ache before he could cum.

Rhonda and I began cumming rather regularly, as did Lisa, still bouncing on Master's lap. I heard her cum four times before Master grunted and flooded her rectum with his seed. Lisa got up, with some of it running down her legs and got a warm washcloth for clean up. Master was careful when he cleaned her, staying away from her pussy.

Sean still had to continue. His fucking got a little ragged as he had to slow down to fight off his climax, then speeding up again when the immediate moment had passed. I'd had eight orgasms and estimated he'd been fucking me for thirty minutes, when the timer went off. Rhonda even covered her pussy with her hand to keep me from licking her any longer as Sean had been battering my cunt so hard, he'd banged my face into her cunt. As soon as the time went off, Sean gave a strangled cry, jammed himself deep in my cunt and flooded it with his cream. I was not as tight on his cock as I was on others, and I could feel some of it leaking out of me, running down my legs. He was still pulsing in me a minute after he started.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"Clean her up, Sean," Master ordered. "Rhonda you can clean him off."

Sean knelt behind my bottom and start licking and sucking the cum running from my cunt, even licking that dripping down my legs. Horny slave that I was, I climaxed two more times as he struggled to get it all. Rhonda had gotten off the couch and was lying on the floor to get to his cock.

Done, Master told me to replace his cock cage again and send him back downstairs. As soon as it was on him, Sean left.

"Did you enjoy that, slave?"

"You know I did, Master."

"Well, I for one was glad everyone got to enjoy more sex," Master said, "including our lovely Lisa. Why don't you all take a shower. I'll get mine after you're done."

"Yes, sir."

In the shower, I said, "It doesn't look as if Master is done letting us fuck other men."

"No, it doesn't," Lisa said, "and there's another poker game this Friday."

"Who's house is it at this week?" I asked, having lost track as we hadn't played the two previous Fridays.

"Regina's, I think," Lisa replied, "though I don't recall the host or hostess."

I started washing Lisa's cunt since my hands were now as clean as hers and I wanted to remind her how much I cared for her. I gave her a quick orgasm by cleaning her hood piercing.

"At least I won't have to do more grocery shopping," I said as she moaned through her orgasm. "Have you stopped taking your pill?"

"Yesterday morning."

"Well, we know who won't be getting fucked in her cunt by anyone other than Master very soon."

"I'm excited about getting knocked up and where we're going with the business," Lisa panted. "I see exciting times ahead."

I kissed her, saying, "I do too."

It was three very satisfied slaves snuggled together with their Master that night, though sleep was once again interrupted by three hour timers and a crying baby.

******

Master fucked Rhonda in the morning as she licked my cunt. He'd confirmed poker night at Regina's, Edward hosting. He also told us his father and mother were participating again. Sean helped make breakfast, making himself useful. After Master left, I told him he hadn't managed to disguise his discomfort when Master was fucking Shasta as well as he thought. I said he was fairly successful, but still managed to convey some distress.

"I know, ma'am. It's hard."

"You have to act as if it's not happening, like she's merely sitting on the couch sipping a cup of tea. If you love your Mistress, you should want for her whatever she wants for herself, even other men. What's good for her is good for you. Her pleasure should be paramount in your mind, no matter where she receives it from, men or women."

"It's difficult to do so, ma'am."

"It will be a lot more difficult if she gets rid of you as her slave. If she wants to fuck someone else, ask if you can put their cock in her. Ignore anything that's happening but her pleasure. Ask to lick her cunt while she's getting fucked, to clean off his cock afterward so she doesn't need to. Her happiness is all that matters, not yours. Your happiness should come from pleasing your Mistress in any way you can. Surrender your ego, your jealousy; as unimportant and standing in the way of your happiness."

"Do you feel anything when your Master fucks another woman?"

"I feel nothing but happiness when he fucks Lisa or Rhonda. Their happiness is as important to me as his or my own and when they don't get the attention I feel they should, I'm unhappy. Other women, I feel something, but I know Master is committed to me and our relationship and it's only fucking. They don't have what I have with him and never can. Most of the other people he fucks are committed to other Dominants. They have no more reason to betray their Masters than I do.

"Shasta is an exception to that rule, but I don't begrudge him giving pleasure to her if she needs it, both because I respect her and in our business, I'm subservient to her, as far as furniture production goes. The same applied to Wendy. She's not submissive though she may wish to explore it at some time, but as Rhonda's sister, if she needs Master's help exploring her sexuality, I don't care. Master's happiness means more to me than my own, but he ensures I'm happy. Did he not give me to you last night, so he could fuck Lisa? He's willing to suffer some discomfort on my behalf, so why shouldn't I for him?"

"I suppose, ma'am"

"Your Mistress is watching you. She wants to know how you're going to respond. Do you think it mere happenstance she sucked Master's cock in front of you or got fucked in front of you and everyone else instead of going to the bedroom with him? She needs to be sure you are not going to act out anymore. If you do, you're done. I'd expect you to be tested regularly until she's convinced you'll be obedient to her will. If she wants you to watch, watch, but bite your tongue and swallow your pride.

"Master watched movies and looked at photos of us fucking other people for a week and a half, so he could prepare for the real thing without losing his mind. It was incredibly important to him to allow us to have pleasure with others, so he subjected himself to this pain for us, and he's our Master and didn't have to. Should you do any less for your Mistress?"

"No, ma'am. I'll do better."

"Don't hide in the kitchen. If she's having sex with someone else, force yourself to look. Take enjoyment from her pleasure. Plaster a smile on your face and wish her joy and happiness."

"Yes, ma'am."

We were finishing kitchen clean up when the others got there. Shasta shooed everyone to the basement to start work as soon as the others doffed their clothes. Before we started, I asked her if I could have a few minutes of everyone's time. Shasta granted permission.

"We're going to be starting our own website under the moniker of 'Sister Slaves Bondage Furniture' and start selling our own product instead of going through Mistress Dark. Master will also design another piece of bondage furniture to add to our line. We anticipate profits to increase so all of you will likely see increases in your pay as a result of that change. Additionally, we believe the product will sell better if nude or semi-nude slaves are portrayed using the products as they are now. We can't use the same photos as we use in Mistress Dark's website because they are her slaves and her property. As such we will need to take photos of our own, perhaps even movies highlighting the functions of the furniture.

"Lisa and I are offering $500 dollars for each half day you agree to model for those photos and videos..."

The others started to speak and Shasta hushed them and told them to listen to all of it before commenting.

"If you model an entire day, it would be a $1000 dollars for you. If we can't get it all done in a day or two, there may be additional modeling dates. The models, men or women, will have their faces covered for the the filming so no one will know who you are. As a parting present to Mistress Dark, we will also demonstrate some of her products on our site, directing people to hers for those products. We expect those to include paddles, whips, vibrators, dildos, strap-ons and perhaps some clothing. You don't have to demonstrate any product you're uncomfortable with, nor go fully nude, though expect tits at a minimum and possibly bush to be visible in the clothing you choose to model in. The products may be demonstrated to the point of cumming as there is very little more arousing than a woman cumming.

"Our website will list only a post office address so it won't be tied to this address.

"If all goes successfully as planned, we may need to start manufacturing in an outside facility in addition to this one. We would expect that facility to be a fully clothed operation, so those of you wishing to wear clothing again, may be able to work there. Obviously, we wouldn't be offering cum breaks to the workers there, which would include both men and women, perhaps mostly men. We might also go with higher hourly wages and no profit sharing, if you'd like to make a change in that area of finances. At this point, I foresee Shasta having full control of that facility if we add it, as she knows exactly what's needed. We would resume control of this one so we can remain naked slaves. Any questions?"

"Who is going to take the pictures?" Melanie asked. "I wouldn't mind the extra money, but want to be sure photos of me don't start showing up everywhere else by some dishonest photographer."

"One of the people you know. We're not farming out to anyone else. It will only be someone you've been nude in front of before, however briefly. Most modern digital cameras are darn close to point and shoot easy and we'll shoot hundreds of photos so we can pick out only the best for the site. I'm willing to give you right of refusal for anything you don't want used."

"What happens to the photos not used?" Alice asked.

"Deleted. If we need more at a future date, we'll take more. I agree with the rest of you that we don't want naked photos of us floating around for other people to get hold of. I'll be in some of them. I expect the people who know who and what I am might possibly recognize me, but I don't want anyone else to, hence the masks."

"People may still be able to download our photos from the site," Charlotte said, "just like porn."

"Is there anything we can do to keep that from happening, Sean? Sean is going to be our web designer. It was his previous job before he became a slave."

"I can stop people from downloading photos, ma'am, but you can't stop people from doing screen grabs. Expect you'll be someone's masturbation fantasy and accept it, or choose not to participate. The focus of the photos should be the furniture, so most of the photos or videos shouldn't be close ups. For those demonstrating products where close ups are necessary, it's possible to crop the entire face or other features which might be recognized. Blur tattoos, remove identifying jewelry, that sort of thing. Perhaps use standardized collars and cuffs instead of those personally identifying a slave."

"Good point. We probably want to put collars and cuffs on everyone modeling so they look like submissive slaves."

When do you want to do this?" Janet asked, "and do you want a pregnant slave in the photos? Obviously, I need to speak to my Master before agreeing."

"We won't have all the photography equipment required until next week and it will be on the weekend so we don't take time out from actually building the furniture, so the weekend next, would be the earliest possible date. As for a pregnant slave, I think they could be very sexy in the right setting and could even be used as a Dominant in some of the photos. A slave forced to satisfy her pregnant Mistress because her husband is away or afraid to fuck her now she's pregnant. Some men get off on pictures of pregnant women. However, your pregnancy might make you more identifiable, Janet, so you need to take that into consideration. As we add more products, we'll eventually need more photos, so if you're uncomfortable doing it now, you should be able to do it in the future after delivering. Oh, as a side note, Lisa is now hoping to get pregnant. She's gone off birth control, so we're hoping for another baby in the next year or so."

Everyone immediately crowded around her to congratulate her.

"It hasn't happened yet," she said. "We're just starting the process."

"If I may, ma'am, some people are turned on by lactating breasts as well. We might want some photos where someone is squeezing the milk from your boobs as they're punishing you," Sean added, "perhaps as we're removing a baby from your arms. We could use a doll for that."

"Interesting option, Sean."

"Any more questions?" Shasta asked. "If not, get back to work."

We all got busy.

During our cum break, Sean was once again ignored. He didn't raise a peep regarding his exclusion. Shasta asked him about it.

"I assumed I'm still being punished, Mistress, though I should tell you, Master Scott had me fuck his slave last night. If you order me not to, I won't do it again."

"You do anything Scott say, since you be staying in his house."

"Yes, Mistress."

We got our first Amazon delivery during the day, the web design software. With no computer to install it on, we just set the box aside until we did get one. At some point during the afternoon, the subject of the Friday night poker game came up. Since it didn't affect our work, Shasta allowed it.

During the discussion, it came out that slaves were often sold for the pleasure of others after the game.

"Let me get this straight. You or some other slave gets sold to one of the other poker players at the end of the game?"

"Yes, Mistress, mostly just for an act of sex, although on a few occasions, someone has been sold for an entire night. Master's mother was sold twice that way."

"Could I be sold, not as a slave, but just to fuck?"

"I don't know, it's never come up, Mistress. We're often displayed and inspected, much as we were before our ceremony, fingered and toyed with by all the potential bidders. The slave is required to do whatever her purchaser wants, and I'm sure you'd feel less control than you usually require for sex. Any or all of our holes can be sold, sometimes used one after the other, sometimes all at once, depending on the Master selling us. For instance your mouth could be sold to a woman and you'd have to pleasure her as she wanted, which usually requires you to lick her cunt. Fifteen minutes is the usual cut off for women since we're more orgasmic. The men usually fuck us longer as they get to cum at least once during their purchase."

She thought about that for a few minutes.

"Who usually plays in these games?"

"Master, Jerry, Chen, Edward and Rob Strong, Regina and Lisa. This Friday, Dan is playing and he's offering Sandy to be sold. Are you thinking of playing so you can buy a slave, Mistress?"

"Why does Lisa play if she's a slave? And no, I don't know nothing about poker and I got you to lick my cunt."

"Lisa has always been one of the poker players. She's the first one who purchased my services. She asked to be a slave the following day. She's been forced to serve and gotten sold a couple times, Mistress, but mostly she plays so they have enough players. They like to have a minimum of six and sometimes another player can't play due to illness or something. Jerry may not be back from LA in time for the start of the game."

"I'm hoping a cock would buy me. Let me ask this? What if my holes are sold as a non-slave? The person who purchases me has a right to the hole, but not how I'm fucked. Say if Jerry buys my cunt, he gets it, but only the way I want; Ride him cowgirl, doggy style, missionary, whatever I want and not him. If my mouth gets bought by a woman, she can get her cunt licked, but has to lick mine as well, my choice not hers?"

"Well, Regina has licked cunt a couple times, Mistress, but mostly out of curiosity. I don't know if that would throw her off or not. Lisa doesn't care one way or the other."

"I think I'd like that, selling my holes. I still need a good fucking. If I sell it, do I keep the money."

"That's prostitution and illegal, Mistress. The money goes to charity. I usually have mine go to the American Red Cross. Cindy and Sandy donated to a battered women's shelter. The person sold decides where the money goes."

"Bring it up to the group and see if anyone is willing to fuck me under my rules?"

"I'll send out a text tonight, Mistress."

I looked at Sean, but his expression was passive, and I hoped it was because he was learning.

At the end of the workday, Lisa and I had to satisfy Shasta, while Rhonda and Sean started supper. She didn't stay after, wanting to go home for supper since she missed last night. Tonight was the first night Lisa could be fucked in the cunt, so I hoped Master had something good planned for her and wouldn't waste his erections on someone else. She had to be desperate for sex by now. I was after my piercing.

When Master got home, he shouted, "Where's the lovely Lisa? I have a present for you."

Lisa stepped out of the kitchen, knelt and replied, "Right here, Master. How can I serve you?"

"Stand up."

"Yes, sir."

She stood and he bent her over the dining room table, pulled his zipper down, extracted his cock, and fucked her right there, pounding her hard. He kept going until he emptied himself into her cunt. Lisa climaxed four times. She was panting hard when he finished.

"Stay there."

"Yes, sir."

Master went to our bedroom while Lisa waited, breathless. He came back naked with some of our rope and both strapless vibrators. He set them on the table, beside her, fastened her hands down on the other side of the table and her feet tied and spread on the other.

"This slave is now open for business to everyone. Enjoy."

"Does, this include me, Master Scott?" Sean asked.

"It does. But only her ass or her mouth. Her cunt is mine for the foreseeable future."

I removed his cock cage and Sean immediately stopped what he was doing and pushed into Lisa's bottom. Master took up stirring the item on the stove. Ten minutes later, Sean too, emptied himself. He returned and Rhonda was the next to use her, though all she did was lick the cum dripping from her nether parts until Lisa climaxed three more times. Rhonda returned and took over the salad making so I could use her next, inserting one of the strapless vibrators in my pussy, turning it on and thrusting into Lisa's pouting pussy. I didn't stop fucking her until I'd had three orgasms myself. She had more because I was thrusting into her.

"Should I release her now?" I asked.

"No. She'll remain there until I release her."

When we sat down for dinner, Master sat by her head and fed her and himself. Occasionally, one of us would pause in our eating to caress her bottom, kiss her cunt or even fuck her again. Rhonda did first, using the other strapless, still needing to cum herself. Master continued feeding her during her fucking, though I'm not sure how much she ate compared to how often she orgasmed, moaning like the slut she was.

I told Master about Shasta wishing to be sold at the poker game.

"As a slave!" Master said, astounded.

"Not as a slave, sir. She just wished to offer herself for fucking. She wouldn't serve under the table and while her purchaser would get the hole they purchased, Shasta would determine for herself how she was fucked." Master looked at Sean, who remained impassive. "She wished me to text the other players and make the offer."

"If that's what she wants, we should honor her wishes," Master said. "Send the text."

I did as he requested. Soon I started receiving responses, most just saying they were interested and would talk about it at poker.

Eventually, Sean stood up and fucked Lisa again, a little harder than the first time. While he was doing that, Master stood on the other side and fed Lisa his cock.

"Don't cum until I do," Master ordered Sean.

"Yes, sir."

Both of them sawed into each end of her, Lisa whimpering around the cock in her mouth. Master finally climaxed, grunting, sending more protein down to her gullet. Sean pumping more in on the opposite end of her digestive system. Then they both sat down and Master continued feeding her food. With Sean's and her cum running down her leg, I eventually got behind her and tidied up the mess left behind, Lisa moaning again as my tongue searched every crevice to extract what might have been missed earlier.

Master stopped feeding her when she said she had enough. The rest of us began cleaning up, but Master used her cunt again, fucking her for a long time before he thrust deep and pulsed out his next load of cum.

There she remained, tied across the table until the kitchen was cleaned. Master told Sean to disappear, and when he'd gone to the basement, finally released first her legs, then her hands. He picked her up in his arms and carried her into the bathroom. Rhonda and I followed. He ran a tub of hot water and got into it with her, washing her, even her hair, playing with her, giving her another orgasm or two in the process. Lisa was feeling quite mellow when they finished.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
******

SCOTT

My desensitization program had helped. It bothered me less and less when other men fucked my slaves. I'll admit there was a twinge or two, but it was less every day. As I coddled Lisa in the bathtub, she received her new instructions.

"Since you're trying to have a baby now, you don't get any more alcohol."

"Yes, Master."

"No other man fucks your cunt but me," I said. "It's our child I want to raise, no one else's."

She twisted, arching back, putting a hand around my neck and kissed me. "No cock but yours in my cunt. I understand, sir."

"After the others take a shower and before Rhonda goes to work, we're going to do a triple penetration, the girls in your cunt and ass and me in your mouth. They won't stop fucking you until I cum and I expect to last quite awhile since I've cum three times tonight. I hope it makes up for your enforced abstinence."

"It will help a lot, sir."

"Take a shower, slaves," I ordered. "Make it a fast one, no playing around, so your sister slave gets to enjoy another fucking quickly."

"Yes, sir," they echoed.

I continued washing her until the others were done, then I dried her, patting dry her new piercing and rubbing the rest of her. I carried her to the bed and laid her down, a fragile and beautiful possession.

"Julia on the bottom, Rhonda on top," I ordered.

Julia inserted her strapless and lay down on her back, Lisa mounting her, cunt still wet despite the bath. Both women parted their legs enough that Rhonda could kneel behind them with her strapless on. She used some lubricant for the strapless, Julia parting the cheeks of her sister slave for Rhonda to smear some around the puckered star of her anus.

Rhonda pushed slowly into Lisa's back door, knowing how full she was. Both of the women turned on their vibrators at the same time and Lisa shivered through another orgasm. She had two more before I fed her my prick, only half hard at the moment. Lisa's mouth soon coaxed it to an erection. I believed Lisa had more than a half dozen orgasms before I flooded her mouth with what cum I had left. We all lay quietly on the bed save for the breathless panting.

"I want all three of you to know how much I love you all, how much I desire you, how you complete me and make me whole. I'm the luckiest man in the world and I know it. I thank God every day for bringing you into my life. I hope you don't mind if I try to spend most of my cum in Lisa's cunt until she's pregnant. I want more than anything to give her the child she wants and deserves."

Julia kissed Lisa. "I don't mind at all, Master. You're also taking care of my needs in other ways and I always have my own slave to pleasure me. I want this for her as much as you do."

"You know me, Master," Rhonda said. "I'm content with cunt more than cock. You put your cum in her, I'll try not to suck it all out after."

I laughed, then I kissed Julia, next Rhonda, and finally Lisa, lying next to me in a tangle of arms and legs and soft curves. At some point, Julia had to feed Lucas and Rhonda had to get up to head for work. Some rearranging of ourselves on the bed took place each time.

I fucked Lisa again in the morning, before we got up, Julia encouraging me to pump it deep into her pussy, leaving my cum in her for several minutes. Julia licked me clean, and finally, after I'd dressed, she lapped at Lisa's outer folds, tidying up the mess which had dribbled out.

I kissed both slaves again before I left for work, Julia while she suckled Lucas, a very happy man.

******

When I got home that night, Sean, Rhonda and Julia were working in the kitchen.

"Where's Lisa?" I asked.

"Waiting for you in the bedroom, sir," Julia replied.

I went into the bedroom and Lisa was in the stocks, set at a height perfect for fucking and licking. Shasta was lying on the bed in front of Lisa's face, having her cunt licked.

"Sorry, Scott. I needed to cum quite desperately," she said.

"No problem," I responded, taking off my clothes. "You're not blocking the hole I intend to use."

"Julia said Lisa is trying to get pregnant and you were saving much of your cum for her."

"Indeed I am," I answered, thrusting into Lisa's liquid furnace, making her moan against Shasta's cunt.

"I love Cedric and would never give him up, but I wish sometimes he was conceived as an act of love instead of during a rape."

I drove hard into Lisa, making her whimper.

"I understand completely. Did Julia tell you the other poker players are interested in hearing more about what you plan to do after the poker game?"

"Yes, she did. Told me in front of Sean so he know I'm planning my next fucking. He flinch a little but keep his mouth shut, so I have hope for him. Bernice and Cedric both miss him. I won't say nothing to him yet, but I want him to come back if he behaves. I miss having my own slave."

"That I understand completely," I said, pumping hard, reaching for my orgasm.

Shasta moaned and climaxed, Lisa concentrating on Shasta the way she'd been trained, despite the fucking I was throwing her.

"When it be time for you to get cleaned off, let me do it in front of Sean. Want to see how he takes it."

"As you wish," I said, a short time before groaning and exploding into Lisa's quim.

Shasta and I left Lisa in the stocks and went back to the living room. Shasta knelt down and cleaned my cock, doing a very creditable job, even starting to get me hard again, before she dressed and left. I thought about going back in the bedroom and fucking Lisa again, but thought I should save at least one fucking for Julia. I did send Rhonda into the bedroom to clean Lisa and release her after about five minutes of her soaking up my sperm.

They rejoined us a few minutes later. At dinner, I fed Julia, while Lisa fed Rhonda. I finger fucked Julia to two orgasms after we ate, then sent her to the floor to get me hard again. I think I surprised her when instead of fucking Lisa once more, I pushed her over the back of the couch and fucked her. There had to be some balance. Julia was already pregnant when Lisa's slavery started so I hadn't had to prefer one over another like I was doing now, but Lisa couldn't be my exclusive fuck. Julia deserved to be used as well.

I left Sean high and dry tonight. Let him stew a little before the poker game tomorrow, see how he took things then.

Lisa and I fucked once more before we went to bed. Julia cleaning me after while Lisa and Rhonda played awhile before Rhonda went to work. She brought Lucas for his pre-sleep snack after changing his diaper. I watched as Julia fed him, Lisa on the other side, smiling and rubbing his tiny back. I felt quite content when I slept that night.

******

Friday, I had enough time to work for a couple hours on the plans for the next bit of bondage furniture, incorporating some things we'd done into a smaller, though less capable design, than my original piece. It was also cheaper, so might expand our market. When I got home, I showed the design to Lisa and Julia, who were excited about it. Since I was going to be busy at the poker game later, I didn't fuck either of my slaves. Rhonda was going to be off tonight and Saturday, so I was bringing her. The computer equipment had arrived, so Sean wanted to get started on his web design. Knowing what Shasta wanted, I told him he'd have to attend the poker game so he could look after Lucas as my slaves would be busy serving the others. He didn't want to go, but he agreed Lucas would be well cared for with him.

I'd sent Dad the address and he was already there with Mother when the rest of us arrived. Shasta had taken her own car so she could drive home when we were done. Rhonda and Lisa rode with her so Julia could ride in the back with Lucas while Sean sat beside me in the front.

Regina had a nice big home and it was well set up for informal gatherings, refrigerators in the kitchen and patio, along with a wine cellar. Snacks and hors d'oeuvres were laid out, including peeled shrimp on ice and hot goodies in serving trays. It's the first time Dan and Sandy had been there. We were getting ready to play when Jerry sent a text, telling us to hold the game; he'd be there in fifteen minutes. Since it was a Friday night, we had no problem waiting. He arrived in his work clothes, Reneé with him.

"So, what's this about Shasta wanting to be sold after the game? Is she going to serve under the table as well?" Rob asked. "Is she going to strip so we know what we're buying?"

"I ain't no slave so I'm not serving as one. You can buy my holes when the game over," Shasta said. "I'll strip when it's time to buy. Since I'm not a slave, I have rules. You can fuck any hole you buy, but I decide how, not you. I still require some control when I'm fucked due to my previous issues, but I want to see if any of you fuckers any good satisfying a woman."

"Do you even know how to suck cock or lick cunt?" Regina asked. "I know you like yours getting licked, but I haven't seen evidence of the opposite."

"I suck cock better than I lick cunt, no question, but I've done it a couple times to see what it's like. Ask Scott how I suck cock. I sucked his a couple nights ago. You take your chances on my cunt licking, but remember, I decide how it happen. If I'm licking yours, you might be licking mine at the same time."

"There you go, Regina," Ed said. "You haven't licked a cunt since Rhonda. It would be interesting if you went for another black cunt."

Regina blushed, but at the same time she seemed like she might be interested. I wondered what she'd do.

"So how did she do sucking your cock, Scott," Chen asked.

"She did very well," I said. "My slaves trained her so she does as well as they do, lacking only their amount of practice.

I had my own announcements to make. "Julia will be sold as a red silk slave for the night, with full slave services to the house she's sold to. Rhonda will only be white silk and will come home with me. Lisa is playing tonight and is trying to get pregnant and her cunt is off limits until we know she's caught."

"Sandy will also be sold as red silk for the entire night," Dad added.

"I'm curious," Jerry said. "You wanted your slaves off limits to cocks for a long time, Scott. I know you relaxed your restrictions prior to the ceremony. Why are you continuing to share your wife now?"

"Because I love her and want her to have every advantage and opportunity for pleasure I have. She ensures I'm happy and content and have any slave I wish to fuck, without protest or complaint. I realized I've not been as good to her as she was to me. I was disappointed in myself and the degree to which I loved her in return. I know it's been mostly fear, but I know I have nothing to fear. She will always return to me happier for the chance to fuck others than before she left. I will be well rewarded for my love and generosity towards her." I kissed her. "You might wish to reconsider offering your own slaves for the poker games. Slaves love getting fucked. I'd understand why Chen wouldn't be eager to offer his pregnant wife and Reneé is preparing for her upcoming nuptials, so you might wish to wait until after the honeymoon, but as far as I can tell, your slaves love the hell out of you, but would enjoy the opportunity to be skewered on more than one prick the way Marcia, Evelyn and Chantelle were this weekend."

"Would you like a double or triple penetration, slave?" Jerry asked Reneé.

"If my Master could see his way to sharing his slave, she would love being so used."

Chen asked my father, "I see you don't mind sharing Sandy freely. Is this the way you feel about it, Dan?"

"I've been married for over thirty-five years and I'm not worried about surrendering her to someone else for the night. When she returns the next day, she loves me even more than when she left. After her first poker game, she damn near fucked me to death she was so happy."

"Would you like to be shared, Janet?" Chen asked. "Be honest with me."

"I love you with all my heart, sir, and am willing to do whatever it is you wish of me. Would I enjoy having others to have sex with? I'm a slave and slaves love having sex, as much as they can. It is not necessary you share me, but I would be grateful if you could. I have not resented you having sex with others and I would hope you could do the same with me."

Chen kissed her. "I know you haven't. You've even pushed me to have sex with other people, even while you feel fat and ugly."

"All people enjoy sex, Master, and slaves perhaps more. It makes me feel good to see you enjoy yourself with others. It's like a gift I've given you, like a new watch, or even the child I'm carrying. I do not fear sharing you with anyone, man or woman. I know you love me and will always return to me because I will always give you a reason to return. As far as I'm concerned, you can fuck anyone you want, and if I don't care, why would you ever leave me. That is what I would fear the most; being without you. Everything else means nothing."

"Well said, Janet," Julia said. "I couldn't express it any better myself. It's the only thing I'm afraid of; losing my Master, but if he can have anyone he wants, he has no reason to leave me at all, unless I'm an angry shrew. It's difficult being an angry shrew if my life is dedicated to making him happy and obeying his will."

"Perhaps I'll reconsider my stance on sharing my slave," Chen said, kissing her again. "It is difficult not giving her anything she craves. I don't know how many times I've left the house to buy her food she claims the baby is hungry for."

"Well, Scott, if Shasta has sucked your cock," Regina said, "does that mean you're no longer limited to slaves? I know you turned me down in the past because I wasn't one. If I'm no longer off limits, I might sell myself like Shasta wants to do."

"We relaxed our rules regarding my only fucking slaves," I said, smiling. "Do you want to put your ass out to bid?"

"I'd prefer selling my cunt," Regina laughed, "but I'm flexible."

"Damn straight," Rob said. "I can bend her like a pretzel."

"Enough of this schmaltzy shit," Dan said. "Let's play cards."

"The game has started late tonight. Why don't we play until 11:30 since it's a Friday," I said, "then start the bidding after? Julia can start under the table while Rhonda and Sandy serves food, then switch in a half hour, Sandy up next. Regina, you're hostess and have the first deal. What's the game?"

"I'd like some Texas Hold-em to start," Regina said. "I can hardly wait for your wife to lick my cunt again."

"Done," I said. "Deal the cards."

******

JULIA

I watched Sean while Masters and slaves discussed sharing. He was paying attention so hopefully, he was absorbing some of it. I wondered who would buy me tonight, since Master was selling me for the night. Janet didn't have to serve the guests, sitting close to her Master, heavy with child. She kept track of the time the slaves spent rewarding the winners. Reneé, Sandy and Rhonda were serving food and drinks to the players, with the usual amount of grab ass going one. Shasta and Sean were watching Lucas and they were talking, though from the sounds of it, mostly about Lucas and children and not about their own issues. They were both making faces and listening to Lucas laugh, his little hands reaching up towards a funny face.

Master won the first hand and I eagerly sucked his cock, leaving him hard when I was done, two minutes not enough time to finish him off. Dan won the second hand and seated right next to Master, so Master saw me blowing his father. He didn't cum either, though I thought he might if he received a second reward within a reasonable amount of time. Chen won the third and Regina the fourth. When I finished, she was wet and ready to cum, though hadn't yet.

"Do you care if I fuck your Master, slave?" She asked when I stopped.

I felt like she was trying to provoke me. Regina often seemed like she was trying to provoke other women. I thought she'd done it when Shasta and Sarah were at the house. I'd doubted she wanted to reward Ron as much as she was trying to push Shasta's buttons. I'd felt the same when she asked if Master could fuck her. I refused to be provoked.

"No," I replied.

"I've thought of taking a female slave for myself," she said.

"As the owner of one, I can recommend it," I replied.

Lisa won next and I was pleasuring my sister slave. As a slave herself, Lisa climaxed before her two minutes was up, the first to cum at the table. Ed won next and I soon found my lips stretching over his tool. I had to leave him unfinished. Regina won again and this time she climaxed.

The games were running pretty even at the start. By the time my service was finished, only the two women had climaxed, none of the men receiving enough stimulation to cum.

Before serving food and drinks, I checked on Lucas.

"I think he's hungry," Sean said. "He's not crying yet, but he is sounding as if he wants to, and his diaper is dry."

I let Master know I was feeding Lucas and Sean offered to help Rhonda and Renee serve. He brought me food first, since I hadn't had any after work. As Lucas took his meal, I took mine.

"Are you feeling anxious about selling yourself, Mistress?" I asked Shasta.

"Not really. I believe I have enough control over the situation I'm not concerned. I don't believe anyone here would do more than I allowed. Licking cunt is not really my thing, but I can do it for fifteen minutes if I have to."

I nodded. "Would you ever allow Sean to be sold after a game, Mistress?"

"You think any of the men want another man sucking their dick or fucking their ass. Seem like only the women would be interested and there's only two of them."

"I suppose, Mistress. I know Chen and Rob allowed Ron to suck their cocks during our Memorial Day party. I think it was more curiosity with them, wanting to know what the difference between a man and a woman would be, especially since Ron turned out to be avidly interested in men. I'm not sure they'd be interested in a heterosexual male with limited cock sucking experience."

"I'd almost like to do it to him, so he understand he's my bitch to control, but if no one buys him anyway, not sure that lesson be made. Shit, I'm horny. Watching everyone else get their cunt and cocks pleasured is driving me up a wall."

"Sean's still your slave, Mistress. You can have him lick your cunt if you wish."

"Don't want to reward him. I don't want him touching me again unless I take him back. Cedric really miss him. I do too. So does Momma. She ain't had regular fucking for a long time. We all miss him, but I don't want someone who wants to take charge of me."

"I understand perfectly, Mistress, even though I want someone taking charge of me. I did not have to live with your circumstances."

"If you not feeding Lucas, I make you lick my cunt."

"If I weren't feeding him, I would, Mistress."

"You such a good slave."

"Thank you, Mistress. I know."

One of the men finally climaxed and I looked to see Sandy sucking Chen's cock. One down, five more to go. Eventually, Lucas had his fill and stopped drawing milk. I turned him over to Shasta to burp and resumed my duties. It was only five minutes more before it was time to switch again and Rhonda was under the table. Jerry was the next man to cum, just before Sandy's shift ended, succumbing to probably the best cock sucker serving tonight.

A lot of people petted and caressed me as I served food and drink, leaving me quite aroused. The bad part of not wearing a Slave Trainer during the poker game is I didn't get to cum when I made a winner cum. I'd have to wait until my services were sold for the night. Someone was going to purchase me for the night and I wondered who it would be.

When it was my turn again, after a short break for everyone, Rob was the first person I sucked again, and since Rhonda had gotten him prepared a few minutes before, I felt his jizz spurting down my throat as he grunted rapturously. Rob's amount of cum was huge. I doubt he'd fucked anyone for two days. I ended up with Ed and Regina next and both of them climaxed as well, Ed cumming as much as his brother. No wonder Regina had been so eager to feel my tongue in her wetness. Her lovers had been saving themselves for tonight. The next winner was Master and I did the best I could to make him cum and felt his warm sperm flooding my mouth as Janet called time. He hadn't cum since this morning, so the amount of his discharge was also substantial. I took a few more moments to let his spasms ebb and clean him off. Lisa won my last time up and she orgasmed again, tasting delicious on my tongue.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
It was time to switch again and Sandy ended up with her Master too, when he won the next hand, though she couldn't make him cum before Janet called time. None of the other men climaxed during her service, all having cum too recently or unable to win enough times close together. When Rhonda was serving, Master's father finally climaxed, the last of the men to do so. Both Regina and Lisa climaxed under her expert tongue. Soon it was my turn again and the winner of the next hand was Jerry and it had been awhile since he'd won, so I didn't expect to make him cum. I was pleasantly surprised to find he not only climaxed for me, but did so early enough I could feel his cock shrink in my mouth after his spasms passed. His hand caressed my hair as I released it. None of the other men climaxed again during my service, though I left some very hard cocks behind me.

I only had one more to service before we switched again, Regina, and she orgasmed for me as well, soaking my face with her fluids for the fourth time tonight.

"You're quite a decent cunt licker," Regina said.

"I try to please. Master would be upset if I were not pleasing."

The poker would end during Sandy's third round. She managed to drain Ed, Chen and Master one more time, as well as Regina. Then the games were over and it was time for the slave auction, or in Shasta's case, a Mistress auction. Since Sandy and I were being sold in our entirety for the night, Shasta and Rhonda were sold first. Shasta removed her clothes and stood before everyone naked. Master told me to conduct the auction as I had several times before. Since she wasn't a slave, I couldn't order her to display, but I politely asked her to stand in a way, her assets could be inspected by her buyers. She assumed what could be called a display position, except she put her hands on her hips instead of behind her head.

"Ladies and gentlemen," I began the auction, "up for sale first is a young black woman, forged on the mean streets of Fresno, a Mistress herself, owner of a male slave, Sean, but wishing to experience what it would be like to be sold to service others, has offered herself for one sex act per hole this evening under the usual rules, fifteen minutes or orgasm, whichever comes last. As you can see for yourself, she's a prime female in excellent condition who is relatively new to sex for pleasure, only having willingly offered her body for sex since January, when she acquired her slave. While she is offering herself for your pleasure, it is only with the understanding that she will choose how she provides that pleasure to you. Up for bid first is her mouth. She is somewhat experienced in serving men orally, but only has limited experience in serving women, having only done it twice as an experiment to see if she it was something she enjoyed. She much prefers cock, but is willing to spend fifteen minutes pleasing a woman for this auction. What charity do you wish your proceeds to go to, Mistress?"

"Breast cancer research," Shasta said.

"What am I bid for the oral services of this beautiful young woman?" I asked.

Master, Dan, Lisa, Chen and Regina engaged in spirited bidding for Shasta's mouth. I'm sure Lisa was interested because of the number of times we'd had to lick her without receiving anything in return. I wasn't totally surprised at Regina's interest, as it would be a way to humiliate Shasta. I thought she'd shown interest even though she realized she might end up licking cunt as well. As Regina had been one of the big winners tonight, I wasn't surprised when she was left holding the winning bid. I'd been watching Sean during the bidding and the emotions on his face were fairly well hidden, but you could tell he was hoping one of the women won as opposed to the men. I collected Regina's chips for the sale.

"Do we fuck now?" Shasta asked, eying Regina speculatively.

"Not until everyone has been sold," I said. "Then you'll engage in sex with the winners, one at a time."

Shasta nodded and I continued. "Next up for bid is Shasta's cunt. Master was lucky enough to fuck Shasta this past Tuesday and when he finished, he exclaimed that both her cunt and ass were very tight and enjoyable. What am I bid for this cunt?"

All the men ended up bidding for her pussy. I think it made Shasta feel good to be so wanted. She preened a little as the bidding went on, rubbing herself as they bid. Sean didn't speak, but he couldn't look away either watching as her cunt was sold and he'd soon be watching her fucked by another. Ed finally won the bid and I knew his was the thickest cock Shasta had ever taken willingly. I'd seen all the others she'd fucked and fucked them all myself. I collected his chips.

I asked Shasta to turn around and show everyone the next item up for bid, her ass.

"Please take a look at this exquisite ass and tell me you wouldn't want to sink your cock in this," I said, patting her bottom. "This is prime meat gentleman and as tight as they come. She didn't have anal sex until last month. She's had some practice since, but this is near virgin ass. What am I bid for this ebon Goddess' ass, boys and girls?"

Lots of bidding again, everyone but Lisa, though a couple had to drop out early. Master hadn't done as well as he usually did, nor had Dan, who was still getting back in the game. Jerry dropped out earlier in the bidding than his money would have allowed. Rob, Chen and Regina kept on the longest. Finally, Regina ended the bidding by offering up every last chip she had left, more than either of the others. I took the rest of her chips. Shasta had essentially been sold to the duet of Ed and Regina.

"You don't have no cock," Shasta said.

Regina dug in her handbag and pulled out a big strap-on. "I have this, though. It will do the trick for me."

Shasta smiled and said, "Do the trick for me, too."

I told Shasta to stand to the side while everyone else was sold. She sat down close to the baby.

Rhonda was called up next and knelt in her slave position, since neither her cunt or ass would be sold, so they didn't need to be displayed.

"Rhonda is the next item up for bid, white silk only, oral pleasuring to the winning bid. What am I bid for this lovely slave's mouth?"

Master and Lisa could have Rhonda any time they wanted, so they didn't bid long, saving their winnings. Jerry dropped out early and I assumed he was saving his money for a slave for the night. Whoever he got would have to pleasure not only him, but his slave as well. Her services would go to the household for the night, not just Jerry. Chen and Rob carried on the bidding the longest, Rob finally winning.

"I love the idea a lesbian and a police officer is going to suck my dick," he said, dropping his chips in the bag. "It's like two for the price of one."

Rhonda stood up and curtsied to him, smiling, unashamed.

Sandy was called to the auction block. I had her display for the bidders.

"Next up for bid is a red silk slave, purchased for the night, yours to enjoy until ten AM tomorrow when she has to be returned to her Master. She's been sold before and proven to be a marvelously talented slave, able to please both men and women with equal skill and fervor. Every hole is available for the night. She's a compliant slave who's been at least a part-time submissive for over thirty-five years. What is bid for this skilled seductress?"

Dan didn't bid for his own wife, wishing her to be sold to others. Master, Jerry and Chen bid the longest, Jerry dropping out earlier than expected again. By my estimation, he had the most chips remaining, and since he hadn't spent any yet, would be able to buy me if he wanted. Perhaps he needed the money for his wedding next month, and that was why he was reluctant to spend much. Wedding's were expensive affairs, even for grooms, though he was making pretty good money as a co-owner of Master's business. He hadn't yet purchased 49%, but his share was growing every month.

Chen eventually won Sandy, which excited Janet no end, excited they'd be sharing someone for the night.

Since I was the next to be sold, I had to surrender my duties as auctioneer to Master. He had me display for the bidders. My cunt was dripping. I hadn't cum since cum break at lunch and all of the activities of the game had aroused me greatly. My nipples were throbbingly hard and tender. He kissed me before starting the auction, his hand wandering, feeling my arousal. I was such a slave. I loved this.

******

SCOTT

Except for my shitty cards tonight, the evening had gone pretty much as expected, though I was surprised Regina paid so much to fuck Shasta. I wondered if I'd missed something during the time I'd been gone. I knew Shasta allowed her slave to be used by Regina's ex, but there seemed to be more undercurrents in their relationship than I expected. I didn't have a ton of money to bid, having less than my initial buy in.

Julia did a wonderful job as auctioneer, teasing the crowd, making them excited at the prospect of owning whatever they were bidding on. My last chance at a purchase tonight ended with Mom being sold to Chen. I didn't think Julia would slip past Jerry unless he just didn't want to spend money.

She took her place on the block and I kissed her, knowing I wouldn't see her again until tomorrow morning unless hell froze over. Jerry could pay twice what I had left without breaking a sweat. I also ran my hand over her soft breasts, turgid nipples and felt the slick juices gracing her cunt. My lovely slave was aroused as hell and wanted to be fucked.

"This is my beloved wife and slave," I said, "keeper of my heart and mother of my child, being sold tonight as a red silk slave for the entire night. I don't need fancy, flowering words to describe her. Everyone of you has fucked her and knows what a slave slut she is, willing to please in every way she can. Her body is flawless, her mind creative and if she can't discover a way to drain the cum from your balls, it doesn't exist. What am I bid for this delectable slave for one night of heaven?"

"Two hundred, eighty-seven dollars," Jerry said, and just like that, the auction was over.

I slapped Julia's cute ass and told her to stand with her temporary Master while the others performed for their owners. I decided to keep an eye on Sean to see how he responded when his Mistress was fucked.

"Shasta, you were first sold and Regina bought your mouth. How do you want to proceed?"

"Excuse me," Regina interrupted, "could I say something first?"

"Go ahead," I said.

"I know Shasta has ultimate control over how she wishes to be used, but I'd like to suggest what I'd like to happen and the order, since I purchased two of her holes. She can agree or not, but perhaps she'd like my suggestion."

"Shasta," I asked, "do you have an objection to listening to Regina's requests first?"

"No, I'm listening."

"I'd like both Edward and I to fuck her cunt and ass first together. I know I would normally get fifteen minutes for fucking her ass, or possibly less, since I might cum myself, but since Edward gets to go until he orgasms, I'd like to continue fucking her ass until he's done, so we can enjoy the double penetration for as long as he can continue. Once he climaxes, I will enjoy her oral services, but if, as it's been hinted, she wants to enjoy mine at the same time, I would get to lick Edward's cum out of her cunt, a familiar taste, so's to speak, since this will be one of the few times I've licked a cunt."

You could have knocked me over with a feather. This was an odd request, but an arousing one as well. Did Regina think Shasta had never done a double penetration before and would be shocked or unnerved by it. She'd done it a few times now, though Regina might not know it. I wondered what Shasta would say in response?

"You want to double penetrate me with Ed, I don't give a shit," Shasta said. "Just cut my work down by one-third the time."

"Mistress," Sean said, "if you'd like me to lick Edward's cock and Miss Regina's strap-on to get them wet and make it easier for you, I'll do so."

Another little surprise. Did he want to make Ed's penetration easier, or suck him so he'd cum sooner and wouldn't fuck Shasta as long, not to mention what Ed would think about the suggestion.

"I'm sure they have lube if we need it, slave, but my cunt is ready to fuck now and if Regina wants to shove her dildo up my cunt first, I don't even think we need lube."

"Yes, Mistress." Sean shut up and didn't say any more, so points to him.

"Put that thing on, Regina, let's see if you got enough to really fuck me with that thing," Shasta said.

Regina took off her clothes and donned the strap-on. Ed got flat on his back on the floor and before Shasta mounted him, Regina moistened the strap-on in her cunt. Three strokes was enough to soak it and Shasta heartily moaned the whole time. Shasta squatted over Ed's prong.

"You pretty big, cowboy. Bet you fill me up real nice, let me feel what Regina feel every time you plug her cunt."

Shasta sank slowly over his shaft, cumming once before she hit bottom. Firmly seated, she looked behind her at Regina.

"Show me what you got, honey," leaning down to expose her black back door entrance.

Regina was rather brutal when she slid into Shasta's back door, going much harder than I would ever enter someone's ass, though I've fucked them harder once they were used to it. Shasta merely grunted and by no other indication did she give Regina the satisfaction of thinking she was bothered at all. I started a fifteen minute timer in case it was needed.

The two of them proceeded to fuck Shasta hard. She shuddered several times on the phalli filling her, cumming from her fucking, and moaning when she did. The fucking itself she treated like any other fucking, no better or worse, just another day in the park.

Ed lasted for eighteen minutes, eventually climaxing, groaning. "Christ! They weren't kidding when they said you were tight."

I warned Regina she had to pull out. As far as I could tell, Shasta's pucker had taken quite a beating. Regina's strap-on was fairly large and very rigid. Less big around than Rob or Ed, but longer. Regina removed the strap-on and handed it Sean.

"I'm sure you know what to do with this, sweetie," patting his cheek. Sean took it and washed it.

"So how do you want to do this?" Regina asked.

"You on the bottom, me on top," Shasta said, smiling.

"Mind if we do it on the couch instead of the floor?"

"No problem."

Regina lay down on the couch and Shasta crouched over her face and I witnessed Shasta get even for her rugged fucking. Ed's cum was dripping out of her pussy. She sat on Regina's face, essentially smearing it all over before telling me to start the timer, then leaning down and starting to lick Regina's cunt. She never once neglected her duties as the one who's mouth was sold. I never saw her lips or tongue leave Regina's pussy, licking and lapping, as best she could, but her cunt was soaked, with her cum and Ed's, and she used every second to rub it all over Regina's face, leaving a huge mess which Regina had no hope of keeping up with. Regina was practically gagging on cum.

The timer went off and Shasta hopped up, turned around, and laid a lip lock on Regina, slipping her some tongue.

"That was a lot of fun, Regina. We need to do that again sometime," Shasta said, smiling and licking her lips.

Even Ed and Rob were clapping when she finished. Regina had to go clean off her face. It usually took ten women to make a face so messy.

Rob sat down on the couch and Rhonda knelt in front of him and proceeded to give him his reward.

Shasta whispered to me when Regina left to clean up, "Regina has a mean streak in her."

"It seemed to me you gave as good as you got," I replied.

"I had to let her know she wasn't fucking with just anyone."

"How did you like it otherwise?"

"It wasn't great. Too rough, but bearable. If you don't mind, Scott. I'm a little sore. Wouldn't mind if you let me use your hot tub, maybe spend the night, get some slave lovin' in the morning."

"It's quite all right."

She squeezed my hand. "Thanks."

Rhonda actually made Rob cum in less than fifteen minutes, groaning out his load into her mouth.

Rhonda got off her knees, saying, "You must love getting sucked by lesbian cops, Mister Rob. I thought you'd last longer." She wiped up a drop of cum on the corner of her mouth and licked her finger.

"You're getting so much better at that," he said, his prick wilting.

"Practice makes perfect. I've been sucking cocks all night long."

It was time to go. Mom said goodbye to Dad, dressed and left with Chen.

"You can spend the night at my house, Dad. Chen lives next door anyway. Makes it easier to collect Mom."

"Don't mind if I do."

I kissed and hugged Julia. "Be a good slave. I want to hear nothing but good reports about your performance tomorrow."

"I'll make you proud, Master."

"I know you will."

"Am I to be allowed to cum while I'm gone, sir, or will I be punished when I come home tomorrow?"

Master laughed. "I'll leave it up to Jerry if you're allowed to cum."

"Thank you, Master."

She said goodbye to Lisa, Rhonda and Shasta as well, whispering, "I loved what you did. Good job, Mistress," to Shasta as they hugged.

Sean rode with Dad. Rhonda and Lisa rode with me and the baby. Shasta drove herself. By the time we got home, Lucas was starting to fuss again and I suspected hunger as it was late. Rhonda said she'd heat up a bottle and give him some strained vegetables as all he had was mother's milk for supper. Sean went to bed in the basement. Dad, Lisa, Shasta and I went out to the hot tub and cranked it up. Shasta just sat, soaking in the warmth and bubbles, soothing her tender bits. I fucked Lisa while she sucked Dad's cock, both of us cumming at the same time. When I pulled out, she didn't sit down in the tub, but remained on her feet bent over.

"Do you have a cramp?" I asked.

"No, Master. I just don't want your sperm to wash out until it's had a chance to work."

Dad and I laughed, Shasta smiled and I kissed Lisa's bottom, then patted it.

"Let's not let any go to waste," I said. "God knows I'll only be fucking you twice a day until you're preggers."

******

JULIA

Before I was sold, Master said many wonderful things about me, making me proud to be his slave. I was put up for sale and Jerry immediately snapped me up, not even giving others a chance to bid. Nor had he gone cheap, spending all of his chips to buy me, though he could have had me for less.

After I was sold, I went to Jerry and Reneé, kneeling between them, hugging their legs, as the rest of the evening played out. I had no doubt I would enjoy my time with them greatly. Jerry was a masterful lover and Reneé a delightful slave who knew how to please women.

It was time to settle the sales and Shasta was first. I don't know what it was about Regina. She seemed perfectly comfortable around men, congenial and good natured, but women were another matter entirely. She acted differently around them, particularly strong women, like Sarah and Shasta. She generally treated slaves a little better, as if we were no threat to her, and perhaps she didn't recognize us as such, knowing we were anchored to our Master's, but the others weren't and might be a threat to her somehow.

Shasta went along with everything Regina suggested and suffered through a somewhat brutal fucking, though it didn't stop her from cumming fairly often. I suspect she would have orgasmed more often with a more tender fucking than she received. Ed wasn't so bad. He was just Ed, big and burly and thickly endowed. It was Regina's ass fucking which looked bad in comparison, rough and hard. If driven by male muscles, I'm sure it would have been worse. Shasta didn't complain at all. She took it all placidly up until Ed injected his seed into her, Master calling time.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
It's when the tables were reversed that Shasta got her revenge. She still had to lick Regina, but Regina had to lick her too, and Shasta's cunt was drenched in cum. She made Regina take the bottom in a sixty-nine and almost sat on her face before it started. Shasta kept squeezing out Edward's cream, rubbing it all over Regina's face, squeezing out more and repeating. She never stopped pleasuring Regina the whole time, keeping up her end of the sale, but any comparison of the two faces was laughable.

White stuff was smeared all over Regina's face, from neck to forehead and ear to ear, some of it Shasta, a lot of it Ed. I don't know if Ed had ever given Regina a facial before, but Shasta sure gave her one.

The timer ended it and Shasta got off Regina, then turned around, and gave her an open mouthed kiss, perhaps letting Regina taste herself.

"That was a lot of fun, Regina. We need to do that again sometime," Shasta said.

Ed and Rob were clapping. There were many reasons they might have been clapping, but I couldn't help feel it was somewhat disrespectful. It might also have been they enjoyed seeing Regina lick cunt and cheering for that. I suspected Regina might want an explanation eventually. I can't claim to know how their minds worked, except it often worked together, one understanding the other perfectly.

Rob sat down and Rhonda rewarded him for his purchase, sucking him dry in less time than I expected. Shasta and Master talked, but I had no clue what they were discussing.

Now it was time to break up. Sandra got ready to leave with Chen, and I had to leave with Jerry.

Master hugged me and kissed me. "Be a good slave. I want to hear nothing but good reports about your performance tomorrow."

"I'll make you proud, Master," I replied.

"I know you will."

I wasn't going to make the same mistake when he arranged for my many fuckings before our bonding.

"Am I to be allowed to cum while I'm gone, sir, or will I be punished when I come home tomorrow?"

Master laughed. "I'll leave it up to Jerry if you're allowed to cum."

"Thank you, Master."

I said goodbye to Lisa and Rhonda, asking them to look after Lucas while I was gone. I couldn't help saying goodbye to Shasta either, whispering, "I loved what you did. Good job, Mistress." She smiled back at me.

I got dressed and got into the back seat of Jerry's work truck, which he'd driven from Los Angeles. His clothes and other items were in the back seat with me. He must have had Reneé waiting at the curb when he picked her up because he hadn't dropped anything off. I knew Reneé was a horny little slut right now. She was more bereft of sex when her Master was gone than I was, since I had two other slaves to keep me satisfied. Reneé had her cum breaks at lunch and whatever else her Master might allow her, which wasn't much given how desperate she was at lunch.

As soon as we reached the house, both slaves stripped down. I asked Jerry if he was going to let me cum tonight. He laughed and said we could both cum as often as we wished. Knowing how miserable Reneé had to be, I suggested Jerry fuck his own slave before he worried about me. I even got in a sixty-nine with her with me on the bottom, licking her clit while Jerry fucked her, sliding through her slave slit. Jerry had cum often enough tonight he was able to throw her a good long fucking before he spasmed. I know Reneé climaxed a half dozen times at least before Jerry orgasmed. I climaxed often as well. Reneé was a good cunt licker.

"Mmmm," Reneé said, "I needed that so bad. Thank you, Julia." Her Master was still pulsing in her pussy.

"I know how I am when Master's gone," I said. "I even have sister slaves to pleasure me. You have no one. It was the least I could do."

Jerry pulled out, his shaft slithering out like a snake, pearly cum dripping with it. I captured his cock so I could clean him before he messed the bed. A few seconds with him and then I did the same for Reneé, capturing their cum as it leaked from her pussy. I gave her two more orgasms in the process, to make up for his week long absence.

"I need to take a shower," Jerry said. "Join me, slave," to Reneé. "How about you?" Jerry asked me.

"I had a shower after work and haven't gotten messy yet, sir," I smiled. "Until now, I haven't even cum since lunch."

"We'll have to fix that soon, won't we?"

"Please, sir. I'm looking forward to your big cock fucking me."

"Don't you mean my big black cock?" Jerry laughed.

"Black is self evident, Master."

"Big isn't?"

"Not at the moment, Master," I said, pointing to his shrunken appendage, "but I'm sure Reneé and I can remedy that deficiency before it's needed."

Jerry laughed and they went to take a shower. I straightened the bed, pulling down the covers, then getting my toothbrush from my purse, brushed my teeth, using some of their mouthwash. I went back to the bedroom and lay down to wait. They soon joined me, Jerry looking more Jerry like and Reneé drying her hair with a fluffy towel.

"Do you have any suggestions of how you wish to be fucked?" Jerry asked.

"As your slave has been without almost any sex while you've been gone, sir, I would gladly enjoy pleasuring her while you fuck me from behind. Would you like me to get you prepared?"

"I'll be fine once I see you two playing with one another. You get started. I'll join in when I'm ready."

"Yes, sir. Reneé, if you'll lie on the bed, I wish to send you to heaven."

Reneé got comfortable, parting her legs. Even now, dampness glistened on her pussy and it wasn't all water from the shower. I took my time, being in no particular rush. I did everything I could to bring her along slowly, but bring her off big. When she had her first, post shower, orgasm, I felt Jerry lift me to my knees, pushing my legs apart and it was only seconds before I felt him shove his lovely cock straight up my cunt. I orgasmed immediately, having been ready for sex for hours. Just as I'd taken my time with his slave, he took his time with me, fucking me ever so slowly, using every inch of his dick to stroke my needy cunt. It took five more minutes before I had my second, and another four before the third, since he was still taking his time.

"Fuck me, sir," I moaned, neglecting Reneé's slave cunt for the moment. "Fuck me hard and fuck me deep. Give me your cum."

I returned to my task as he drove deep inside me, letting me feel every millimeter of his strong shaft shredding my pussy, turning it to a liquid puddle. Two strokes like that and I orgasmed again. Six more and I was shuddering, pinioned on his prick as waves of pleasure swept through me, one after the other. He pounded me hard for five more minutes before he slammed into me one last time and his prick pulsed inside me, flooding my pussy. He throbbed inside me, bathing me with cream. When he pulled out, I turned and was on him like a shot, sucking his cock clean. I felt Reneé's tongue delving inside my still frizzing cunt to do the same for me, cumming again.

"Damn," Jerry said, "I think that's done it for me. It's been a long hard week and it's late and I need a little sleep."

"Master, would you mind if Reneé and I continue our activities? We can leave the room if you think we'll disturb you."

"I don't think a bomb going off could disturb me," Jerry said. "Go right ahead."

So as Jerry settled into sleep, Reneé and I continued to pleasure one another for another hour. We were both near exhaustion ourselves and were cuddled together lightly kissing before sleeping.

"Does Jerry like to be awakened in the morning with a blow job," I whispered in her delicate pink ear, nibbling a bit.

Reneé shivered, then replied, "Fairly often, though he likes to be well rested when it happens."

"I only have until about 9:30 to take advantage of his cock. I think we might have to wake him earlier than he expects."

I nuzzled a berry tipped breast. She shivered again. "As long as I get another fucking from it, why the hell not," she whispered.

We settled into sleep.

******

Around seven, I stretched, looking at my watch. Jerry has had enough sleep, I thought. He's got all fucking week to sleep and I'm losing my Master again on Sunday.

He was lying on his back, lightly snoring, his legs open and his snake draped across a muscular thigh. As sneaky as a mouse in a room full of cats, I slipped down to his prick, breathing lightly on it. I stuck my tongue out and licked lightly from stem to crown. He stirred, but didn't wake up. I gathered just the tip of his cock into my mouth, not licking, not sucking, just holding him inside in the wet warmth. I felt him start to swell, so slowly, probably not even aware he was, still asleep. He grew bigger and bigger, occupying more of my mouth which I was keeping still, breathing through my nose. Finally, I couldn't help myself and nudged Reneé awake with a foot, then sucked my way down his shaft.

"What the fuck," Jerry said groggily, then realized there was a slave attached to his dick.

I moved back up, sucking lightly, then down, swirling my tongue around the veins on his cock.

"Jesus, Julia," he moaned, "What time is it?"

"After seven, sir," I answered, before lowering myself down his dick again. Reneé was finally struggling awake and seeing me with her Master's shaft enveloped, moved between his legs to caress and suck his sack.

Jerry might still be tired, but as erect as he was becoming now, there was no way someone wasn't getting fucked and we all knew it. Since he was hard enough, I simply mounted him, sliding down his pole like it was greased. It wasn't, but I was.

"Renee, why don't you let your Master taste that delicious cunt I licked last night."

She looked to him for permission and he finally said, "Why the hell not."

I rested my hands on his broad chest and started riding him hard. Reneé swung a leg over Jerry's face and leaned forward a little so she wouldn't smother him then settled into position over his mouth. Since we were both leaning towards one another, I kissed her, tasting her soft lips which had given me so much pleasure last night. She reached between us and cupped a breast, flicking her thumb over my taut, plump nipple. Oh, I moaned. Embedded on a wonderful cock, kissing a lovely girl and having my milk swollen breasts played with.

Reneé must have agreed with the pleasure of it. Jerry was practically slurping, attempting to keep up with Reneé's liquid flow. I waited until I'd had two orgasms and since Jerry hadn't cum yet, told Reneé to switch with me. In a heartbeat, she was riding his mighty staff and he was licking at my puffy, pouting pussy.

I leaned forward to suck Reneé's nipples, and she climaxed a second time, then a third. So did I, although Jerry could probably use a couple cunt licking lessons. Jerry's groans were becoming deeper and his thrusts more frantic, so he was close to cumming.

"After your Master cums," I said, "just fall backward on the bed and I'll clean you both."

"Yes," she whimpered.

Within a minute, Jerry arched his back, thrusting upward and pumped a night full of cum into his slave, who continued riding him to another orgasm. As he started shrinking, she fell backward. I leaned forward to clean his prick while he continued licking my folds, then further forward, to clean his slave, her quim still quivering as her orgasm abated. I lapped at their discharges, gathering all on my tongue. He could no longer reach me, so lay there panting, finally able to draw a full breath. Knowing time was slipping away, I slid backward, taking his cock into my mouth again, hoping for another erection before we had to start the day.

I achieved my goal, feeling him swelling, engorge with blood, raising the flag again instead of surrendering.

"What's gotten into you?" Jerry panted.

"I'm about to lose my Master for another week, sir, and he's mostly fucking Lisa, so she can get pregnant. I need more cock."

"I would have thought you had enough last Saturday to last a month."

"It merely whet my appetites, Master."

"Fuck," he growled, spinning me onto my back and taking me, driving deep in a single thrust. I orgasmed, moaning.

"Ride this slave's mouth," Jerry said, "keep her from making so much noise."

"Yes, Master," Reneé giggled before covering me with her silky folds. My tongue slithered deep inside her slick tunnel, the velvety soft flesh melting before my oral assault. She spasmed, cumming, soaking my face. I continued lapping at her tangy sweetness, hints of Jerry's salty cum still hidden deep inside her. We both climaxed many more times before I felt Jerry throbbing inside my cunt.

He pulled out, finally allowed to shrink and Reneé abandoned her station on my face, leaving me damp in her fluids.

"I'll need a shower this morning," I said, laughing. "I feel quite messy now."

Jerry pulled us both up into his arms, kissing first one, then the other.

"I can see why Scott enjoys multiple slaves," Jerry said. "This is very enjoyable."

"For me as well," I said. "I greatly enjoy pleasuring your slave."

"Let me ask you a question," Jerry said, stroking my hair. "Do you really like being shared with other men?"

"I do, sir. It converges with some of my deepest and most erotic fantasies. I began this journey because Master noticed me reading reverse harem novels. Are you familiar with them?"

"Yes, he discussed it when he first talked to me about what you were doing."

"They strike a deep chord with me. To be put in submission and submit to men who desire to master me and put me in chains. Perhaps I'm partly exhibitionist, because I'm as aroused as I can be when I'm placed on the auction block and inspected by potential buyers like a piece of meat, not knowing who will purchase me and what they'll do to me once they own me. Master was willing to fulfill those fantasies for me for a period of three weeks. I loved it. I adored it. I wanted to keep going forever. But it was hard on Master to watch. I understand, because I still feel something every time he fucks another woman. So when he said he couldn't do it anymore, I would have sacrificed it all to be with him, and when he said, I could continue in my submission as long as I only had sex with other women, I was willing. My husband was more important than submission and submission was more crucial than fucking other men. That's the order in which I hold them in regard. I love my husband very much and above all men, I wished to be with him, and then, to submit to him. If given a choice of remaining his slave and not being with any other men, I choose to remain a slave and fuck him only.

"But I've heard you tell Scott many times that you don't need other men?" He asked questioningly.

"I don't need other men, sir, but I do want them. Need and want are not the same. If he's willing to share me with other men and permit me to remain his slave, I will happily fuck anyone he allows me to. In some ways, it's probably best he has control over me as I'm unsure how in control of myself I'd be if he were not."

"Can you tell me why you enjoy it so much?"

"When you first fucked me, Master, was it exciting to you; increase your enjoyment, knowing you would be fucking your bosses white wife? More exciting than just picking someone up in a bar?"

"Yes. It was very arousing," Jerry admitted. "Strange, but very exciting."

"It was the same for me, sir. I knew you, knew you were one of my husband's best friends and he was going to let me fuck you while he watched. I was as aroused as you by the experience, the newness, the strangeness of it; my first black man. Every time I'd see you again, we'd both know you'd fucked your bosses wife, made her cum on your cock. You know how wet I was when you touched me. And when I was made to service the poker players and sold afterward, I knew everyone of Master's closest friends would have seen his wife suck their cock and the cocks of his other friends and every time I saw all of you again, they would know, and I would know, what a little slut slave I was. I was both afraid to be so used and humiliated, and freed by it. When there's nothing left to hide, and all is exposed, you truly know who you are, and I am without question, a slave.

"I no longer have any shame at fucking a total stranger or being the subject of a train while my friends and family watch. I am a slut who wants nothing more than to feel another cock in her cunt or lick another pussy at the behest of the Master who controls me. Master has finally realized my desire for other cocks is no threat to him or his happiness. I am his and will always remain his, no matter who I have sex with. My love for and submission to my Master cannot be altered. As long as he desires my submission, he shall have it. I will ensure I will be the best submissive I'm capable of being. If he requires I give up sex for a month to prove myself to him, I will. If he wants me to give you and your slave the greatest possible pleasure I can, I will. It inflames me, excites me, arouses me, to be used by others, just as it excited you to fuck your bosses wife."

"Do you feel the same way, Reneé? Would you like to fuck other people as much as Julia?"

"I feel much the same way, Master, although I can see she's gone beyond the point where I see myself. Something different on occasion would be appreciated. Having all of my holes filled at once would be nice. I don't want it every day, but as a change, yes, I'd enjoy other cocks."

"Why do you want it? Aren't I enough for you?"

"Master Jerry, sir," I said, "the better question might be, isn't your slave enough for you? This woman has submitted to your will, agreed to marry you, given you control over her sex, including whether it is even allowed her or not, whether she can cum or not when she's fucking, and if she'll be punished for disobedience. She has willingly surrendered much of who she is to your control. She openly lets you fuck other women, including one you purchased last night, even though you hadn't fucked her for a week. She let you fuck Mrs. Thornhill without a word of protest. But except for the cum break you've allowed her at work, how many times has she been allowed to cum while you were gone, a fucking needy slave like myself who craves fucking? Has she even been allowed to masturbate to ease her torment?"

Jerry didn't answer.

"Or let me put it another way, sir. You met Reneé at our Memorial Day party. Were you surprised or offended when she was fucked by most of the men there? Did the method of your meeting make her seem like 'soiled goods' who you'd never deign to look at again? No, sir. You did not. You were excited by her, aroused by her, enchanted with her, wanting to accept her as your slave, once she determined permanent submission was right for her. Yet the same thing that aroused you and drew you together in the first place is somehow wrong now? She can't be the sexual creature released on that day because it might offend or bother you? That she might enjoy a different cock?"

I held his hand, squeezing it, then his cock, not squeezing.

"I love Master with every fiber of my being. I cum dozens of times a day having sex with him. I'm not disappointed in how he fucks me. It doesn't mean I don't want to feel this cock in me," holding Jerry's cock up, kissing it, "that he is somehow not good enough for me because I enjoy the same variety I allow him to enjoy. Every time he fucks Lisa, or Rhonda, or Zoe, or Dawn, or Shasta is not a measure of how much or how little of a woman I am. It's an indication that he loves women and wants to enjoy all the little distinctions that make us different from one another. If your slave wants to feel another cock inside her, it's not that she's somehow disappointed in your prick; only that it's a different prick and the person who possesses it is different and will feel different and fuck different and hold her different and kiss her different than you do. If she was disappointed in you as a man, would she want to walk down that aisle with you and bear your children, suffer your hand on her burning ass, or allow you buy another slave for the night like she did last night? Indeed, it seems to me she thinks so highly of your almighty prick that she feels you can satisfy both of us. That seems to me, to be someone who finds you more than enough for her, and just because she would be happy with a little variety, doesn't make it any less true."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 6|
--------------------------------------------
"That's a very impassioned speech, Mrs. Rivers."

"I'm a very passionate woman, sir. To put it one more way so you might understand a slave mindset, you know I now consider myself as good as married to Lisa as I am to my husband. We've arranged contractual agreements which make her an equal in our relationship. As much as I love Lisa, doesn't mean I love her less or find her less attractive and desirable because I also acquired a woman slave for myself, nor that I can't enjoy fucking your slave. It doesn't mean she doesn't complete me in a way others don't. It's just sex. Both of us can have sex with other women without believing we are less to each other than we are, regardless of my desire to burrow my head between Reneé's thighs and tongue fuck her to orgasm. The only difference between my wish to have your cock in my cunt or her tongue, is the sex of the person doing it. Master realizes it now. My fucking you is no different than fucking Reneé, yet he had no problem with my fucking Reneé, only you.

"I would never dare tell you what you should or shouldn't do with your slave, Master, but if you think your slave finds you less than the man and Master she worships because she would like a cock in her ass to match yours in her cunt, you would be mistaken. Now is there any chance we can get this working again before I have to leave?"

I jiggled his limp prick.

"I think it could be arranged, if both of you are willing to work for it."

"You take his cock, Reneé, I'll take his balls. He should be good for a twenty minute fucking when he's ready. We'll split the time fifty-fifty."

"Forget time," Reneé cooed. "You get two orgasms, then I get two, then switch again until he surrenders his cum. The winner of the cum lottery gets her creampie licked by the loser." Her mouth descended over his cock.

"Deal," I said, crawling between his legs, cupping and sucking his sack.

Jerry growled, an atavistic sound which sent shivers up my spine and liquid dripping from my cunt.

******

 

--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 60|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-60|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<i>Wendy experiences anal sex and a double penetration for the first time. Scott is surprised to find two unexpected guests in his bed on different nights. Sean hears good news. Julia fucks someone she meets in the grocery store. This chapter contains oral and anal sex, lesbian sex, interracial sex, and group sex. This fantasy world doesn't have to worry about STD's or COVID-19. </i>

<b>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 60 - Unexpected Surprises</b>

SCOTT

Shasta asked if it would be all right with me if she slept in our bed. She'd gotten accustomed to sleeping with another person and missed the comfort of a warm body beside her. I had no problems with it and she spent the night on one side, with me on the other and two slaves between us. When I woke the following morning, Rhonda was ensconced between Shasta's legs, giving her pleasure, trying to be quiet, so as not to disturb anyone else. I lay there listening to the sibilant sounds of wet tongues over silky flesh, enjoying the muted moans of Shasta's cumming.

At some point, listening was not enough. My cock was rising and I'd need a place to plant it. Lisa still slumbered beside me, curled in a loose ball. I began running my hand over the flank and cheek within my reach. No rush, but it would need to commence shortly. Finally, Lisa stirred and turned to face me. 

"Can I help you, Master?" She whispered, conscious of the other two beside her.

"You could ride my prick," I responded. "You're not getting pregnant by yourself."

She looked to see if I would need help this morning and realized quickly I didn't. She swung her leg over me and ensured I was aimed at the proper hole before sinking over my shaft. All pretense of pretending anyone was asleep disappeared. Shasta's moans were as loud as my slave's the next time she orgasmed. Generally, the sounds of sex coming from our bedroom must have been quite loud. 

The baby monitor went off and Rhonda said, "I'm sorry Mistress, I need to get this." 

Rhonda got up and disappeared to get Lucas. Shasta turned and watched us for awhile until I climaxed, then turned onto her back staring at the ceiling.

"This is killing me," she muttered.

"Would you like to shower with us?" I asked. "Lisa can make you cum again."

"Why not," Shasta said, "but what I really want is a cock. Damn Sean, the little motherfucker. He insinuated himself into my life like a bloodsucking leech, and everyone wants me to keep him."

"You know; you might want to consider giving him another chance. You did notice he offered to get Ed's cock wet so it would slide into you easier? It seemed he was trying to be helpful instead of cock block you."

"He did, didn't he? I guess I was caught up in the moment."

"Let me suggest this. When we go out for breakfast, let's be all lovey dovey and you thank me for giving you a lovely fuck. If he ignores everything we do and doesn't say anything, take him home with you. If he responds negatively, you'll know he's never going to figure it out and it's time to embrace the fact he can't accept his station in your life. You'll need to make it clear it's his last chance at the dance or he's gone for good."

"God knows I want to take him home again."

"Lisa, when we go out to the kitchen, let Rhonda know not to reveal Shasta didn't have sex with me and only had it with her."

"Yes, Master."

All three of us took a shower and Lisa did help give Shasta that freshly fucked look we were going for. When we went out to the kitchen, Sean was working on breakfast and Rhonda was feeding Lucas. I had my arm around Shasta and was hugging and kissing her, running a hand up and down her side from hip to boob. Lisa went to hug Rhonda and kiss Lucas and I assume she said something then because Rhonda smiled and nodded. Lisa started helping Sean with breakfast.

"Where's my Dad?" I asked.

"He went home fifteen minutes ago when Sandy got back. They looked as if they had things to do, Master," Rhonda said, smiling, "and very little time to do them."

"Probably needed what I needed," Shasta said. "Thanks, Scott, for that wonderful fuck. After last night, I didn't know if I could take another cock so soon, but you were very gentle."

"You're welcome, Shasta." I held a chair for her at the table and gave her a serious tonsil searching kiss when she sat down. "I had a great time. You're always welcome here." I sat down beside her, pulling my chair close.

"It means a lot to me since I no longer have my own slave. Lisa, tell Julia how much I appreciate all of you sharing your Master with me."

"You can tell her yourself. She should be home in fifteen minutes."

"Should I make more breakfast, Master?" Sean said, stirring up scrambled eggs on the stove, but otherwise keeping quiet.

"Let's ask her when she gets home," I said. "Jerry and Reneé might have fed her."

"Yes, sir."

Lisa poured orange juice and coffee for those who wanted it and Sean started plating breakfast. I leaned over to kiss her again and ran my hand up Shasta's leg, cupping her sex. I started stroking the outside of her pussy, making her moan. 

"Your cunt is as sweet as honey," I said. "You've one of the best tasting pussies I know."

Shasta laughed. "You kidder. You just say that to all the women you fuck."

"Master is right, Mistress," Rhonda said. "I could lick your pussy for hours. Don't you think so, Sean?"

"Mistress tastes very good," Sean said neutrally.

Sean set plates down on the table in front of Shasta and I. When he did, I inserted two fingers into her. She started, then moaned, turning for another kiss. When I broke it off, I made a point of licking my fingers clean, savoring her taste. Sean calmly gave the others their food and sat down. We started eating.

"Master, where would you like me to set up the computer equipment so I can start working on the web design," Sean said.

I looked at Shasta. She stared back at me for a few seconds, then sighed and shrugged.

"Oh, what the fuck; you might as well set it up in your room at my house."

The look Sean got on his face was priceless. He had to make sure he wasn't dreaming. "Mistress?" He asked.

"You heard me. I'm giving you one more goddamn chance, and you'd better not blow it, because it's the last time I bother with you if you fuck it up again."

Sean put a solemn look on his face that couldn't hide the joy underneath. "Yes, Mistress. I won't disappoint you again."

"Better not. You'll be tested. I date other men. I'll fuck other men if I want, and you don't say a damn word about it. I will not be controlled by you or anyone else. I'm in control of my life, not you."

"Yes, Mistress. I understand."

"After you clean up the kitchen and thank Scott and his slaves for their hospitality, you start loading my car with your shit. I'll let Momma know we got another mouth to feed for supper."

"Thank you, Mistress." Sean couldn't wipe the smile off his face no matter how he tried. 

Julia got home, stripping as she came through the door. She looked as happy as Sean did.

"Did you have a good time last night?" I asked.

"I had a wonderful time last night, Master," she said, sitting in my lap and kissing me.

"Did you have a chance to eat breakfast this morning, or did you only have time for fucking?" Lisa asked.

"Just fucking," she said, smiling.

"Well, you'll have to make your own breakfast," I said. "Sean's already finished making ours."

"Yes, sir. Peanut butter and toast will do it for me." 

She kissed me again, putting her hand between my legs and feeling for my cock. 

"Didn't you have enough?" I asked.

"I never get enough, Master, and you need to go to LA again tomorrow. A girl's gotta do what a girl's gotta do." She started stroking me to hardness now she had her hand on me.

"Fine." I was done with breakfast anyway.

I picked her up and carried her into the bedroom, tossing her on the bed, legs akimbo. She looked at me, eyes smoky with need.

"Fuck your slave, Master. Remind me what your cock feels like buried deep in my cunt."

"No problem."

******

Shasta and Sean were gone when we rejoined the others. Sean had taken the computer equipment with him. Lisa and Rhonda were on the patio, swimming and working out. Lucas was in a playpen under a sunshade. He was sitting up and playing with some plastic blocks, gurgling contentedly.

Julia gave Lucas the raspberries, making him giggle, then went to her slave and caressed her, letting her know how much she'd missed her. 

"Wendy texted me, Domina, telling me she was coming over when she got off work at four," Rhonda said.

"Not unexpected," Julia replied. "She seemed quite determined to have Master fuck her ass to me. Have you cum yet today, slave."

"No, Domina. Shasta wasn't in the mood to return my favors."

"I will." Julia said. She tossed one of the lounge cushions on the ground and lay down on her back. "Sixty-nine me."

"Yes, Domina, happily."

Julia parted her legs and they melted together.

"How are you, Master?" Lisa asked me. "Any regrets selling Julia last night."

"None worth mentioning," I replied. "I've prepared myself and I accept our circumstances. I actually feel better now than I did before. I was consumed with guilt."

"Unnecessarily, sir, but I'm happy you've relaxed your stance. A well fucked slave is a happy slave."

"Are you a well fucked slave?"

"If you're asking if I want another fucking, the answer is I can always use another."

"Bed?" I asked.

"As far as I'm concerned you can bend me over the picnic table, sir."

So I did.

******

JULIA

When I got home, Master happily took me to our bed and fucked me, apparently unconcerned for the night I'd spent away from him. I was happy he wasn't regretting his decisions. I was living the perfect life, if not for everyone, certainly for me.

When finished, we went outside where I greeted my baby and sister slaves. I learned poor Rhonda hadn't yet cum and set about giving her what I'd had a morning of, a ton of orgasms. Master was fucking Lisa bent over the picnic table so she wasn't being ignored either. 

When we were all done, which I admit, took quite long for Rhonda and myself, I looked around and noticed Sean wasn't there.

"Is Sean working on our website?" I asked. 

"Maybe, but probably not, Domina," Rhonda said. "He went home with Mistress Shasta and I doubt he's had a chance to work on a single thing yet."

I turned end over end and kissed a different set of lips, wet with my nectar.

"That's wonderful," I replied, stroking her turgid nipples, my fingers slipping between her damp thighs.

"He's getting one more chance, Domina," Rhonda said, gasping when I penetrated her with my fingers, "but he'd better not blow it this time."

"I hope not. He's good for her."

Rhonda spasmed, her back arching, still aroused from my earlier licking. I captured her moans in my mouth.

"Oh, Domina, you make me feel so good," she panted.

"I love you, slave."

"I love you, Domina."

Lucas eventually started to fuss and I got up and placed him on my breast. Rhonda got up to get some baby food and his diaper bag. Master and Lisa were doing laps in the pool. I let Lucas drink half of what he usually took, then Rhonda began feeding him cereal and strained fruits.

"Do you think we should cleanse Wendy when she gets here?" I asked. "I ask because she's your sister."

"Might as well, Domina. She should at least know how much nicer and cleaner she is afterward."

"Do you still think it's a good idea for Master to introduce her to sex?"

"I know he'll be gentle with her and enable her to enjoy it, which isn't always true with first times. Better him than a thousand other scenarios I worry about for her. If she really does decide she's submissive, I would wish you, Master, Jerry or Chen accept her submission, Domina. I think all of you would be relatively kind compared to others she might encounter."

"What about our friends in LA?"

"I think all of them would be fine, Domina, but I don't think she's ready to leave Fresno yet." 

"Do you hope she's a lesbian like you?"

"It's been very hard on me due to my family's lack of acceptance, Domina. I guess I'd prefer she not have to walk my path, but it's her decision to make."

I kissed her. "One of the reasons I love you."

******

Our doorbell rang around 4:30. Rhonda got up to get it, but I told her I'd get it and perhaps she and Lisa could start on supper. I opened the door and Wendy breezed through, taking off her top as she did so.

"You don't have to go naked, just because we do," I said. "It's a choice, not a mandate."

"I know, but before last weekend, I never realized how comfortable it is to go nude all the time. I've wanted to rip off my clothes a dozen times since I went home and realized I couldn't. It was depressing." 

She was down to bra and panties now and those quickly followed. As soon as the panties came off, I could see the butt plug bisecting her bottom. She reached into her big bag purse and pulled out the box of plugs, handing them to me. 

"I've finished with these, the only one left is the one in my butt. I've got to say, it's been a unique experience wearing these for five days. Sometimes, it's driven me crazy."

I smiled at her. 

"Before Master fucks you tonight, I'm going to show you how to cleanse your bottom. As you've probably noticed when changing out your plugs, they get quite dirty in your ass. The same would normally happen to a cock when it's in your ass, and when the man is finished, you need to be very careful to clean him and your bottom to avoid soiling your linens, which usually requires a warm wet washcloth. We can avoid those sorts of problems by cleansing you first. If you'll follow me into the bathroom, I will show you how it's done."

"Okay," she said, hesitantly.

We went into the bathroom and I had her bend over the counter so I could remove her current plug. I pulled it out with a plop and washed it with soap and water in the sink until it sparkled. I set it aside to dry and took out the enema equipment. I showed her how to mix the water and mild soap solution, how the nozzle worked and how we got the mixture into her rectum. I got the lube and greasing the nozzle, inserted it into her bottom, opened the valve, allowing the mixture to flow into her ass.

"You need to keep this inside of yourself as long as you can. You're going to feel pressure building up inside your guts until it feels like you might explode. When you don't think you can hold it anymore, sit on the toilet and expel it from your bowels, then we'll do it again."

"It feels weird," Wendy said. 

"It does," I admitted. 

It took about fifteen minutes before she needed to use the toilet. With a rather loud gush, it splashed into the bowl.

"That's disgusting," she said, wiping herself. 

"Yes, it is. Think of that when you put food in your system which is hard to digest. It's why you should eat lots of fruits, vegetables and bran or other high fiber items in your diet to help cleanse your system from the inside. There's less build up if you do. Mix up another bag and we'll repeat it." 

Wendy followed my instructions and prepared another enema, doing everything herself this time. When she evacuated her bowels this time, it was much cleaner. She was young, so that was in her favor.

"Again," I said. 

She did it again and the water was essentially clear. 

"One more time without the soap. Even though it's mild, I don't like leaving it inside myself." 

Wendy did it one more time and only soap residue was flushed from her system. I had her bend over the counter again, and with the assistance of the lube, reinserted her largest plug, the one we'd just taken out. I pushed it in, twisted it about a couple times, then removed it.

To Wendy's utter shock and dismay, I put the plug in my mouth and sucked it.

"OMG, did you just suck that plug?"

"I did and you're going to also."

"No fucking way."

"Fucking way or you're not fucking my Master. It's important to keep things from getting messy. This is a part of it. It's why I cleansed your bottom. It's now cleaner than the cunt you licked a week ago and a hell of a lot cleaner than your mouth which is a Petri dish of bacteria. Remember that every time you kiss someone. You're reacting, not to reality, but to the perception of where it's been. Pay attention and bend over. I'm going to stick it in your butt again."

She bent over and I repeated myself, pushing it in, twisting it about, then removing it. I showed it to her. It was essentially clear, with a little white fluid on it.

"What's this white junk?"

"Mucus. The body uses it for lots of things. Essentially, it's used to help protect skin layers from contact with outside substances. It's present in your lungs and airway system, including your nose. It's present in your digestive system including the stomach, intestines and rectum, and the urogenital system protecting your vagina. It contains antibacterial agents which helps fight disease and infections. In the rectum, it helps to ease waste out of your body. It's also present in your pussy as part of what makes you wet and ready for penetration, helping to protect the inner layers from friction from a cock rubbing against you. It's tasteless. Lick it."

Wendy looked at me like I was demented. I licked one side and handed it to her. 

"Go ahead. It's not going to kill you even if it did taste like shit. Animals eat their feces all the time." 

She tentatively stuck her tongue out and touched it to the other side. Not detecting anything horrid, she licked a little more, eventually realizing it wasn't horrid.

"Put it in your mouth and suck it clean," I said.

"Does Rhonda do this?" Wendy asked.

"She learned like you did. If her ass has been cleansed, she'll suck Master's cock after it's been in her ass, or my ass if it's been cleansed."

She finally stuck it in her mouth and sucked it. "Pretty much tastes like glass."

"Pretty much."

"So how long can I consider my ass cleansed?" Wendy asked.

"Until Master fucks it after supper," I said, smiling.

"What happens if your asshole hasn't been cleansed?"

"You have to clean up a different way, usually with warm, wet, washcloths."

"Why don't you cleanse yourself every day, keep all that build-up out of your bottom."

"There are beneficial enzymes and bacteria which aid in the digestive process. Cleansing yourself every day would kill the helpful bacteria and wash away all the enzymes. We try not to do it more than once weekly and only when we know our asses will be fucked. You know your ass is going to be fucked tonight, so why not prepare. Plus, you saw how long it took. I don't have an hour a day to waste. Now, take a quick shower, then come to dinner. After Master has introduced you to anal sex, we'll have a treat for you."

I left her to take her shower and joined the others preparing dinner. In ten minutes she joined us smelling like shower gel, light and floral scented.

I got Master and he came in, bringing Lucas, who was nodding off. I double checked his diaper and put him down to sleep. When I returned, I saw Wendy was sitting on Master's lap. I put my own slave on mine, kissing her. Master wasn't feeding Wendy, merely talking to her as she fed herself.

"Do you still feel comfortable with what happened on Monday?" He asked.

"Yes. I enjoyed it and wouldn't mind doing it some more."

"And are you still certain about what you want to do tonight?"

"Very certain."

"Good. I want to go slowly, just as we did then. There's no hurry and you should be comfortable with what's going on. If it's all right with you, I'm going to kiss you, and caress you, to help prepare you for sex, later. I want your engine revving and you feeling like there's nothing you want more than to be fucked. Is that all right with you?"
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"Yes," she said shyly.

Master kissed her, softly exploring her lips then stopping to take a bite of his food and allow her to eat. He would occasionally pause during supper, running his hand up between her thighs, or palming a plump breast, kissing her neck or ear lobe, but staying just this side of sex. 

I was not being so polite to Rhonda. A couple times she moaned, clinging to me as she surrendered in orgasm to my thrusting fingers. I fed her, fed myself, and played to my hearts content. I could see Wendy was aroused by what I was doing to her sister. 

Wendy wasn't allowed to cum, but Master kept her on the edge of arousal throughout supper. He continued to stroke, kiss, caress, nibble, and lick tiny parts of her as we cleaned up afterward. Wendy was panting by the time the kitchen was tidy. Liquid honey was clinging to the lips of her labia. Rhonda and Master each took a hand and led her to the bedroom. 

"We can do this a number of different ways, Wendy, and I'd like to discuss them with you," Master said. "I could have regular intercourse with you through your first orgasm, then move from your pussy to your ass. We can skip regular sex, just use lubricant and go directly to anal sex. We could also do something similar to how we ended up on Monday. Allow you and one of the slaves to start with some mutual oral sex, and at some time after you're really aroused, lubing your bottom and penetrating it while you continue with the oral. Do you have a preference?"

"I really liked what we did last week. It seemed like a great mix of boy/girl activity. I'd like to to that again if I may."

"Which slave would you like to do this with?" Master asked.

I expected Wendy to say Rhonda, the only person she'd had lesbian sex with, but she surprised me by saying, "Julia."

I smiled at her. "I'd love to be the one to help introduce you to anal sex, Wendy. Thank you for choosing me. I'll get on the bottom, so Master has easier access to your bottom when it's time."

Wendy nodded shyly and I got on the bed, on my back, with my head towards the foot. Wendy carefully lowered herself over me until her moist cunt was in my face. She'd been primed at the dinner table and all I had to do was yank the cord and she'd buzz like a bee. I inhaled the scent of a young, fresh, recently washed cunt and lapped upward from her clit towards her ass. She climaxed immediately, wound up tight. I kept up the stimulus on her clit and she climaxed once more before I felt her own tongue caress my humid flesh. It didn't take long for me either. Despite her inexperience, I was so keyed up from my day beginning at Jerry's, Master's nice fucking, my play with Rhonda and the sight of the young woman over me preparing for her first experience with anal, had me whipped into a lather. When I climaxed, my back arched underneath her, my hips thrusting my sex towards her eager mouth. 

We both had another climax before Master spread her legs a little farther apart. I expected him to use some lube to ease his entry, but he wasn't yet ready for penetration. He was merely spreading her bottom to allow his face between her cheeks. When his tongue rasped across her star, she jumped like she'd been hit with 110 volts of electric current, quickly settling as each of us lapped at her two holes, moaning desperately from the pleasure. 

Between us, she had two more orgasms before Master quit pleasuring her bottom and he dribbled some lube in her crease. Rhonda was rubbing some onto his cock to make his entry easier. I suddenly remembered how she squirted when Master had penetrated her ass last week. I was ready to call a halt, when I realized how ready Wendy was at this moment. Fuck, I'd been squirted on before and I could always wash the sheets again. I just renewed my assault on her cunt. I saw Master's prick poised at Wendy's back door between her legs. I closed my eyes just in case. 

I felt her squirm and whimper when his cock went in. She didn't stop it, though. She was ready. She grunted a little more and I realized Master was pushing in deeper. She still hadn't squirted, so I took a chance and opened my eyes. Inch by inch, his prick penetrated her sexy young ass, slowly disappearing into the darkness. He reached the point where I couldn't see any more of his cock, just his groin pushed up against her ass cheeks. 

"I'm going to stop here for a minute, Wendy, so you can get used to me being inside of you. I won't move until you tell me to."

"Yes, thank you," she panted, full and extremely aroused. 

"How does it feel?" Rhonda asked.

"So full. It was uncomfortable when he went inside me, but it feels pretty good now. It's a good thing I used the plugs first. It didn't really hurt at all."

"That's why we use them," Rhonda said.

Of course, I hadn't stopped my licking just because she had a big prick in her ass. I continued to tease her folds, her magic button, and anything else I was capable of reaching, including Master's balls. Wendy had another orgasm, fresh fluids gracing my tongue. 

"I'm ready," Wendy said. "You can fuck me now."

Master started to move inside of her, a slow withdrawal, to the edge of his crown, then an equally slow thrust, pushing deep inside her.

"Oh, fuck!" She groaned. "That feels way better than I ever thought it could."

Wendy climaxed again, shivering and fluttering on my tongue, still essentially a clitoral orgasm as I was doing most of the work.

"You can go faster," Wendy panted. "It doesn't hurt at all."

Master sped up, half speed, still giving her time to protest if he started hurting her. 

"Oh, God, I'm cumming again," she whimpered. "Faster."

Three quarter speed, my tongue dancing on her clit.

"It feels like I'm under a mountain, ready to fall," Wendy said, "and crush me into a million pieces. Why didn't anyone tell me sex was this great? Go faster."

Master doing full blown stroking, every thrust using all of his cock, in, out, back, forth.

Wendy screamed, "Aauugghhh, Jesus. I'm still cumming."

Her body started shaking and I closed my eyes again, just in case, clinging to her hips as I plastered my mouth against her pussy. As I'd suspected, my mouth was flooded with warm liquid, more voluminous than male sperm and I was swallowing like a mad woman to keep up. It wasn't possible. Some was leaking around the seal I had on her pussy and running into my face, down my chin and neck and onto the sheets. I kept gulping it down, hoping I wouldn't drown.

Master was still fucking her, though he sounded like he was reaching his terminus, grunting as he pounded into her tight ass. Hopefully the flood would end as soon as he stopped. I kept swallowing until I felt him go rigid, pumping his seed deep into her bottom.

As I hoped, the flood ebbed and slowed to a trickle.

There was dead silence in the room except for the sounds of people panting, trying to get enough air. 

Wendy asked, "Did I squirt again?"

"Oh, yes," I mumbled. "You squirt a lot."

"I'm so sorry."

Master was pulling out of Wendy's ass, leaving it bare. I patted her ass.

"Don't worry about it too much. I was prepared for it this time. I was just afraid I might drown before it stopped. Thankfully, Master quit fucking you and that seemed to turn off the spigot."

Rhonda was laughing. "I'm sorry, Domina. I sympathize having gotten a face full on Monday. I forgot she was a squirter. We might have chosen a different way to do this."

"Yes, well it does seem to be tied to anal penetration. I remembered right before Master put his prick in her. I just closed my eyes and hoped for the best."

"What's it taste like?" Wendy asked, curious.

"Like a glass full of girl cum. It's not the taste; it's the amount. Nothing really prepares you for how much there is."

"I'll help change the bed," Wendy said. "That's twice I've messed up your sheets." 

"Well I did manage to swallow most of it, so it's not as bad as last week, but I suggest we wait until after your treat before we change them, just in case."

"What treat?" Wendy asked.

"Your first double penetration," I said, "a strapless dildo in your cunt and Master's cock in your ass. At least no one will be lapping at your cunt if you squirt again. In order to enjoy your treat, you have to suck Master back to an erection. I'll lick his cum from your ass while you prepare him."

"Are you sure she's ready for that?" Master asked.

"She took her ass fucking like a champ and no one's been in her pussy today. I'm sure she'll do fine."

"Yes, please, Mr. Rivers. I want to try it. I saw Evelyn getting fucked like that and she was having a hell of a good time."

Master laughed and lay down on the bed. Wendy remembered where his cock had been, but recalled licking and sucking the butt plug. She barely hesitated before she started sucking the cum from his cock, trying to give him another erection. Master had cum often today, but only the one time now since lunch. He should be able to get hard again, even with a neophyte sucking his cock. 

While Wendy knelt over Master to clean him, I lapped at her back door to gather the cum leaking out. She practically purred as I licked her pucker. When nothing but saliva glistened on her bum, I stopped. Master was halfway there already.

I got one of the vibrators, then reconsidered and got both of them. 

"I suggest Rhonda or Lisa for the bottom this time, and we put a towel under them, just in case. I'll fuck whoever's left."

My suggestion was taken. We took a beach towel and placed it over the wet spot and Lisa inserted the strapless in herself and climbed onto the bed centered on the towel. Master was now erect and would be able to fuck Wendy again. Wendy released his cock and climbed on board the strapless, settling over the dildo. I don't know if she knew it vibrated yet, but she would definitely enjoy it when it went off. We usually didn't turn it on until the person was penetrated by both. 

Knowing Wendy was now full with the strapless, Master went as slowly this time as he had for her anal virginity.

"I'm so full," she moaned, "so full, so full."

"Do you want me to stop?" Master asked.

"No, no, no," she whimpered, "so fucking full."

Master continued his entry into her ass until he was bottomed out, so's to speak. She continued to whimper, occasionally shivering as a tremor passed through her body. Her nipples were spikes. I sucked on one. "So good, so good," she moaned. I nodded to Lisa and she turned the strapless on. Wendy orgasmed, screaming, a wordless scream of pure joy and pleasure.

Speechless, she spasmed over and over, deep whimpers issuing from her throat. I kissed her mouth and she clung to me like I was giving life saving mouth to mouth. I broke the kiss and put on the other strapless. Rhonda lay down beside her and I entered her with a quick thrust, Rhonda was as aroused as I was. I turned on my vibrator, and all four of us women were soon climaxing, infusing the room with the smell of cunt in heat. 

Ten minutes later, Master finally gasped, surrendering his load of cum into Wendy's teenage booty. The nice thing about having anal sex was not having to use a condom. Wendy lay as if exhausted, draped over Lisa, who finally turned off the vibrator. Lisa ran her hands up and down over Wendy's back, soothing her through the occasional mini quakes which shook her body. Since she was exhausted, I cleaned Master's cock. When he was clean, I lapped the cum leaking from her slightly gapped bottom. She wriggled slightly as my tongue dipped between her cheeks, purring.

"Mmmm. No wonder Evelyn ate this shit up," Wendy murmured, her head pillowed on a soft female breast. "It's hard to believe this stuff is even legal."

We all laughed at her youthful exhilaration, almost like she'd somehow invented sex.

"Can you stay tonight or do you need to go home?" Rhonda asked.

"I can spend the night. I don't have work again until four PM." 

"Since your ass just got fucked twice, and it was your first time, it may be sore. I'm going to suggest you climb into the hot tub and soak for awhile. It will feel much better if you do," Rhonda said, "trust me."

Wendy lifted her head from its soft cushion. "Yeah, I guess it is a wee bit sore. Mr. Rivers is no midget in the cock department."

"No he's not," I said. "He has a wonderful cock. Like Goldilocks said, 'Not too big, not too small, it's just right'."

"Is there any way I might be able to fuck Mr. Rivers again before I leave tomorrow?" Wendy asked, rolling off Lisa and the dildo which had still been penetrating her youthful pussy.

"I won't say yea or nay," Master replied. "I'm going to be gone for a week and I feel I should spend some time with my women before I go. We'll see if you can be squeezed in."

Wendy kissed Master. "I don't know if I could have had a better teacher showing me about sex than you. All of you really. It's been like Christmas, only better."

"Why don't you get in the hot tub as your sister suggested," I said, "and I'll bring you a drink. Would you like juice, water or soda?"

"Can I have a glass of wine?" Wendy said, pleadingly. "I almost feel like I should be lighting up a cigarette and smoking, but I'd prefer a glass of wine."

I looked at Rhonda and she nodded. "One glass then, no more. White or red?"

"What do I know about wine. Bring me what you'd drink if you just got fucked to exhaustion."

I laughed. "Lighter and sweeter or heavier and more tart?"

"Sweeter, I guess."

"A glass of white Zinfandel, then."

Rhonda and Wendy went outside to the tub, I kissed the other two. "If you can get it up again, Master, why don't you fuck Lisa again tonight."

"I'm not sure it makes much difference at this point," Lisa said, removing the strapless, thick with cum on both ends. "It takes time for the hormones of my birth control pills to work their way out of my system and my fertility to reestablish itself. Master might be flogging a dead horse until my cycle normalizes."

"Are you turning down a fucking?" I asked.

"No. I'm just saying I might be no more likely to get pregnant than you are."

"Still, I have no problem with him trying as often as he can. I love you and wish to see the child you and Master make together." I kissed her again, a lovers kiss which she returned.

"You keep that up, perhaps I can fuck you both," Master growled, reaching for me.

"I won't hold you to that, Master," I said, dancing away from him. "But will enjoy it should it be true. Now, I must serve wine to our guest and ensure she's doing okay."

"I could order you to stay," he said.

"But you won't, sir. Not yet. You might if little Scottie were ready to play, but he's still resting."

He laughed. "Fine. You win. Off with you. We'll join you shortly, as soon as we've changed the sheets and put the toys away."

"Yes, sir. I'll have glasses of wine waiting for you both."

I opened a bottle of wine and poured five glasses, emptying the bottle, bringing them out to the hot tub. Wendy and Rhonda were relaxed, leaning back. I set the tray down, gave two to them, and took one for myself, joining them.

"I have a question," Wendy said.

"You've had nothing but questions since I met you. What's this one?"

"You said one of the purposes of a butt plug was to prepare you for anal sex. What are some of the other uses?"

"Well, suppose you didn't have a two men or two women with strap-ons or a man and a woman to provide a double penetration, but you really wanted one. You could give yourself a poor imitation of one by putting the butt plug in and letting just one person fuck you in the cunt, or do nearly the same by using a plug and vibrator and masturbate using both. It's not quite as enjoyable, but it's a reasonable facsimile."

"I didn't even think of using a vibrator on myself while I was wearing one. I did stroke out a couple orgasms though."

Rhonda and I laughed. 

"I should get a set for myself."

"I will gift you the set you used," I said. 

"But only if you promise not to reveal where you got them if our parents discover you have them," Rhonda said. "I have enough problems with them already. If they believed I was 'corrupting' you the way I'm 'corrupt', they'd never speak to me again."

"Perhaps you shouldn't worry about what they think anymore, Rhonda. What your Mistress told you at the bonding ceremony is true. You're the bravest, most courageous woman I know. I look up to you in so many ways. You're loving and kind and even though you weren't wild about showing your kid sister about sex, you did so to protect me from doing something stupid and gave me the best possible experience. I'm sorry I threatened you with going to a BDSM club to find out about sex and submission. It would have been a crazy, reckless thing to do and I realize it now. 

"As sore as my bottom is, I can't imagine how much worse it would be if you hadn't prepared me beforehand and taken such care in providing the best possible experience for me. I realize you are right and I'm not ready to learn about submission. It's more than just sex and I'm too inexperienced about sex to even know what I don't know. I'm going to take your advice and just get a boyfriend or girlfriend."

Rhonda hugged her. "Thank you. I was worried you'd do something rash."

"It was a stupid thing to say, and I'm glad you wouldn't let me do it."

"Do you have a preference," Rhonda asked, "boy or girl?"

"I liked both. Can't I have both a boyfriend and a girlfriend?"

"I like both too," I laughed. "I have both. Just realize there will always be some people who don't accept your desire to be with both. Some people who don't think you should be with women like your parents, some militant lesbians who don't think you should be with men. They'll believe you can't make up your mind and can't accept your lesbian nature. Rhonda has told me it was hard being a lesbian, and she would wish your road was easier. It's hard enough being black, let alone decide you're a bisexual. It will be harder for you to choose this life, so you need to be prepared."

"At least I won't be doing it alone, like Rhonda did. I'll have all of you to support me when things are tough."

Lisa and Master came outside and hearing the last bit of the conversation, Lisa asked, "When what gets tough?"

"Putting up with peoples prejudices by deciding I'm going to date both boys and girls," Wendy said. "I really like both and don't feel I should have to choose one or the other."

"No, you shouldn't have to," Lisa said, grabbing a glass of wine and climbing into the tub with us. She kissed each of us.

"Oh no, wait, I was going to help you change the bed. I'll go in now and take care of it if you tell me where to get clean ones," Wendy said. "I should clean up after myself."

"Too late now," Master said, climbing in behind Lisa. His cock looked a little more interested in naked women than it did before. "It's taken care of. We'll give you a pass this time, but don't expect to get off so easy next time. Slaves who don't clean up after themselves get punished."

"I'm not a slave. I'm not ready to be a slave. I know I'm not," Wendy said.

"Doesn't mean you can't be punished, "Master said, smiling. "If you're going to hang around here, you need to help out. If you don't, you'll be subject to punishment.

"Punished how?"

"Even naughty children get spanked," Master said, "not just slaves."

"You wouldn't dare?" Wendy said.

"Wouldn't I?"

Wendy grinned and splashed water on him. Master moved so fast it was hard to follow. There was a lot of thrashing and splashing and limbs flailing and Wendy was suddenly over his knee getting smacked on her ass twice, hard, then he stopped. Wendy pulled her face out of the tub, water dripping from her hair and chin.

"Whew. Maybe I need to misbehave more often."

We all laughed.

--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
******

SCOTT

Wendy was astonished when I said I'd spank her if she didn't help out around here since she was spending so much time with us. Then she got this goofy grin on her face and splashed water on me as if daring me to do anything about it. Before she knew it, I had her bent over my lap, her face under the water and walloped her bottom a couple times. She pulled her face out of the bubbles, sputtering and water dripping down.

Instead of being angry, she said, "Whew. Maybe I need to misbehave more often," bringing a round of laughter. Since I had her over my lap with her lovely ass staring up at me, I had to fondle it. Knowing her bottom was likely still sore, I stayed away from the pucker, but was pretty much stroking everything else I could reach. I ran my hand up her inner thighs and her legs parted, inviting my touch. I didn't turn down the invitation.

I turned her over so she was facing me and set her on my lap as I had at supper and Frenched her while my fingers stroked the soft flesh buried in her kinky curls, smothering the moans emanating from her throat. I lazily played with her pussy until she gasped and orgasmed, grinding herself against my hand.

As her climax ebbed, I released her, panting, to take a seat again.

"Be careful," Wendy said. "I lost my glass of wine. It should be in the tub somewhere."

We felt around and found it, pulling it out. 

"Can I have some more?" Wendy asked.

"The bottle is empty," Julia said.

"You can have the rest of mine," Rhonda said, handing Wendy her glass. "I don't drink much anyway."

Wendy looked over the glass at me. "You've actually given me very little reason not to misbehave."

"Two swats is hardly what you'd get next time," I said.

"Would I get the orgasm afterward?" She asked, coyly.

"It's not a guarantee."

"That's a pity. It might be worth it."

Actually, slaves quite often received orgasms after being punished, but as she said, she wasn't a slave. She had left me hard, however, but I should share that with one of my slaves. I sat on the edge of the tub and put Julia over my cock. She started riding me, cumming several times before I did. Rhonda cleaned her up afterward while Lisa cleaned me. We both went into the water afterward. 

"If I might ask a favor," Wendy asked, "I'd like Rhonda to spend the night with me tonight."

"I'll permit her to stay with you tonight," Julia said. "In return, if the baby wakes up, you'll help Rhonda feed it and change his diaper. Master is right. We don't mind you spending time with us, but if you do, you should help out. That includes meals and clean up or any housework which needs doing, including laundering the sheets you soiled tonight."

"Agreed. I'll do my share of the work when I visit." 

"Then you're welcome to visit whenever you need to," I said. 

We stayed in the tub another half hour, then went to bed. I was able to fuck Lisa once more before falling asleep, dead ass tired.

******

Both Julia and Lisa woke me up the next morning, sucking my cock. I fucked them both, finally climaxing in Lisa. She was probably right; she might not get pregnant for a month or two, but there wasn't any reason not to try. Julia was perfectly willing to share the fucking and give Lisa the cum.

When we finally got up, Rhonda was preparing brunch while Wendy fed Lucas. I fed Julia while we ate. Later in the afternoon, I started packing what I'd need for a week in LA. Julia was helping.

"Should I arrange for you to have more cock while I'm gone this week?"

"You don't have to pimp us out," Julia said. "We don't require cock every day, Master. It's nice you've relaxed the rules and I shall enjoy the results, but we have our sister slaves for pleasure. If we become totally desperate, we have toys, possibly even Sean, as long as Shasta is willing to share. Your parents like visiting Lucas. Chen lives next door. We're not helpless. We're responsible, successful, capable businesswomen. If the situation should arise where we're offered a cock, we'll get your permission like the obedient slaves we are and you can decide then. It's still your decision, but it doesn't need to be pre-ordained."

I kissed her, feeling her mold against me, grinding against me.

"God, I love you."

"I love you too, sir. We don't expect you to live like a monk while you're gone either. You have your choice of some very delicious slave meat."

"I hate having sex while the rest of my men have to do without."

"You arrange for them to see their families twice a month and I'm sure the single ones are out partying anyway. Your crew knew what they volunteered for. They're doing well for themselves with all the extra overtime they get. If they don't get laid as often, it's a trade. I know you have to repay Brianna with us every time you borrow one of hers, but we've never minded being payment for your pleasure. You don't require someone every night any more than we do, but don't starve yourself of affection for us or your crew."

I kissed her again. 

Wendy left at one, bearing a set of butt plugs from Julia as a gift. She kissed each of us before she left, thanking us for our help. I spent a couple hours in bed with all three of them before I had to go. I made sure I left a little of myself in all three of their cunts.

Halfway to LA, I got a text from Julia. I've arranged for a gift to be waiting at your motel tonight. Fuck her ragged, sir. 

I wondered who it was. Singular, not plural, so it couldn't be Cindy as Brianna never let us be tempted into an illegal act. Dawn or Zoe usually accompanied her. It probably meant just Dawn or Zoe, the ones who were usually interested in fucking me. Jerry and I kept the same motel room since one of us was there every week. It made it simple, we didn't even have to check in and out and could keep our room keys. 

When I got to the room, the door was slightly ajar. Maid service? I knocked and opened the door cautiously. There was a body in the bed, covered, only a hint of hair showing. Hopefully, not dead.

"Hello, Scott," a voice said from under the sheets. "You might want to close the door."

Fuck me running! Marcia!

I closed the door, hearing it lock. She pulled back the sheet, showing sheets were all she was wearing. 

"Marcia," I said. "I've got to say this is an extremely, and I mean, extremely, unexpected surprise."

"Yes, for me too. I don't know what your slaves promised my Master, but he told me I was yours for the night. I'm leaving for work from here tomorrow morning. You might want to get comfortable."

"Is this something you want?" I asked. I still didn't remove my clothes, afraid she'd disappear in a puff of smoke if I took my eyes of her for an instant.

"Sam, Chantelle and I discussed what happened after last weekend. How we felt, what it meant. I've eased up about him having sex with other women over the last year, other than the baby factory. There was Cindy, then your slaves. It hasn't hurt me the way it might have in the past, before Chantelle. I know he loves me. He might love others as well, but he'll always love me. It's the same for me. I love him and I love Chantelle, too. Loving someone else hasn't lessened what I felt for him. 

"We'd been having sex with Bill and Evelyn more frequently as he's been staying here often. Sam's first wife made it hard for him to trust anyone, but we've been married for many years now and I've never given him a reason to distrust me. When you ensured I wasn't fucked by a bunch of strangers last Saturday even though you could have, he's grown to trust you almost as much as he trusts Bill, or even me. He knows I'm never going to leave him and I'll always love him. I won't say it would happen often or even ever again, without him being there, but he's okay with my spending the night with you tonight. In answer to your question, yes, I would love for this to happen. I've had to masturbate twice in the thirty minutes I've been waiting for you, I'm so aroused. Look at how wet I am." 

She slid a finger through her slit and showed she was indeed one wet slave.

I finally started removing my clothes, realizing she wasn't going to disappear. My cock was aching, it was so hard. 

"I'm totally flabbergasted," I said. "Finding you here is like a fucking dream. I can't believe Julia arranged this for me."

"Take advantage. Neither one of us knows if it will ever happen again." 

I was undressed now, my cock a steel shaft aiming at the ceiling. She smiled.

"Do you mind if I take a picture and send it to her?" I asked.

"If you both promise to delete it after."

"Not a problem. Could you rub your cunt again?"

"Like this?"

Marcia pinched one of her nipples and pushed two fingers into her dripping sheath.

"God, yes." 

I snapped off one shot and one shot only and texted it to Julia along with an all caps THANK YOU and a warning to immediately delete the photo. I deleted mine and climbed into bed with her, taking her in my arms.

"Julia told me to fuck you ragged," I said, my hand sliding between her thighs.

"You'd better do as she asks. I'm sure you shouldn't disappoint a slave who arranges something like this for you."

I didn't disappoint her.

******

We were both groggy from lack of sleep the next morning. My cock felt black and blue. I took her to breakfast and we both drank a quart of coffee. I showed her my text app, the photo already gone. The only sign of the text was the thank you, the warning to delete and an equally big YOU'RE WELCOME, MASTER.

Since I had the app open, I also sent a thank you to Sam. He returned a smiley face and thumbs up emoji. I showed her his text.

"I'm glad he hasn't had second thoughts," Marcia said.

"He might if you're too sore to fuck him tonight."

"I'll never be that sore," she said, laughing. "Thanks for breakfast."

"I've never been a hit and run sort of guy." 

I kissed her before she left for work. What an amazing woman; and to think my slave had arranged it for me. 

I sent another text to Julia. 

What did you promise to arrange that?

Twenty-four hours with Lisa and I at some point in the future. Was it worth it?

I fucked her ragged. My cock quit working. I'd say it was worth it.

Smiley face. Huge grin smiley face. Insanely huge grin smiley face.

I was so fucking lucky; so glad I'd finally stopped clinging to my slaves as if I was fearful of losing them. I was never going to lose them.

******

On Wednesday night went I got back to the room from work, the door was ajar again. This time I didn't assume room service. I still assumed wrong.

"Marcia?" I asked, seeing the body on the bed.

"No, Monsieur. Are you disappointed?"

"Fuck no. What's going on?" 

I closed the door and locked it. Chantelle pulled back the covers and demonstrated her bed attire was no different than Marcia's.

"Monsieur gets two of your slaves for one day. You get both of his for one night each. Monsieur decided to split us up so you could enjoy two nights of pleasure, instead of one night with two. Marcia said you might not have survived two anyway. It also needed to be arranged with Mistress Brianna that another cook was available, so Marcia got to go first."

"Unbelievable."

A smile spread over her coffee with cream complexion. I think she'd just noticed the bulge in my pants. My God it's a good thing I'd had two days to recover from Marcia.

"Your slaves love you very much, Monsieur."

"Don't I know it."

"Won't you join me? It's cold in here without a body to share the bed with."

"I want to make sure this is okay with you first," I said. "I don't want you doing this if you don't want to."

"Monsieur, ever since Marcia told me of her night with you, I've been dying to fuck you myself. If my Monsieur has no objection to our amour, I will enjoy every moment."

I took off my clothes, sliding into bed with her. So did I; every fucking moment.

******

I took Chantelle to breakfast the next morning. It was the same place I'd taken Marcia and I thought the waitress believed I'd had two different hookers in my room this week. She gave me the evil eye since I had my wedding ring on my hand. One of them might have been a wife, but both of them, no. What she didn't realize is both of these women were far superior to any hooker I'd ever imagined. 

I took Chantelle's photo sitting across from me in the booth and sent another thank you to my slaves. 

You're both amazing.

We know.

I kissed her before she went home, right in front of the waitress, and no friendly peck on the cheek kiss either.

"Thank you for a marvelous night, Chantelle."

"De rien, Monsieur. You're welcome."

The waitress turned away in disgust. Might as well throw fuel on the fire. "I'll tell my wife how wonderful you were."

She laughed, knowing what I was doing. 

"You do that, Monsieur. I'm sure she's dying to hear."

I went to work a happy man. The next time my slaves were here to visit, I should bring all three of them to breakfast. The waitress might pop a gasket. She was clearly not up to Sharon's caliber as a person.

******

I received a phone call from Julia at around seven PM that night.

"Is everything okay?" I asked, concerned someone might be sick or injured.

"Everyone is fine, sir, but I have a question."

"What is it?"

"I was shopping for groceries tonight, Master, and a polite, middle aged gentleman about your father's age, finally commented on the noise from the bell you fastened to my piercing."

"Yes?"

"I explained I was your slave and it was how you wished to mark your property. He asked to see and I showed him briefly how I was pierced. He then asked if I would suck him off. I told him I would need your permission, sir."

"Is anyone else with you?"

"Rhonda is with me, sir."

"Good. I'd be concerned if you were alone, but Rhonda won't let anything happen to her Domina. If he's unmarried, and you can find a safe place to do it, go ahead. He can also fuck you if you want, your choice, but I don't want to be named in some alienation of affection lawsuit."

"He's not wearing a wedding ring, sir."

"Don't depend on that, ask. In fact, let Rhonda ask. She can probably tell if he's lying."

"Yes, sir. He said he has a van in the parking lot. It should be safe."

"Rhonda goes with you."

"Yes, sir. Do you wish photos, sir?"

I laughed. "Not necessary. Just tell me about it tomorrow when I get home."

"May I cum, sir?"

"No, you may not cum," I said.

A moment of silence, considering. "Sir?"

"I'm teasing. You can cum."

Julia laughed. "Thank you, Master."

Julia terminated the call. I was now letting her fuck some total stranger. As long as Rhonda was there to protect her, I didn't mind. She was such a good slave, always looking to take care of me.

******

I got home around ten PM. The traffic had been brutal; at least two accidents. Julia was kneeling naked by the door when I came in dragging my suitcase and briefcase.

"The others are waiting in bed, sir," she said when I asked about them. 

"Let me take a shower and let's join them," I said.

"I thought perhaps you might wish to know what happened with the gentleman last night first, Master."

"I'm sure that's the least interesting thing you have to tell me. Come on. I can't wait to see all of you."

I left the suitcase next to the laundry room, everything needing to be washed. I set the briefcase on the dining room table and went into the bedroom unbuttoning my shirt. I took it off and sat down to get my shoes and socks off and Julia was helping me with those, then she took my pants, removing items from the pocket. I was finally naked and felt hot and tired after the drive. I got into the shower and Julia got in with me.

"Is something wrong, slave? You're hovering around me like a butterfly." I turned on the water, adjusting the temperature.

"No, Master. It's just I fucked a stranger last night for the first time when you weren't there. Every other time I've been with someone new, you were present. This feels more monumental. I thought you'd wish to discuss it."

"Was Rhonda with you, making sure you were protected?"

"Yes, Master."

"Your safety was the most important consideration for me. If your safety wasn't compromised, the details can wait. There are far more important things to discuss, including how you ever got Sam to consider loaning me his slaves. I'm tired but I want to have sex with all of you. I want to hear everything else that's happened all week, the important things. An hour or so with a stranger is not that important to me. He took nothing away from me, not even a minute of my time with you. We will talk about it, I promise, because I want to know how you felt when it happened, but if you're worried about me or how I feel, don't."

She breathed a sigh of relief and I started soaping her down to show her I wasn't on edge about what happened. She kissed me, then put some gel on her hands and started washing me, paying attention to the appendage beginning to assert itself between my legs. In five minutes we were drying off. I brushed my teeth and went to bed with her. The other two were cuddled together. Were they all worried?

"Let's see," I said. "I want someone riding my cock, someone riding my mouth, two orgasms, then move. The one on my cock off, mouth slave to cock, and the last one to my mouth. We'll keep repeating until I'm ready to cum. I'll try to give you about fifteen seconds advance notice, so if Lisa isn't the one riding my cock when I need to orgasm, she can get on before I cum. Any questions?"

"No, sir," Lisa said. "I get your cock first." 

"I have dibs on his lips," Julia said.

"Fine," Rhonda said, "make me last. I don't care. It's a stinking cock for God's sake, not a nice cunt." She smiled as she said it.

I'd left the shower with an erection and brushing my teeth hadn't been enough for it to flag, so as soon as I got on my back, Lisa was able to mount me. Julia rode my mouth facing Lisa, while Rhonda played with both of their tits. Being randy slaves, it didn't take either of them long to cum twice and Rhonda's damp slit was next for the face, while Julia moved over my cock. 

I was able to hold out through almost two whole circuits. I was licking Lisa's liquid folds and Rhonda was moaning over my cock for her first orgasm of this phallus cycle, but I was never going to make it to two, let alone a switch. I pushed on Lisa's bottom hard enough to free my lips and said, "I'm going to cum."

Rhonda immediately moved and Lisa took her place. She started bouncing and I started thrusting and in ten seconds I arched up into her, unloading my sperm.

"God I needed that," I moaned. "It's been two whole days without sex."

Julia laughed. "Boo hoo, sir. I heard back from Marcia and Chantelle and both of them said you kept them up most of the night. It sounds like you suffered horribly."

"It was torture," I said, trying to maintain a straight face.

"Marcia said her lips were chapped and suffered from rug burn," Lisa said, "and not the ones you put Chapstick on either."

I broke up, unable to hold it in anymore. "A fucking fantasy come true. I can't thank you enough for arranging that."

"Master Sam did let you participate in a triple penetration of both his slaves," Julia said. "It seemed there might be a chink in the armor. All we had to do was exploit it."

"Considering Sam was willing to risk a bet of a train on Marcia against a weekend with us," Lisa added, "we thought there might be an outside chance at some kind of arrangement. It's not like his slaves didn't enjoy their fucking two weeks ago. If he was loosening the chains, now might be the time to strike. We just let it simmer for a week and threw it out there to see what would stick. We contacted them on Sunday morning. I thought they might need more time to decide, but if it happened any time during the week, we could live with it. I was shocked when they told us it could start on Sunday and Marcia would be waiting for you when you got there." 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"We had to call the motel and tell them a friend was stopping by to see you and to please let her in. Of course we had to pay the double occupancy charge for the night, but it was worth it," Julia said. 

"My beautiful, wonderful girls. I'm so lucky. So, how's everything going between Shasta and Sean?"

"At work on Monday, Shasta was really making Sean toe the line, sir," Lisa said. "She was riding him hard even though he was working harder than anyone. She didn't let him have a cum break with the rest of us, even though he had to pleasure Charlotte, but he took everything fine. Didn't say a word about squat. Just did what she said, not a peep of complaint. It got a little better as the week went on, but she was ragging his ass something awful."

"It was the first time in a week she didn't stay to get her cunt licked either," Julia said. "Goodbye and gone. Hasn't stayed any other night this week either, sir. Sean apologized today for not getting more of the web design done this week. He says he's only done about a quarter of the work. I think he's spending a lot more time working on Shasta than on our website. She said she'll make sure he works on it more this weekend."

"I finished the plans to the new bondage piece. It's in my briefcase and I'll give it to you tomorrow," I said. "I think I've got an idea for another one too. I might have time to work on it the next time I'm in LA. I have MOST of my evenings free."

"We wouldn't want our business to suffer because you're too busy, Master," Julia said, laughing.

"How come you didn't go to the poker game tonight, Lisa?" I asked.

"They had enough players, sir. Master Dan played again this week."

"Did he auction Mom off again?"

"No, Master. A new slave went on the auction block tonight," Lisa said.

"Who?"

"Reneé, sir," Lisa replied. "She told us Jerry was selling her before she left work."

"Reneé! You're joking?"

"No, sir," Julia replied. "I might have had something to do with that."

"How? Why? When?"

"When Jerry purchased me for the night, he asked me if I really enjoyed my Master sharing me? I told him I did and gave him all the reasons why. He asked Reneé if she wished she would be shared like I was. She said she would enjoy the occasional use by someone else if it pleased her Master to do so. He asked why, wasn't he good enough for her.

"That appears to be the crux of why we care about our lovers fucking other people. Because you want to fuck someone else, I must not be good enough for you. I must be insufficient or unworthy or ugly or bad in bed. I told him it's not a function of him not being good enough. It has nothing to do with it. She wouldn't be marrying him, having children with him, allowing him to spank her or buy other slaves like me if she didn't think he was good enough. 

"I reminded him of the first time he was with me and asked what it was like to know he was going to be fucking his bosses wife. He admitted he was excited doing so. I told him I was too. It was scary and wonderful and every time we saw each other after that, we would both know and remember he'd fucked me. It was better than fucking some girl he met in a bar, because that might be expected when you pick someone up, but this was not. This was more sinful, more taboo, that he was fucking me. It spiced up the sex with him but doesn't negate or degrade the sex I have with you. It's never been a question that I was disappointed in our sex life. It was just different.

"Just as he's enjoyed the variety of a number of women he's been allowed to fuck which Reneé has never raised a stink about, she would enjoy variety as well. That when he met her, she was serving as a slave at our Memorial Day party and he wasn't turned off by her fucking most of the people who attended. She was the same sexual creature now that she was then. She was still a needy slut slave; only he had changed because she was now submitting to him. He felt ownership of her.

"When you fuck other women, you're not making judgments about me being less of a woman than the person you're fucking, anymore than Reneé would make judgments about him. Having sex with other women is only you, wishing to explore the diversity of the universe of women. Jerry wouldn't be less of a man or lover to his slave because she enjoyed fucking someone else, any more than I am less to you because you also like to fuck Lisa, or Dawn, or Zoe. Nor is Lisa less to me because I like to fuck Rhonda or vice versa. Jerry was really listening and I believe he might have taken it to heart. I think he knows Reneé is as devoted to him as I am to you and the fact she might fuck someone else every so often, won't change her feelings or perception of him. It's not related, at least not in slaves such as ourselves. The only way it becomes a problem is if we fuck other people behind your back. Then we're being dishonest. In actuality, if I am your true slave, your submissive, I can never fuck anyone behind your back because I must have your permission to fuck anyone. As long as I remain true to my slavery, I remain true to you."

"Which is why you called me when you were propositioned in the store."

"Of course. It doesn't matter if I wanted to fuck him or not. Fucking only occurs when you say it does. If I forget that precept, I'm not your slave; I'm just a horny nymphomaniac. If you don't want me to fuck for a month, you're within your rights as my Master. I'm perfectly willing to suffer punishments for cumming when you prohibit it, because you expect I won't always be able to comply and it's part of the fun. Fucking someone else after you've forbidden it is an unpardonable sin. It's not fun and never will be. I'd expect you to tattoo 'whore' on my forehead if I ever did that to you, because that's what I'd be."

I kissed her, holding her close, stroking her body. I pulled Lisa and Rhonda into the same hug. I had to be an octopus to have enough arms for everywhere I wanted to put them. 

"It's amazing to me my heart is big enough to hold all the love I feel," I said. "It feels like it should need to be the size of this entire house."

Julia sighed and relaxed against me. I gradually fell asleep listening to their breathing.

******

JULIA

I'd been worried, needlessly apparently, wondering what Master would say to me when he got home. He said nothing, asked nothing, even when I offered to tell him. He said it wasn't important. We had a lovely set of fuckings after his shower and I was feeling much better when I fell asleep. 

He fucked us all again in the morning, though not quite the same way, again ending up in Lisa when he orgasmed. We had a late breakfast and went out to the pool after to exercise and unwind. We three women worked on yoga, then practiced a few self defense moves which didn't require us to hit the concrete. Master swam laps for half an hour, then stood by the edge of the pool watching us grapple. He seemed to like what he saw, because he fucked both Lisa and I once more, ending in her. Rhonda cleaned all three of when he finished. We got in the hot tub. 

He pulled me into his lap and asked me to tell him about the store and my adventure on Thursday night.

"Rhonda and I went to the grocery store while Lisa stayed home with Lucas. At some point, Rhonda told me she thought this fellow was following us. He went with us up and down two aisles and onto a third. He suddenly started drawing closer and Rhonda bowed up, preparing for trouble."

"'Excuse me,' he said apologetically, 'but I couldn't help but notice you make a ringing sound while you walk. At first I thought it was your cart making a strange sound or a phone, but it seemed to follow you instead of the cart. I find myself extremely curious about the source of the sound as I don't think I've ever heard anything like it except for a bell on a cat collar. May I please inquire what it is?'"

"Rhonda relaxed slightly as he was not threatening in the slightest, merely curious. I told him that I was a sex slave and the bell was something you used to mark me as your property. 'Should I call the police? Is this woman here to ensure you don't escape?' 'You misunderstand, sir,' I said. 'I am a voluntary sex slave who has willingly submitted myself to my husband as his sexual plaything. The other woman is herself another voluntary sex slave, but belonging to another.' I didn't tell him she belonged to me. I pointed out the collars on our neck and said they were another sign of his ownership. He leaned in closer to inspect the writing on them."

"'What do you mean when you say you're a sex slave?' He asked. 'It means my Master does not own me for anything other than sex, that he can do what he wants with me sexually and I have to submit.' He paused for a moment, considering my answer, then asked, 'Anything?' I told him anything within the bounds of my agreement with you which we'd agreed on beforehand. 'So, if he wants you to suck his cock or fuck your ass, you have to do it?' 'Anytime he wants,' I replied."

"'And this is okay with you?' He asked. "I am a willing sex slave,' I said. 'I adore sex in all its forms, including both men and women.' He looked at Rhonda speculatively, wondering if I'd had sex with her. 'Including her,' I informed him. 'Could I look at what's making the ringing?' He asked." 

"I looked to make sure we were the only ones in the aisle and Rhoda stood to block the security camera and I briefly lifted my skirt to show him my piercings and the bell. 'That's incredible,' he said. 'I'm going to need to go to my van in the parking lot and stroke one off, I'm so fucking aroused right now. Can I look at it closer?' I told him I couldn't show him in the store, it was too public. He got this desperate look on his face. 'Can you come out to my van? It has black out windows. I'd love for you to suck me.' I looked at Rhonda and she shrugged her shoulders, so I told him if my Master agreed, I might be able to grant his request."

"Which is when you called me?" I asked.

"Yes, Master."

"What did you take from the fact Rhonda shrugged her shoulders?"

"That he seemed relatively harmless and she wouldn't let anything happen to me."

"Is that what you meant, Rhonda?"

"Essentially, Master, plus it was her decision. I'm her slave."

"Then I gave you permission. What happened next?"

"I told him you'd given me permission, but only if he wasn't married. He said he was divorced. I asked Rhonda if he was lying. She said he thought he was being honest. I next told him I wasn't going to leave my groceries in the cart while we were out in his van, so I told him to wait at the front of the store until we'd finished our purchases, at which time we'd accompany him to his van. 'You're not joking are you? You're not going to duck out some side door while I stand like some stupid shit at the front of the store with a hard on?' 'I told you I'm a sex slave because I love sex and Master has granted his permission. He's been in LA since Sunday so I haven't had a cock since Sunday. I assure you, you'll get everything you desire if you wait.' He stared at us for maybe a half minute or so, then walked up to the front of the store to wait. 

"We rushed through the balance of our shopping and paid for everything. He followed us to our car while we put the groceries in the trunk and the cold items in the cooler, then we both followed him to his van, a sleeper model with dark windows as he said. He let us in. 'Is she going to participate, too?' pointing to Rhonda. 'She doesn't do cock. She's here to ensure you don't do anything to harm me, at which time she would hurt you badly.' He looked at Rhonda and she smiled sweetly at him and said, 'You'll regret being born if you hurt her.'"

I kissed Rhonda. "Good girl. Get the rules established right at the beginning."

"I told Rhonda to text Lisa and tell her we'd be late and why. She said she'd also text the plate on his van in case we didn't show up in a reasonable amount of time. While she did that, I sat on a stool he had and pulled up my skirt and told him to take a good look. He put his face right next to my cunt and looked for maybe four or five minutes. He said, 'You're wet.' 'I'm a sex slave. I'm always wet and I'm going to get fucked.' Realizing I wasn't joking, he touched me. I didn't say a word no matter where he stuck his fingers. Getting bolder he started licking me and I didn't say squat about that either, just moaning when he made me cum on his tongue and fingers."

"'I can't believe I'm doing this,' he said. 'This is incredible.' 'You can lick me all you want,' I replied, 'but I have to get back to my baby, so if you want to get pleasure as well as give it, we need to get started.' He stood up and pulled out his cock, hard as a nail. I leaned forward and started sucking, taking him to the back of my throat. 'Christ,' he gasped, 'this is a fucking dream.' He didn't last five minutes, Master. He gave it up and I swallowed every drop like a good slave. He never stopped moaning and groaning, like a ghost in a haunted mansion, thrusting his hips at me like I was a milking machine."

"I looked at my watch and told him I had maybe twenty more minutes before I needed to leave for home. If he wanted, I'd suck him back to an erection if he thought he could be done in twenty or so. 'More! I can have more?' 'About twenty minutes more. Do you want to fuck my cunt or not?' 'Please, yes.' I didn't have to suck long or hard before he had another erection. I got on my hands and knees in the van and he got behind me and started fucking. I had a couple orgasms and asked if he wanted to fuck my ass before his time ran out. He immediately pulled out of my cunt and went into my ass. He climaxed within five minutes of going into my bottom. Rhonda handed him some paper towels to clean up, while she licked the cum from my cunt and ass while he watched in stupefied amazement. Rhonda gave me another climax in cleaning me as I was still pretty jazzed from the whole situation. 

"When I was getting dressed after, suffering an awkward silence, Rhonda told him this was a one time thing, never to be repeated. He wasn't to hang around the grocery store waiting for us to show up, hoping for a repetition of today, approach us any other time he saw us, try to follow our car, try to look us up or do anything which would make him a nuisance to our family. 'This woman only fucked you because she had permission from her Master,' Rhonda said. 'She'll never get permission to fuck you again, so except for some pleasant memories and nice wet dreams, put her out of your head forever. I don't want to repeat myself in more forceful terms. Is that clear to you, or should I explain it again?' He said it was clear and he'd leave us alone."

"Good for you, Rhonda," I said. "I should have realized it might cause problems if the person became enamored of their opportunity, hoping to repeat it. We need to keep it in mind for the future. So, Julia, how did you like your walk on the wild side?"

"Well, it's not like he was a great fucker, Master, being pretty average on all accounts, but the fact he was a stranger I just met in the grocery store and I was fucking him within thirty minutes of meeting him for the first time, I was quite aroused. I was a little surprised you let me fuck him, though not as much as I would have been a month ago. You've always been there when I was fucking someone new."

"I was there to be sure nothing happened to you. Despite the fact you were fucking my friends, I couldn't know for sure how they'd behave. None of us had ever confronted the situation before. With Rhonda there to make sure nothing bad happens, I don't feel the need to be there is as important as it was before. She can probably protect you better than I can, despite our relative size and strength differences. I'm glad you enjoyed it, slave."

He kissed me and fondled me until I climaxed in his arms. Then he did the same to Rhonda, praising her for her care for me and ensuring I wasn't hurt. He was doing the same for Lisa on general principle when Rhonda got a text from Wendy, saying she had a date and wondered if we'd like to meet.

Master said sure and to ask her if we needed to be dressed to greet them. Rhonda texted her back and informed us when she got an answer that Wendy intended to strip when she got here, so we could do as we wanted. Rhonda told her we'd leave the door open and to come back to the patio when she got here. I was interested to see if it would be a man or woman she chose to date.

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 61|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-61|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<em>Wendy introduces her dates. Shasta asks Scott a favor. William Thornhill asks to join the Friday poker game. This chapter contains oral, anal, interracial, lesbian and includes pegging. All of the characters are over 18 and neither STD's nor COVID-19 make life miserable for the participants in this fantasy world.</em>

<strong>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 61 - Thornhill Plays Poker</strong>

JULIA

About two hours later, a nude Wendy stepped out onto the patio with a cheery hello, followed by a young black male who looked like an athlete, and a slim but busty white woman, both of them appearing to be Wendy's age. They both still had clothes on, unsure if this was something they were ready to do yet. Since she contacted us, we'd had to feed Lucas and he was sitting in his shaded playpen. After swimming laps some more, we'd all gotten in the hot tub again, so we weren't exactly visible ourselves.

"Hey, there. Everyone, I'd like you to meet Anthony, a boy I've known for awhile but never had the nerve to ask on a date, and the girl is Shannon. I work with her. Tony and Shannon, this is Rhonda, my beloved older sister, Mister Scott Rivers and his wife, Julia, and Lisa. I don't know, should I just call Lisa your lover, or is there a better word for it?"

"Lisa is our life partner," I said, "equal to us in our relationship in every way."

"Great, Lisa, the life partner. Rhonda is Julia's voluntary sex slave and both Lisa and Julia are Scott's."

Shannon and Anthony looked at one another, wondering if there wasn't a lot of crazy going on and if they needed to run for their lives. I laughed which seemed to remove a bit of their tension.

"I see you decided not to make a choice between a man or woman," Rhonda said.

"Nope. I wanted both. Shannon here likes to lick black cunt and suck black cock. I think she does it to piss off her parents, but I'm no shrink, so I'm just guessing. Anthony likes to watch Shannon and I make out and then join in when I'm ready. I like to fuck cocks and cunts, so it works out for me too. Anthony shows a lot of promise as a lover. I think he can be as good as you, Mr. Rivers, with a little practice." I noticed Anthony staring at Master, wondering what exactly Wendy meant by that. It could mean a lot of things in a lot of different ways. "He's still too wrapped up in the destination instead of the journey, if you know what I mean. Pump as hard as he can until he cums. He needs some lessons."

"What, from him?" Tony said, pointing to Master, getting defensive, being compared.

"No, not from him; from Shannon and I. If you paid attention, you'd notice we don't just rush to cum. We take our time and explore a little, extend our pleasure out a little. No wham, bam, thank you, ma'am. We both want to cum too, but we enjoy the time getting there."

Tony relaxed a little.

"Did you plan to have your date here?" Master asked.

"No, we're going out to eat, then a movie. I just wanted to introduce them."

"I don't know how your friends feel about it, but I'd be willing to feed you all pizza and buy a movie on the big screen if you'd like to save a little money," Master said.

"Let me chat them up a bit in private and see what they want to do," Wendy said.

They went a dozen feet away and conducted a whispered negotiation. It went back and forth a little and eventually they came back and Wendy said, "We'd appreciate the pizza and movie. It was pretty much going to tap us out for the rest of the week. Thanks."

"I remember how tight money was when I was dating," Master said, smiling, "and if I could find a cheap date, I was always eager to take advantage. Movies are ridiculously expensive. Dinner and movie for three has to be around a hundred bucks with tips."

"Thanks," Tony said. "We appreciate it."

"I'm guessing Wendy told you were mostly naked here and she's comfortable getting naked as well. If you'd like us to dress, we'd be happy to put on clothes. We don't want you to be uncomfortable."

"I'm actually hoping they'll get naked too," Wendy laughed. "Neither of them has a reason to be ashamed of their bodies, but I'll defer to their wishes. We can all dress up or all dress down. What do you want to do?"

Tony and Shannon had another whispered conversation, this time without Wendy, who's wishes were already known. Eventually Shannon said, "Can we leave it like it is for the time being, see how we feel about it later. Maybe we'll become more comfortable getting naked after we get used to it more?"

"You do whatever you wish to do," Master said. "It's your decision. You're our guests."

"Thanks."

"Pull up a chair so we can chat," Rhonda said. "I'd like to know more about you. I feel protective of my little sister."

Wendy got in the hot tub, being naked. Shannon and Anthony pulled chairs a little closer to the hot tub.

Rhonda asked, "How did you all meet and how did you decide to date one another?"

"Wendy and I were in high school together, so we knew each other, but not well," Tony started.

"I work at the same place as Wendy, and I knew Anthony through another friend," Shannon added.

"I knew Shannon is at least somewhat interested in girls and I finally get up the nerve to ask her about it and if she'd be interested in going on a date. We went out for coffee and I told her I believe I'm bisexual and would be interested in dating her and a guy, and asked if she was okay with the idea," Wendy added. "She's already sucking Tony's dick and wouldn't mind adding me to her dating schedule and asked if I'd be interested in Tony. She showed me his picture and I remembered him from school and said I'd love to meet him. The next night we got together and I said I was interested in fucking as well as sucking and wanted to eat girls pussies too. Could he get into it? He'd have to use a condom until I got on birth control, but if he wanted to fuck my ass he wouldn't need rubbers."

"We all kind of agreed we'd like to do this thing as a group," Shannon said.

"And here we are," Tony ended.

"I figure Tony could be the way to fool the parents into thinking I wasn't into girls," Wendy said. "I could cozy up to him when he came over and they'd kind of ignore the white chick who was always hanging around with us."

Rhonda laughed. "That might work. They might never realize you're already into threesomes."

"Wendy didn't really tell us much about you before we came over," Tony said, "except you'd be cool with us being a threesome and there was a lot of nudity. What does she mean when she's talking about sex slavery?"

"Stand up, Julia," Master said, and I stood up, exposing myself fully for the first time since they'd arrived. Displaying myself before new people, people we'd just met, Wendy's dates, feeling myself liquefy as Master displayed me before them.

"I'm what is considered to be a Dominant. Julia, Lisa and Rhonda are what are known as submissives. They've agreed to submit to me, or in Rhonda's case, Julia, as submissive sex slaves. They are available to me for sex whenever I want it. They must do what I say within the bounds of their agreement with me. As you can see, Julia wears a collar and cuffs on both her wrists and ankles, identifying me as her Master. She's agreed to piercings as I directed. She has them in her outer labia and her clitoral hood. She'll get some in her nipples when she's stopped breast feeding our son. In addition to the piercings, she has this badge or emblem hanging from her piercing identifying her as my sex slave. It includes a bell which rings or jingles as she walks. Her hood piercing has these little balls dangling from them. They're weighted so they put pressure on her clit keeping her constantly aroused and ready for sex as well as clicking and bouncing around as she moves."

"You knew about this, Wendy? You know your sister is a sex slave?" Shannon asked.

"Yes. I attended their bonding ceremony."

"Doesn't it creep you out?" She asked.

"No. I found the ceremony to be very moving and the love they share to be beautiful. I even thought for a short time I might want to be a submissive myself, but they convinced me I'm too young to make that decision now. They suggested at least three years of sexual experience before deciding it was something I really wanted to do."

I continued, "Lisa wears the same items, including the nipple piercings. Rhonda can't wear all of them due to her job, but she has similar piercings and badges some of which need to be removed before she goes to work. This is entirely voluntary on their part as they find themselves enjoying my control provided by their submission. It would be illegal if it were involuntary. You may sit down now, Julia." I sat down.

"You really like this?" Shannon asked me.

"With all my heart and soul," I said. "I've fantasized about strong men taking control of me, putting me in chains and controlling me for many years. I was fortunate to find my husband was willing to allow me this fantasy. Not only do I get the husband I love, but the Master I crave."

"So if you're a submissive," Anthony asked, "how come you have a sex slave yourself?"

"I'm submissive to dominant men and women and dominant to submissive women."

"Lisa is a submissive woman. Are you dominant to her?"

"No. She's submissive to Master, like me, not a female. We're like sister slaves to the same person."

"That is some really weird shit," Tony said.

"It's not for everyone," Lisa said, "but it works well for us."

"Are you guys hungry yet?" Master asked. "We ate a late breakfast and can eat whenever you want."

"Sure. I'm ready now," Wendy said. "I'm starving." The other two agreed with her.

Master took everyone's order. Shannon liked only pepperoni and olives, preferably green, Wendy said she'd eat anything but anchovies or mushrooms. Tony said he didn't like pineapple on his pizza, but anything else was okay. We ate pretty much anything, so Master ordered five large pizzas which met the various criteria to be delivered. I wondered if I'd be tipping the driver or if Master would avoid doing something so gauche in front of the three young people. We got up after about fifteen minutes, dried off and went into the house, Rhonda carrying Lucas and me carrying the rest of his stuff.

Since they'd said they'd like to see how things went, we remained how we were, naked and adorned. Master handed the remote to the three daters and asked them to pick out whatever they wanted to watch. They found the first run movies and went through the list, debating the various choices. Anthony voted for an action flick like the new Wonder Woman movie or James Bond, but got outvoted by the girls who wanted a romance. They voted for 'Endings, Beginnings'.

"Come on, man," He pleaded with Master. "Surely you get a vote in this too. You don't want some sissy chick flick, do you?"

"If I get a vote, I'd have to let my slaves vote too. I'm not sure we wouldn't get the same movie, plus it's your date. If you'd gone to the theater, you'd be facing the same choice, except without us. If it were up to me, I might be voting for an old classic like 'Casablanca'. I might make a suggestion though that's not a recent movie which you might not have seen called 'Love and Other Drugs' with Anne Hathaway and Jake Gyllenhaal. It's both a romantic comedy and features some great sex scenes and nudity by Anne. Perhaps something for everyone, but I leave it to you."

"I haven't seen it," Wendy said. "I'm willing to consider it."

"I haven't either," Shannon said. "I'll go for either that one or Endings. Take your pick of those two, Tony."

"Fine, Love and Other Drugs," Tony said, "but I'm curious, you see naked females every day, why would you care whether any nudity was in a movie?"

"Because all women are beautiful in their own way and unique. Not to mention variety is enjoyable. The women see each other every day but can still have their head turned by another beautiful woman. Seeing a different one is arousing. One can imagine themselves making love to that woman."

"Do you imagine having sex with other naked women?" Anthony asked us, the women of the group.

"I always imagine myself with women," Rhonda said. "I never imagine myself with men, and yes, I love to look at different women, although women generally, are not as visually oriented as men. We enjoy porn less and erotic literature more, allowing our imaginations do the heavy lifting."

"I had sex with two of the most beautiful women I've ever met," I said. "They were as beautiful as any Hollywood Actress you've ever seen. I arranged for Master to have sex with them also and it was even pleasurable to imagine them having sex with Master, to see their bodies react to the pleasure he provided, imagine their faces as they climaxed as they had sex. I would have enjoyed watching, but my imagination is good."

"You arranged for your husband to have sex with other women?" Tony asked.

"Yes. As his sex slave, I feel compelled to provide for his pleasure however I can. He was gone for a week without us so I arranged for him to have company while he was gone."

"I told you they were cool," Wendy said. "No jealousy, comfortable with both men and women. I hope we can do as well as they do."

"I'll put the movie on as soon as the pizza is delivered," Master said. "It should be here any minute."

It was. Three minutes later, the doorbell rang. Master gave me a twenty and told me it was the only tip I need provide. I smiled and went to the door just the way I was. It was a girl this time, a real cute girl, almost elfin in appearance. The kind of girl I wouldn't mind nibbling on, and she was surprised to see a nude women at the door. She stammered a bit announcing our pizza, when I opened the door. Her eyes went down, did a double take upon seeing my slave jewelry, lingered a moment and reluctantly returned to my face. I wondered if it was strictly the jewelry or if she liked girls. I had her set the pizza on the table beside the door and gave her the twenty.

"No change, it's all yours," I said. "Thank you."

"Th-thanks," she stammered again.

"Have a nice evening." I closed the door, watching her eyes give me another once over before the door shut.

"Maybe we should order pizza again sometime, Master. She seemed interested. Her name is Becky," I said as I brought the pizzas into the living room.

"I'll make a note," Master said.

"You answered the door like that?" Shannon asked.

"I usually do when someone else is home in case that someone would be unruly. Not when I'm home alone though. Here's the pizza. We have Coke, Diet Coke, Ginger Ale and Sprite. What would you guys like to drink?"

"Can I have a beer," Tony asked.

"Are you over 21?" Rhonda asked.

"Yes."

"Don't lie, Tony," Wendy said. "He'll be 21 in four months. Shannon is also 20."

"You may have one beer, Anthony, as I consider myself a responsible adult," Rhonda said. "But it's soft drinks for the rest of the night. Shannon?"

"Wendy said she had a glass of wine here. Could I get one glass of wine instead?"

"Yes, and a glass of wine for you, Wendy?"

"Please."

"Master?" I asked.

"Coke for me."

"Ginger Ale for me," Lisa said.

Rhonda and I got drinks for everyone, plus paper plates and napkins for the pizza. She and I got Diet Cokes, white Zinfandel for Wendy and her date, a Dos Equis for Tony and Master's Coke and Lisa's Ginger Ale. When we returned to the living room, the furniture had been rearranged for seven people to watch the TV. The two big easy chairs which usually faced the couch had been pulled over beside the couch to face the TV. Master had left the couch for the guests and he and Lisa were in one of the big chairs, leaving the other one for Rhonda and I.

The movie was queued up and as soon as everyone had a couple slices and their drinks, Master started the movie. Rhonda got into my lap. I fed her and myself. Master was feeding Lisa. The movie was funny and enjoyable and Jake and Anne were gorgeous and enjoyable in the main roles. It took place just as Viagra was being released to the general public and a lot of the characters were enthused by the effects of the drug on their sex lives. There was one scene where Anne came into the apartment in a coat and nothing else, pulling it open, thinking she was stripping for Jake. It was his brother instead and she was scrambling to cover up. Unlike me, who no longer bothered covering up even when the pizza delivery driver was at the door.

Shannon and Tony were seated on either side of Wendy and Wendy would occasionally lean to one side or the other and kiss one of her dates, one hand in either of their laps, though they still had clothes on, jeans. The slaves were not clothed and we were more blatantly caressing them than Wendy her dates. Master's cock was hard, but he wasn't blatant when he needed to relieve himself. He just moved Lisa over until she sank over his cock while he continued to caress the front of her body. I was doing much the same to Rhonda, though without the cock.

I knew they saw what we were doing; it wasn't that dark. I could see Tony getting uncomfortable within his jeans, Wendy's hands, the movie, and the sideshow having an effect.

"It's awfully warm in here," Tony said.

"We keep it warmer due to the nudity," I said. He was probably warm for another reason. "It also saves on the AC bill."

"I'm going to take off my clothes if that's okay," he said.

"Whatever you wish," Master said, Lisa moving surreptitiously on his lap.

"Thanks." He stood up and took off his jeans and t-shirt, leaving on his jockeys. He appeared to be the same size as Master, though he was still covered by his underwear. The bulge was quite pronounced, ballooning the front. He sat back down and Wendy's hand could now slip under the waistband and directly caress his cock.

Shannon saw her hand moving in Tony's briefs and she suddenly took off her top and jeans, sitting back down in a lacy bra and panty set, worn to be seen by a date. Wendy's other hand slipped beneath the elastic to caress the cunt on the other side. I became a lot more intimate with Rhonda, turning her slightly so I could kiss her and reach between her legs for the slick folds I loved to touch. I think everyone but Wendy and I climaxed at the same time, their embarrassed moans throttled as much as possible. I'd captured Rhonda's with my mouth, though her hips still thrust against my hand, making it clear to anyone who looked she was cumming.

A big wet spot was on the front of Tony's shorts and Shannon's panties. Wendy pulled her hands out and licked both sets of fingers clean, before wiping them on one of the napkins. I had Rhonda lick mine off. Lucas was starting to stir and I knew he needed to be fed. I had Rhonda get him. I stood up.

"I'll wash your clothes for you," I said to Tony and Shannon. "It will be more comfortable. I need to wash some of Master's work clothes anyway. I can toss them in with his stuff."

They took about three seconds to come to a decision, both of them standing up to remove their undies, handing them to me. I told Wendy she should clean Tony's cock before his cum dried and became crusty and do the same for Shannon as well. Wendy smiled at me and proceeded to do both. Since the door had been opened, Lisa did the same for Master and he did for her, pausing the movie for the moment so I could start the laundry and Rhonda could get some baby food.

When I came back, Shannon was between Wendy's legs returning her orgasm. Anthony was playing with Wendy's breasts watching them. His cock was already growing again. Ah, the wonders of youth. Wendy climaxed and Shannon sat up, kissing her before sitting beside her again. I sat in Rhonda's lap for the time being, Lucas suckling a breast taking part of his meal. Rhonda played with my pussy, giving me an orgasm. Master restarted the movie.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
I was burping Lucas when the movie ended.

"Okay, the movie was pretty good," Tony said. "I'll give you that, but they were fucking like jack rabbits. It doesn't look as though they were worried about the journey anymore than I am. It was all destination."

"It's a two hour, non-pornographic movie," Master said. "They can't take twenty or thirty minutes to show a love scene between people. They can't even show the real sex. It's implied. It's done that way so the excitement they feel in one another's presence is conveyed to the audience. Doesn't mean that in reality they wouldn't fuck slower some of the time. I'll agree sometimes, the first orgasm is good to get out of the way, if both of you are extremely aroused, but sex shouldn't be that quick all the time or even most of the time. The journey is important. Shannon and Wendy, how long do you think Tony lasts before he cums most of the time?"

"Five minutes," Wendy said.

"No way," Tony said.

"Yeah, around five," Shannon agreed, "give or take a couple."

"Bullshit!" Tony exclaimed.

"From the time you took off your jeans until the time you creamed my hand was five minutes tops," Wendy said.

"Yeah, but I was hard a lot longer than that."

"Agreed," Wendy said, "but I only stroked you for five."

"Anthony, they're not necessarily being critical of you," Master said. "This isn't a blame game, and should never be. It's an opportunity to learn and grow. If you listen to them, believing it's not judgmental, and pay attention, it makes the sex better for everyone. Part of it is youth, and can't possibly be your fault because it's a function of age. It's like blaming you for pimples. When I was your age, five to seven minutes was probably the norm from once I started fucking to climax. It's normal for a man your age; like the sun coming up, but it can be compensated for. Would you like me to show you?"

"How, by fucking one of my girlfriends?" Angry.

"No," Master said, "by letting you fuck my wife with a little bit of instruction, that is, if your girlfriends don't care if you have sex with someone else and they get to enjoy the benefits of your instruction."

Tony's jaw dropped and Wendy immediately said, "I don't care. I'm sharing him with Shannon anyway, and she's only interested in sucking his dick. I'm the only one fucking him."

"No, I don't care if he fucks Julia," Shannon said. "I'd kind of like to see it myself. Could I be permitted to lick her afterward?"

"Sure. What's the very longest you believe Tony has lasted," Master said.

"Ten minutes," Shannon said, "and I've been sucking him for two years."

"Julia, I want you to suck Tony and I don't want him to cum for over fifteen minutes."

"Yes, Master." I handed Lucas to Rhonda to give him his solid food and knelt on the floor at Tony's feet.

He was already hard. I gave him a seduction. No matter how I teased him, I didn't ever give him enough stimulation to let him cum. He received more than enough to keep him hard. I'd suck his balls, caress the tip of his cock, even deep throat him, but every bit of stimulation was followed by something less, kissing his thighs or belly while I loosely held his organ. He attempted to jack himself in my hand, but I would loosen my grip, so he couldn't get the friction he desired. I heard Master's timer go off and I played with him for another minute before I buried his cock in my throat and sucked him to completion, slowly rising up his stalk as he pulsed in my mouth so I could taste his cum. He was groaning and whispering, "fuck, fuck, fuck," over and over as I drained his cum. I sat back on my heels and wiped a stray drop off the corner of my lips.

"Now was that orgasm worse for having been delayed than it would have been if she'd sucked you off in five minutes?" Master asked.

"No, it was fantastic," Tony admitted. "I'm not sure I've ever had a more intense orgasm."

"There's a benefit to you of delaying your orgasm as well as to your partners. Generally speaking, women take longer to orgasm than men do. My sex slaves are a different animal. They might cum five or six times before I do, but I'm older and I'm having sex constantly. If I haven't had sex in a week, I might be able to cum in five minutes again, but it's not normal anymore. One of the few benefits of getting older. The counter to that is it will be harder to get another erection. You'll have no problem doing so.

"Many times one of my slaves will give me a blow job as soon as I get home from work to get the first one out of the way, knowing I'll be able to fuck longer the second and subsequent times. There are ways to compensate for generally cumming faster than your partner, the journey, as Wendy said, rather than the destination. More foreplay, oral sex, manual play. Often, women are more orgasmic after they've had the first one. The later ones are easier to obtain. If you give them an orgasm before you start fucking, they might have another when you fuck them and you can give them another afterward to reward them for yours. Nothing will make your partner appreciate you like them knowing you care about their pleasure as much as your own."

"Okay," Tony said. "I think I understand."

"To make sure you do, why don't you fuck Julia now. Practice with her. She'll cum often. She's not as hard to please as many women would be. She's dripping now and aching to feel your cock in your cunt."

He looked at me, a horny slave. I showed him the evidence of my arousal on a finger slid through my slit, licking it off.

"We should go to the bedroom, Master," I said, "and get comfortable."

"By all means. I'd like the girls to watch so they can learn how to communicate their needs and wants to Tony. More refreshments anyone?"

"My mouth is kind of dry," Shannon said. "That was so hot. Could I get a Sprite?"

"I'll take one too," Wendy said.

"Lisa, please bag up any leftover pizza for our guests to take home, then bring two Sprites for the girls. Rhonda, you may join us when you're done with Lucas. Perhaps you can give Tony some cunt licking tips on Shannon."

"Please," Shannon said, laughing. Tony glared at her. She noticed and said, "Not that you couldn't do with a lesson or two, Tony, but I was saying 'Please' because I want Wendy's lesbian sister to lick my pussy. She could probably give me lessons too."

Tony laughed at that.

We all went into the bedroom Tony and Shannon stopped when they saw it.

"Wow. How big is that bed?" Anthony asked.

"It's called an Alaskan King and it's nine feet by nine feet. We frequently have four people sleeping in it and need the room," Master replied. "Tony, get on the bed with Julia."

He and I got on the bed. His cock was already hard again. No work involved for me.

"Do I need a condom?" He asked.

"I'm on birth control. You can't get me pregnant," I told him.

Master pulled the chairs close to the bed and asked Wendy and Shannon to take a seat. Master stood by the bed.

"Just as Julia teased you sucking your cock, you do the same to her. Touch her all over her body. Kiss her all over her body. Not just the obvious erogenous zones like breasts and pussy, but the neck and shoulders, her inner thighs, the backs of her knees. You can even suck her toes. She's spent most of the day in the water, so everything is sparkly clean at the moment."

Anthony did, although he still rushed, wanting to get to my tits and twat faster.

"Slow down, Tony," Master said. "She's not going to disappear if you don't get your dick in her right away. I want you to take fifteen minutes at least before you even touch her cunt. You want to put her on a low heat and let her simmer for awhile."

Tony grinned and slowed down. Much better. Lisa came in and handed Wendy and Shannon their Sprites. She put her arm around Master.

"When you kiss her, keep stroking other parts of her with your hand. Now you're working on multiple pleasure receptors at the same time.

"When you actually start to touch or lick her pussy, don't go straight for the hole or clit. The whole area around it is sensitive, especially to light touches. If you lightly scrape your fingernails on her thighs immediately below her pussy, most women love that and their pussy starts flooding. Of course, Julia was flooding while she sucked your cock, so it's redundant now, but she'll still enjoy it."

Anthony was listening and doing as Master suggested and I think he was enjoying it. He heard the little gasps and whimpers I made when he touched me and I could feel him smile as his lips caressed my skin.

"The area right between her pussy and anus is sensitive to light touches of finger or tongues as is the anus itself. When you think it's time to actually penetrate her pussy with your fingers, suck or lick her nipples at the same time."

Tony was still taking his time. When he did penetrate me with his fingers, I had my first climax, my back arching with a huge moan of pleasure.

"She's so wet," Tony said in wonder.

"She's been prepared well. Now lick and suck her clit while you use your fingers inside of her. I want you to feel the upper part of her vagina where it feels a little rough almost like a tiny washboard. Do you feel it."

"Yeah, I feel it."

"That's the g-spot, you might have heard about it. Light rubbing, no fingernails, very sensitive, while you suck on her clit."

I had my second climax, shuddering under his touch.

"That's two already you've given her and you haven't started fucking her yet. It won't matter if you do climax in five minutes, but she won't let you. You're still hard, you've enjoyed making her cum twice and you can make her cum more. Marcia, take over."

I rolled Tony over on his back and mounted his cock. I orgasmed again sinking over his shaft. He was about Master's size and he filled me beautifully.

"This is the woman superior or cowgirl position," I said. "It gives the woman more control than a lot of other positions. In order to climax, men need friction to cause the orgasm. This means thrusting for them. Now if I sit slightly above Anthony, he can thrust up into me, or I can raise or lower myself over him. If I ask him to hold still and do the movement, I have more control over the amount of friction created. I can speed up or slow down as I need to delay or speed up his orgasm. I also believe the thrusting action itself helps initiate male orgasms, so if he's not thrusting, he might not cum as fast."

"What do you do if he's thrusting up into you as fast as he needs to cum?" Wendy said, entranced.

"Sit on him." I sat down, putting all of my weight on him. "Don't give him space to thrust. Even if he's strong enough to lift me with his abs and legs, I'm going up and down with him, so there is no friction. We're both moving at the same speed, like you're in an elevator. The reverse cowgirl, where I'm facing his feet works much the same, but I receive less attention on my clit and g-spot from a prick in that position, so I don't usually cum as fast either, which is a detriment. However, I have more space to touch myself, and there's nothing wrong with rubbing my clit to cum faster."

Tony was strong enough to lift me and I rode him up and down a couple times to show them he wasn't really sliding within my sheath.

"Eventually you can have your orgasm, and then he can get off with you."

"What about any other positions?" Wendy asked.

"Well in the doggy position, the man has all the control. If he wants to cum, there's nothing you can do to stop it other than ask him to slow down or even stop to keep from cumming too fast. You can still stroke yourself to cum faster. The male doesn't need to have sole control of granting you pleasure. You can help him out. There's nothing wrong with lending him a hand. It's often been said you're in charge of your own orgasm and there's a lot of truth to that. Unless you're tied down on the bed and have no use of your hands. It's like playing with his balls when you suck him if you want to make him cum faster so you can get to the good stuff.

"In variations of the missionary position or male superior position, there are things you can do to slow him down."

I lay on the bed and spread my legs, asking Tony to fuck me again. I climaxed after another couple thrusts, so fucking aroused to be fucking this wonderful young man in front of my Master. I wrapped my legs around his ass after I climaxed and the next few times, I rode him up and down, reducing his thrusting.

"If you put your legs around his ass and cling tightly to it, every time he tries to go in and out, you move with him, reducing the friction. By clinging to him when you think you need to keep him from cumming, you might be able to delay him for awhile."

I made Tony sit up a little and lift his arms, sliding my legs under them, my feet on either side of his head, then lower his arms to the bed, trapping my legs beneath him.

"In this variation, since he has control of my legs, he has all the control again except for persuasion. I can't even rub my clit. It does allow him to go very deep inside me, and scrape against my g-spot, clit and the piercing I have there, which might make me cum faster, so even if he cums more quickly, I might cum with him. Tony, I want you to fuck me until you cum. Your lesson from me is over."

He kept me in the last position, my body bent like a pretzel and fucked me. He'd learned enough that he didn't go fast, just slow and deep and even though he did cum within about five or six minutes, I climaxed three times, the last time with him cumming with me, both of us trembling with the intensity of our orgasms. When he pulled out of me, I cleaned off his cock. Shannon got off her chair and climbed on the bed.

"May I?" She pleaded.

"Of course, dear," I said, lying back down and parting my legs for her. Shannon crawled between them and lapped up the cum dripping from my cunt. She wasn't half bad, either. She gave me two more orgasms before she stopped, everyone watching her.

Rhonda had joined us before Anthony had finished with me, standing with her arm around Lisa with Master.

I told Rhonda to spend time teaching Tony how to lick cunt. "Don't let Shannon cum for at least ten minutes, and since she was very nice to your Domina, make her cum five times."

"Yes, Domina."

Rhonda got on the bed with Shannon and spent a long time teasing and pleasing her, building her up. Rhonda finally let her climax and the remaining four took less time than the first one had.

"What about me?" Wendy said. "Don't I get to cum?"

"Yes, Wendy, you get to cum. We're going to leave you alone with your friends. Tony is going to practice licking your cunt, while Shannon watches and gives him pointers, then fuck you like he did Julia." Master tossed a condom to Tony. "You don't fuck her cunt without a condom until she's on birth control. It isn't nice thing to do to your partner, especially if you aren't necessarily in love. You got to fuck one unwrapped, so wear this when you fuck Wendy. None of you need unwanted pregnancies. Have you fucked Wendy's ass yet?"

"No," Tony said, looking at Wendy.

"Well don't on my bed. Wendy has a tendency to squirt during ass play. She's messed my bed twice. I don't want her doing it again."

"You squirt?" Shannon asked, intrigued.

"Only when someone's playing with my asshole," Wendy replied. "Julia got a mouthful of my juice last Saturday."

"I think I'm going to use a vibrator on your ass the next time we sixty-nine. I want to see what it's like."

"Mostly messy," I said laughing. "Don't drown."

"We're going to leave you alone for awhile," Master said. "You don't need a bunch of grownups watching you have sex. Practice what you've learned to imprint it more in your brain cells, lick each other clean after you cum so we don't have to change the sheets again. Your underwear will be dry when you're finished. Come and find us out by the pool when you're done and we'll give them to you and say goodbye before you leave, plus give you the rest of the pizza to eat later because you'll probably be hungry again. I was always starving after sex."

They were already scrambling to get situated by the time we left the room.

******

About 90 minutes later, they came onto the patio.

"OMG," Wendy said. "You're instruction worked like a charm. Tony made me cum five times when he fucked me. He was fucking marvelous."

"And he licked me after he fucked Wendy. He's like a hundred percent better," Shannon said.

Tony was grinning like the Cheshire Cat.

"Would you like to use the hot tub awhile or do you need to get going?" Master asked.

"A quick dip in the pool to get the sweat off would be great," Shannon said. "I'm sure I smell of sex, but I need to get going. I'm still living with my parents and I told them I'd be back by midnight."

"Yeah," Tony said, "I told Wendy's parents I'd have her home around then, too. Must maintain the trust. Wendy was right though. You guys are cool. I can't believe you let me fuck your wife."

Master laughed. "To be perfectly honest, Anthony. I did it mostly for Wendy and Julia. Wendy because she should have a wonderful lover and Julia because she loves fresh cock. You enjoying it was a byproduct of their happiness."

"What about Lisa? Does she enjoy fresh cock too?"

"Yeah, just as much as Julia does, but she's off birth control, trying to get pregnant, so she's off limits for the time being. Maybe after she's preggers, if you're still dating Wendy, you can fuck her."

Tony laughed. "All the more reason to keep Wendy happy."

Wendy pushed him in the pool, then dived in after him. Shannon followed her. I stepped out of the hot tub, dried off, fetched their underclothes out of the dryer and their pizza out of the refrigerator. Everyone came into the house and I gave them their clothes and pizza. I kissed each of them at the door as they left.

"You provided me with a very pleasant evening," I told Tony. "Thank you."

"You did the same for me. You're a very good instructor."

"I get lots of practice. One of the benefits of being a sex slave."

He laughed and they waved goodbye and left.

******

SCOTT

Like any other week after a week in LA, I was busy as hell, catching up on everything going on, all the work we had in Fresno, planning for the upcoming week away from home. This week seemed worse than usual. I was usually dragging myself home at least a half hour later than usual. I figured it was going to be end of July, beginning of August before I'd finally finish Thornhill's house and could quit making the weekly trek. I received a call from Bill himself on Wednesday.

"A problem with the house, Bill?" I asked.

"Not at all. I had a favor to ask."

"Can't promise anything, but I'm willing to listen."

"What are the chances I can get in the poker game on Friday?"

"I think they'd be reasonably good. Do you play?"

"Rich billionaire, lots of money to burn, a keen understanding of human psychology. What do you think?"

"I'm thinking we might have trouble winning a pot."

He laughed. "Maybe I'll let you win a couple just to keep it interesting."

"Regina is pretty good too. Made a regional at the World Series of Poker. Did you ever try out?"

"No time. You have to really commit to playing poker. I had more important things to do with my time, better ways of making money."

"I get it."

"Can you explain the rules of your game to me?"

"We have a slave serving under the table. The winner of each hand gets two minutes of oral service for winning the hand. If we have enough slaves, they switch after a half hour so no one's stuck on their knees too long. Usually take a break midpoint to drain the lizard. Around 11:00, we stop play and if a slave is being auctioned, we hold the auction, we usually sell each of the slave's holes individually. The winning bid usually has the use of that slave's services for fifteen minutes, or one orgasm, whichever comes last. A couple times the slave has been sold for the night to be returned at ten the next morning. Whoever is at the house where the slave was sold get to use the slave for the night. So if Regina, Ed or Rob Strong wins, you can expect all three to use the slave. You can only use the money you win at the poker game to bid. You can't plunk down ten thousand and buy out everything."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"What's the buy in?"

"Two hundred."

"Pretty cheap."

"Yeah, no billionaires in our game."

"I'm assuming the slave or the owner can't keep the money."

"No, the bids all go to charity. We send out checks on Monday."

"I'd be putting up a slave for the auction."

"Evelyn?"

"I don't own any others."

"Are you sure you want to do that, Bill?"

"Yes. Evelyn really enjoyed her night with Jerry and Chen. I would prefer she ended up with someone she's already been with, but I'd like her to enjoy the experience of being sold. Dawn was raving about it."

"Can't promise that. Luck of the draw and skill of the player."

"Who are the best players?"

"Regina is the best for sure. I'm not too far behind usually, but I had some fucking horrid cards last week. Chen, Ed and Jerry are usually in a nice group together. Rob, Lisa and my Dad are in the last group. The fact Ed, Regina and Rob all live together and considering their skill levels, gives them about a 50% chance of taking someone home for the night, if that's what they bid on. Last week, they spent a lot of money on Shasta instead of saving their money for Sandy or Julia who were sold for the night."

"Shasta has submitted to someone? I find that hard to believe."

"No submission. You're right there. She and her slave, as you know, were on the outs for awhile. She sold her holes, but on her terms. You could buy her ass, but she'd decide how you fucked it. Regina bought her mouth and ass. There seems to be something going on between them, like a competition or something. It was a pretty rough fucking, though Shasta got her back on the oral. She made sure she smeared Ed's cum all over her face."

"So Regina could be rough on Evelyn?"

"I'm not sure. She seems to treat the slaves okay. Julia thinks she has a problem with more dominant women, like she has to cut them down a notch. Doesn't have to do that to slaves. Their submission puts them on the bottom already."

Bill nodded. "I don't know her all that well, but from what I've heard, I wonder if she isn't a little like Evelyn used to be? Interesting."

"How do you mean?"

"Catty, bitchy, superior, full of herself. Does she have money?"

"Independently wealthy, obtained from her father. I don't think she's ever worked a day in her life."

"It will be interesting sitting across the table from her. On another matter, I heard Marcia and Chantelle really enjoyed their night with you. I'm impressed."

"They're both incredibly beautiful women," I laughed. "I was inspired. I think not having Sam there watching helped too. I always feel a bit strange fucking a man's wife in front of him."

"Are you saying you might be equally inspired if I'm not there when you fuck Evelyn?"

"Who knows." I smiled. "Stranger things have happened; but there was a confluence of events. Lack of my own slaves so I only had the one, and in Chantelle's case, no sex for two and a half days."

"I can see where that might be inspiring."

"Before I started on your house, I don't think I'd gone for more than ten hours without sex since Julia became a slave. Essentially sleep and work. Even for the week I stayed at Brianna's while taking the continuing education class, it was probably no more than fifteen or sixteen hours without sex; Brianna loaned me slaves. Just the time in class and usually some study time after. It's been a great run."

"It's amazing what naked slaves do to the libido, isn't it?"

"Damn straight."

"What time does the game start?"

"Seven on Friday night."

"Check with your friends to see if they'll accept another player and slave for the auction and thanks for everything."

"You bet."

I sent out a group text to all the poker players telling them William Thornhill wanted to play with us and he'd be offering up Evelyn for auction afterwards. Would anyone have an objection? I'd received about half the responses to my query when I got a call from Julia. She told me Shasta had a special request and would be staying for supper tonight.

"Do you know what she wants?"

"No, Master. She said she'd tell us both when you got home."

"Bill wants to play on Friday and is offering Evelyn up for auction."

"Are you going to let him, sir?" She asked.

"I haven't heard from everyone, but response is favorable so far. Just think, Bill could be the one to buy you for the night."

"It sounds exciting, Master."

"I'll see you at supper then. Talk to you later."

"Yes, sir."

Everyone was all in on William joining us on Friday. Looked like we'd added another person, at least for this week.

******

I tried to get home earlier than the last couple days since Shasta wanted to talk to me. It was still close to six-thirty before I got home. Shasta and Julia followed me into the bedroom and Julia closed the door behind us, meaning Shasta wanted privacy.

"How can I help you, Shasta?" I asked.

"You know how Sean and I had trouble."

"I do. Is he acting up again?"

"No, he's been good so far, but I want to make sure he stays that way. He's the only one I've fucked since I took him back and I don't want him getting complacent. I want him to know I can still fuck other people."

"So you want me to fuck you again? What's so secret about that. All you have to do is ask."

"It's more than that. I want to reinforce Sean's compliance. I'd like him to be used by a man, you know, suck cock or get ass fucked. He won't like it, which is the reason I want to tell him to do it."

Julia and I looked at one another. Shit! I was willing to do just about anything for Shasta, but this was asking for a lot.

"Yeah, I'm not sure I can do that, Shasta. I've never had a desire to be with a man, and I don't think I want to start now."

"Do you think it's because people might view you as gay, Master?" Julia said. "Your slaves can attest to the fact you're not gay. None of us would look at you any differently because you helped Shasta with this."

"That might be part of it, but it's more than that. It gives me the willies thinking about it."

"She's not asking you to suck his cock, sir. I can understand how you couldn't stand to do that. She's asking you to let him suck yours. If you closed your eyes, you might not be able to tell who's sucking you."

"Maybe, except he has facial hair, and I definitely don't want to fuck his ass."

"If I might make a suggestion, Master, what about this? We put Sean in the stocks. We make him suck you hard enough to fuck Shasta's cunt. You fuck her, and afterward he need to clean you and get you hard enough to fuck her ass. While you're fucking her ass, one of us can put on a strapless and fuck his ass too."

"What if I can't get hard while he's sucking my cock. My brain has to be involved and I'm not sure my brain won't be saying, get your cock out of that man's mouth."

Julia laughed. "Kind of like my brain was saying the first time I licked cunt, sir. What are you doing licking that woman's pussy? Are you crazy? If you think it would help, Shasta or I could suck your balls at the same time. If you don't get hard, we make him stop and take over completely. It's got a chance of working anyway."

"Christ! I don't know. I'll definitely fuck you if you want me to Shasta. Let me think about the rest. I need to shower. I don't want to hear anymore about it. You've made your case, leave it be. I'll decide, but whatever I decide, I don't want another word said."

"Yes, Master," Julia said.

"Thanks for considering it," Shasta said.

"Go away. Shoo."

They left. Fuck!

In the shower, I didn't even want to wash my own cock, like touching myself made me feel weird. I shivered, despite the hot water. During supper, it felt like there was an elephant in the room. Everyone else was acting normally, but I probably wasn't. I was feeding Lisa, but I wasn't thinking about her so it seemed desultory and disinterested, which Lisa noticed. She asked me what was wrong, which probably meant she hadn't been told. I told her I had a lot on my mind and left it at that, nothing to be concerned about. Still, I felt bad I wasn't giving her all the attention she deserved. I kissed her, holding her and finally finger fucking her to a nice orgasm.

The meal was eaten, the food put away, the table cleared. Fuck!

"Sean," I ordered, "get your ass in the bedroom and wait there."

Sean looked at his Mistress.

"You're in his house, you fucking do what a Master say. Get moving."

Sean went into the bedroom. Everyone looked at me, Rhonda and Lisa with the most confusion, Shasta and Julia with the most expectation.

"Here's what's going to happen. If he tries to suck my cock before anything else happens, we might end up dead in the water. Shasta, you suck my cock to get me hard enough to fuck you. After I cum, we'll make Sean clean me off. Just Sean, no one else. I don't want to confuse my body with both a man and woman doing it. Either he gets me hard again by himself or it's done. I might not be able to fuck anyone else the rest of the night, I'll be so fucked up. If he does give me an erection, I'll fuck Shasta's ass too, while one of you girls fucks his ass with a strap-on, no vibrator. We don't tell Sean anything until it's time. For now, all he's doing is getting fastened in the stocks watching his Mistress get fucked. We'll see how it goes from there. Those are the rules, take it or leave it."

"I'll take it," Shasta said. "Thank you very much."

"Thank you, sir," Julia said.

"You really don't care if Sean sucks my cock?"

"No, sir."

"Any of the rest of you have anything at all you want to say about it? Now's your chance."

"I became aroused when Sean sucked Ron, sir," Lisa said. "I hope you'll be able to fuck me after Shasta."

"I don't care about cocks in general, Master," Rhonda said. "What you do with yours is of little import."

"We never, ever, talk about this again. Ever! If I hear someone say one thing about tonight, it will be 100 swats with The Enforcer, and that includes you, Shasta. Make sure your slave understands, because I'll punish you if he speaks about it. We never, ever do this again. One and done. You good with that?"

"I understand Scott. If Sean speaks of it, he'll not only get twice what I get, plus fifty lashes of the whip to his cock and balls."

"I can't believe I'm doing this. I must be insane. All right, let's go to the bedroom and get this over with."

We all marched to the bedroom where Sean waited, kneeling.

"Get the stocks ready," I said. "Sean goes in facing the bed."

"Yes, Master," a chorus, and Sean was soon in the stocks, staring at the bed. I was sure he had questions, whether he was being punished or something else was going to happen. He didn't ask and no one said anything.

When everything was ready, I said, "Your Mistress doesn't want you to ever again believe you're the only person she's going to fuck. Do you understand?"

"Yes, sir."

"She's going to suck me to an erection and I'm going to fuck her in front of you so you can watch and understand what that means. You're her property, not the other way around. She's free to do what she wants, you do what she tells you. I'm sure she'll often fuck other people to remind you. It might be me, or Mr. Thornhill, or anyone else. Who is totally up to her. If she wants to fuck a bum off the street, that's her decision, not yours."

"Yes, sir. I understand."

I got on the bed and Shasta joined me. I got on my back asked her to sixty-nine with me. At the moment, I needed all the woman I could get, and that meant both ends. She climbed over my face and I stuck my face in her cunt, and inhaled the scent of a woman, tasted the fluids in her cunt, the softness of her folds and the lips around my cock. I was afraid even then I might not get an erection, but I was wrong. It might have taken a little longer than usual considering I'd had no sex since this morning, but not much longer. Shasta was skilled and this was something she wanted. I was pleased I gave her an orgasm before I was ready.

Sean would be staring at our groins, the juncture of our union, if she rode me, so I told her to mount me. She climbed aboard and started sliding up and down my shaft. I couldn't see Sean through her body, so did my best to ignore what was coming next, only fucking the lovely young woman riding me now. She was enjoying herself legitimately. She wasn't trying to make more of it than it really was, no extra moans, or cries, or whimpers, just what she truly felt and was enjoying. I was playing with her hanging breasts, thumbing her taut nipples. She had three orgasms before I felt the beginnings of my own building in my balls.

"I'm going to cum soon, Shasta," I said. "I'd love for you to cum with me."

"I'm fairly close myself," she replied, "and it feel like it's going to be a good one. I'll do my best. Just keep thrusting if you cum before I do. Fill my cunt with your cum and I ride you to the next one."

"Okay."

About a minute later, I moaned, "Soon."

"Hang on, Scott. I'm almost there."

She started going faster, her cunt siding up and down my cock like a piston. She was so wet and hot. I pulled her face down for a tonsil searching kiss, arching my back and thrusting as deep as I could as I exploded into her cunt, groaning, my prick pulsing a flood of sperm into her cunt. Three seconds later, she joined me, her pussy clamping like velvet gloves around my cock, throbbing, milking my cum. Sean had to be getting a spectacular show. I felt my balls drain, the last few quivers of my cock sending the last of it into her.

"That was a wonderful fucking, Scott," Shasta said, her pussy still fluttering on my dick. "I cum so hard for you."

"Yes you did. I felt every tremor on my cock. It felt like a vise squeezing me. Julia, I want you cleaning this Mistress immediately."

"Yes, Master."

Shasta rolled onto her back and Julia went between her legs.

"Sean, you're going to get me ready to fuck your Mistress's ass. I want you to suck me clean and give me another erection."

"Lisa you wallop his ass with the paddle to make sure he does a good job," Shasta said. "You keep smacking him until your Master is hard."

"Yes, Mistress," Lisa answered getting the Enforcer.

Sean was set at a height I could kneel with my legs spread a little and I went to the foot of the bed and shoved my wet, limp dick into Sean's face. He opened his mouth and started sucking. I did as Julia suggested and closed my eyes. Sean wasn't a good cock sucker. He'd never trained to suck cock once he knew he was going to Shasta, nor ever with another man before his slavery. Lisa started smacking his bottom and his sucking improved, as it wouldn't end until he got me hard. I could hear the smack of the Enforcer on his naked ass and wondered how many times he'd be smacked before I was hard, or even if I'd get hard. Since he was so inept, he couldn't take all of my cock, which meant I wouldn't be pushing up against his beard or mustache, thank God.

Finally, after five minutes of sucking while I imagined it was Julia sucking my cock even though she was a much superior cock sucker, I was hard enough to pull out of his mouth and fuck Shasta. This time we turned sideways so Sean could could see us in profile. I fucked her cunt a half dozen times, then eased myself into her ass. Much better. Since the worst of my night was over, I was going to end up cumming faster the second time than the first. Shasta enjoyed the anal sex and also managed to climax before I grabbed her hips and planted myself deep in her fundament and released, grunting with each jet. I pulled out and Julia was waiting with a clean, warm washcloth.

Shasta had backed up against Sean's face and told him to lick her clean, and he did it too; every drop of cum dribbling out of her ass. When he was done, Rhonda released him from the stocks. His ass was quite red. He'd taken quite awhile to give me my second erection. I shuddered again.

Shasta plastered herself against me with a deep kiss, saying, "Thanks, Scott, for the wonderful fucking. I needed that. Come on, slave. We need to go home so you can take care of Momma."

"Yes, Mistress."

Lisa sucked me back to hardness and it was much easier watching her do it, than imagining Julia. When I was hard, I lined them up next to one another, bent over the side of the bed, as much female cunt and ass as I could get and fucked them, first one, then the next, then the next, then starting over. I finally sank my shaft in Lisa and orgasmed, finished for the night. I took another shower and went to bed.

I woke up in the middle of the night, a nightmare featuring bearded lips. Julia soothed me by sucking my cock until I climaxed, laying her head on my chest when she was done.

"I love you, Master," she whispered.

"I love you, too. More than I can say."

"I know you do, sir. You prove it every day."

I went back to sleep, dreamless.

******

JULIA

Friday night was upon us, at Regina's again, Regina hosting. Master had sent Bill the address yesterday. Since Master intended to sell me for the night again, I cleansed my ass before it was time to leave. Rhonda was staying home to take care of the baby tonight since we'd have plenty of service slaves.

Shasta and Sean were getting ready to leave when I mentioned William Thornhill was coming to the game tonight.

"Bill's coming to play poker tonight?"

"Yes, he's going to auction Evelyn to someone tonight."

"I think I'll come to watch Bill play. Sean, you go home and take care of Momma, look after Cedric. Take the car, I'll ride with Julia. I may come home, I might not. See how things play out. You let Momma know I won't be home for supper, maybe not at all."

"Yes, Mistress." Sean hid his displeasure very well if he felt it. Or maybe he'd learned his lesson. He left.

Master got home at six and took a shower, saving himself for the game. He was happy to see Shasta was going with us, even if she wasn't going to sell herself.

We got to Regina's at 6:45. Bill wasn't there yet, and neither was Jerry. I removed my clothes. Lisa kept hers on because she was playing. He might have gotten stuck in traffic the way Master did last week. He might miss the game.

At 6:55, a limo pulled up outside Regina's house, William, Evelyn, Jerry and Reneé all got out of it. Evelyn was wearing a skimpy, semi-transparent beaded dress. Her hair was made up and she looked fabulous.

"I gave Jerry a lift on my helo so he wouldn't get caught in traffic," Bill said. "I have a guy driving his truck back for him." He bowed over Regina's hand, kissing her knuckles. "You have a beautiful home, Regina, thank you for inviting me to play."

"You're welcome, Mr. Thornhill," Regina replied, smiling widely to have the billionaire in her home.

"Call me Bill, please, unless you'd like to call me Master."

"Excuse me!" Regina said.

"Just kidding. I was just picturing you with my collar around your neck, kneeling at my feet. It was a wonderful fantasy. Please pardon my rudeness."

About half of Regina's previous smile was gone.

"Let's see. Of course I know Jerry and Chen; they've both worked on my house. The gorgeous pregnant woman must be Janet, as I've met the other slaves already and I remember her from my bedroom when we were otherwise engaged with my wife. I'm pleased to actually meet you Janet. I can't wait to see the child you produce with Chen. Is it a boy or girl?

"A girl."

"I'll bet she's stunning. You'll have to fight off the boys, Chen. Have you picked out a name yet?"

"Something floral," Janet said. "We're leaning towards Lily."

"I've got a little something in this envelope to put towards the child's education." He handed a sealed envelope to Chen. "Let's see, I've met Dan and his slave, Sandy. Good to see you both again. That only leaves the twins here, Rob and Ed, isn't it? You should wear different colored shirts or something so I can tell you apart."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"I'm Rob," Rob said, "The ugly one is Ed."

"Good, ugly one, Ed, handsome one, Rob. That should do the trick for me. And Shasta, how good to see you again." He bowed over her hand as well. "Are you playing tonight, dear?"

"No, Bill. Just come to see if you know how to play poker, and if you need company, you lose your wife tonight, don't win any other."

Bill laughed. "An interesting proposition. Listen, I know I'm the new one to this game, but I'd like to make a suggestion if I may?"

Master said, "What's that?"

"Well, I understand we have four beautiful slaves here to auction off. We all know if there are four slaves, everyone will end up with a piece of one, so we don't really have much to play for, since everyone wins. What I'd like to suggest is only two slaves be auctioned tonight, both for the entire night. Thus we only really have two winners and we have more of a reason to play hard and not just stumble through the game. I'd like one of the slaves to be my wife. Whoever wins Evelyn will stay at my hotel suite with full room service benefits until noon tomorrow, at which time I'll come back to reclaim her. The other one would fall to you to choose. Any other slaves could do the service under the table rotating in and out. I understand they're stuck on their knees the whole time. What do you think? "

"I think it's an excellent idea," Regina said. "Put a little competition back in the game."

"Both Sandy and Reneé were offered last week," Master said, "and I missed the game. I'd like to offer Julia as the other slave. Would anyone have an objection?"

"You know we love to stick it to your wife," Rob said. "I hardly think anyone would object."

It was agreed by the others that I would be sold for the night. My cunt dripped.

"Evelyn, strip. Show everyone what they're playing for tonight."

She removed her skimpy dress, standing in Display. I remembered Bill giving her a hood piercing. Diamonds glittered from the piercing. Her cunt was as wet as mine. She also had diamonds gracing her nipples, a solid gold emblem dangling from her cunt marking her as Bill's slave. She looked professionally made up. Whoever fucked her was going to have fun messing her make-up.

"Let's get started. Evelyn, you start under the table. Whoever wins each hand, you will suck their cock or lick their cunt for two minutes. Is anyone keeping time?"

"I am, Master," Janet said, raising her hand.

"Make sure they get five seconds over two minutes so everyone is certain they weren't slighted."

"Yes, sir."

They started playing poker. Reneé, Sandy and I were kept busy filling drinks and bringing food, with the usual bit of fondling going on. Bill was a great poker player. He was winning 30% of the pots. Evelyn should have just stayed there and sucked his cock. Regina was winning maybe 20%, Master and Chen around 15% and the other 20% scattered amongst the other five players. By the time all four of us had served under the table once, Dan hadn't one single pot. Everyone was playing hard, concentrating on the cards. Bill had cum twice, once in Sandy and once in me. Master, Jerry and Chen had cum once. Both Lisa and Regina had cum twice, but only because Lisa could cum in one sitting. She'd won two pots and orgasmed both times, the slut. Only two winners tonight and the competition was fierce.

They took a break and Master told me it looked like I'd be going to Bill tonight unless he purchased his own wife which he didn't think was likely.

"And you think Evelyn will go to Regina?"

"It's likely. Unless Bill ends up with enough money to buy both of you."

"I'd like her to go to someone else like you, Jerry or Chen, sir."

"I think Bill would too, but that's not the way the game is falling."

They started up again with an hour, forty left to play. Evelyn, myself, Reneé under the table for a full shift, Sandy for ten minutes to end the game. Evelyn got Chen and Regina to cum before it was my turn under. Jerry won a hand, but didn't cum from my sucking, nor did Ed. I left Bill hard, but not drenching my tonsils. Regina was close again. She was thrusting her hips against my mouth when I stopped and she said, "Shit". She needed to cum bad and probably would with the next winning pot.

Reneé took over while I served drinks and food. I was serving Bill when another hand started, seven card draw, Ed's favorite game. I looked at Bill's hand. He had nothing and I expected him to fold.

"I'll bet two hundred," he said when the bid came to him.

Ed and Rob folded.

"Fuck that," Regina said, "raise you a hundred."

Lisa and Jerry folded.

Master said, "I'll call," and tossed in three hundred worth of chips. He had maybe a hundred fifty left.

Dan folded.

"Here's my hundred, raise another hundred," Bill said. He ran a hand up my leg to my sopping pussy and said to me, "You know where you're going tonight, don't you sweetie?"

"Yes, Master."

"Call," Regina said. She had maybe a hundred, or hundred fifty in chips left.

"Call," Master said. He had fifty dollars in chips left.

"Cards," Ed said.

"I'll take two," Regina said. Ed dealt her two.

Master also asked for two. Ed gave him two cards.

"I'm good," Bill said. "I'll bet fifty." He tossed in another fifty dollars worth of chips on the table. He still had maybe three hundred left. I glanced at his hand again, thinking I'd missed something. No, it was still shit.

Regina stared at him for the longest time trying to figure what he had. Bill was impassive, still playing with my pussy, not even paying attention to her stares. I was nearly ready to climax from his fingering.

"Fuck, I'm out," she muttered, tossing in her cards. Bill looked at Master.

"I'll call," he said, tossing in fifty, leaving him with five dollars.

"What do you have," Bill said, "a full house or did you get the four of a kind?"

"Full house," Master said, showing his cards."

"You win. I got nothing," Bill said, tossing down his shit hand.

Regina stared at it. "You asshole, mother fucker. I had a straight."

All the other players started laughing at the fantastic bluff.

"And you still would have lost, I just drove the pot up a little higher. Not my fault you fell for it."

"What a con man," Regina said.

"I tell you what, Regina, a little game between us, right now," Bill said. "Five hands of five card draw, one dealer, whoever you want, not including folds. Five hundred dollar buy in. Each pot won, the loser pleasures the winner for three minutes. The holder of the most money wins after five completed hands. If you win, I'll write you a check for $100,000 dollars tonight. If I win, you spend one week as my naked sex slave, starting from tomorrow morning, so I can sell you at next weeks game."

"We haven't finished this game yet," she complained.

"That's okay," Ed said. "I want to see this. I'm not taking home anything anyway and neither is anyone else but Bill or Scott from the looks of it. Might as well end now."

Everybody else also agreed there was little point in finishing the regular game with only a half hour left and they all wanted to see the match between Regina and William instead.

"Fine," Regina said. "I'm happy to take your fucking money."

"I'm happy to give it to you, if you win. Give us both five hundred dollars in chips, Scott."

Master plucked three stacks of chips out of the caddy. "Blues are fifty, reds ten, whites five." Master counted out five hundred to both.

"Ed can deal," Regina said.

Ed dealt the cards. Since no one else was eating or drinking, intent on the game, I sat in Master's lap. "It looks like you're fucking Evelyn tonight, doesn't it, Master?"

He kissed me. "It does indeed."

The first two deals, someone folded, first Bill, then Regina. The third game got interesting and the bidding went back and forth, the pot reaching $200 before Evelyn tossed in her cards. Bill had three of a kind. It was a good hand for five card draw.

Regina got under the table to suck his cock and Janet started the timer.

Bill stroked her hair as she sucked him. "I'm sorry I won't have a load of cum to give you this time. I guess it will have to be the second hand I win. I'm so looking forward to chaining you to my bed."

Regina almost choked on his cock as he said it, but he kept her head down, not letting her stop to protest.

"Of course, you'll have to suck cock better than this, but I'm sure you can be trained. You'll have to service my wife too, so be prepared to lick a lot of cunt."

She choked again, sputtering.

"Time," Janet called.

Bill released her head and she crawled out, spitting mad. "You haven't won this yet, Thornhill."

"It's only a matter of time, Regina. You might as well offer your neck for the collar now."

"Deal, Ed," Regina said. Ed dealt.

"She shouldn't get so mad," Master whispered. "She'll make a mistake. He's fucking with her head."

The next deal was also a fold and didn't count. The fifth one resulted in more bidding, the pot going to $300 before the game ended. Regina had three of a kind to Bill's two pair, kings over tens.

Bill got under the table to lick her cunt. Regina chortled. "You're going to pay for my next car, Bill. You lick cunt pretty good. Are you sure you're not a woman in disguise?"

He kept licking, ignoring her. When the time was up, he got out from under the table.

"You taste quite good, Regina, but I assure you, you will lick cunt much better than I when I've had you a week."

They resumed the game, William wiping his face with a napkin. The next two games also ended without bids, either one or the other folding. The next match had bidding, and Bill won again, queens over jacks beating nines over treys. He won a deuce and a half, so I figured he was up maybe $75 at the moment.

While Regina was sucking Williams cock, he said, "You know, I love when a slave cups my balls while she's sucking my meat. I'll teach you to do that while you're my slave."

She gurgled again. "You're not too bad, Regina. I'm cumming now. I hope you like it."

He started thrusting into her mouth and groaned, flooding her mouth with his seed. Regina choked a little. You'd think she'd never sucked one of the Strong twins. Maybe he was deeper than they got. They were wide but not particularly long.

"Ah, Regina, that felt so good. I've had that erection since the last time you sucked me. Be a good girl and get back up there so I can finish this off and I can claim you."

She crawled out from under the table looking like she could chew nails.

"The next time you're down there, could you lick my asshole, it's feeling a little peckish," Bill said.

"You prick," Regina hissed.

Master was playing with my cunt and whispered to me. "Regina doesn't know it, but it's already over. She might as well strip now."

"He's only ahead by $75, Master, with two rounds to play." I was gasping, close to cumming.

"He's in her head now. She's thinking of a weeks worth of slavery, not poker. He'll win the next hand too, and her goose is cooked." I climaxed on his fingers, moaning.

Apparently, William thought the same thing. He said, "It's almost over now, Regina. Let's have a finish to it."

The next hand was another bidding. $300 bucks more or less made it into the pot, and they both laid down their hands. William won, a straight over three aces.

Regina stared at the hand like it was the end of the world. William was now up $225 and it would take a miracle for her to win. It would take a pot of close to $500 to pass him and all Bill had to do was not let the pot get that big. Just toss it in before it reached that high.

"Do you want to concede now or play it out to the end?"

"I've still got a chance," Rhonda said.

"I estimate about one percent."

"It's still a chance. I'll take it."

"Okay. You still need to give me my blow job."

Bill leaned back and put his hands behind his head. Regina sighed and got back on the floor crawling under the table to suck on his limp cock. He didn't get an erection. He'd just climaxed. She sucked him anyway until the time was up.

"Go ahead, Ed, deal it again," Regina said, despondently, returning to her chair.

Ed squeezed her hand, actually feeling sorry for her. He dealt again. Regina folded on the first one. Ed dealt again. Regina looked at her hands, tossed a hundred into the pot.

"I'll bet a hundred."

"I'll see your hundred," William said, tossing his chips onto the table. Just like that, the pot was up to two hundred. If Bill wanted to he could fold now and the game would be over.

"How many cards you want, baby?" Ed asked.

"I'm good," Regina said.

"Bill?"

"I'm good, too," Bill looking at Regina.

Regina pushed the rest of her chips on the table. "All in," steady, calm, cool as a cucumber.

"Just fold, Bill," Master whispered. "You have her. Just fold."

Bill looked at her, smiling. "Regina, all I have to do is fold. All that money isn't going to do a bit of good unless I match it."

"That would be a chickenshit move, Bill. I thought you had more balls than that. It's a girl move, throwing in the towel. You got a hand; play it."

"Fine, Regina, you want your chance; here's your chance." Bill shoved his pile into the pot. "I call."

She flipped her cards over. A pair of tens. She hadn't drawn on a pair of tens. Bill turned his over. A pair of queens.

"Don't bluff a bluffer, Regina. It doesn't work. Why don't you take off your clothes and show me what I own for the next week before you come suck my cock."

Regina stood up, removed her blouse, her lacy black bra and her skirt. She didn't have panties so we slaves could easily lick her cunt when she won. Bill moved around her appraising his new slave, running his hand over her body. She flinched every time he touched her.

"Very nice, Regina. I'm impressed. I guess I didn't pay that much attention when you came for the ceremony, but you have to admit, there was a lot of competition there to draw the eye, but you are not bad at all."

He pulled a collar out of his pocket and handed it to Regina.

"You need to be wearing this when you show up to Scott's tomorrow at ten AM. It's the collar you're going to wear this week. Now, you may think about reneging on your bet, Regina. Don't do that. If you do, you're going to find your life is going to get really hard. Any loans you have outstanding will get bought up and come due. You'll have trouble getting credit. You'll find your investments start to take a nose dive. You'll find it hard to get credit. You might even find you have to end up selling your house. But if you remain my slave for a week, under the same conditions I keep my wife, you'll wake up next Saturday at 10:00 AM, as free as a bird and another $20,000 richer. Have I been clear enough for you?"

"Yes."

"Yes, what. You might as well get used to saying it now."

"Yes, Master."

"Very good, Regina. Do you know why you're my slave tonight, Regina?"

"I lost at poker, Master?"

"No. I didn't even really care about the game, except I was afraid you might buy my wife. I heard about what happened to my very good friend, Shasta, when she sold herself a couple weeks ago. I thought you disrespected her. I don't like it when my friends are treated badly, Regina. She sold herself; you could have just had whatever sex you wanted with her, but you were cruel. My wife used to be a cruel, nasty bitch, not unlike you, Regina. Right up until I made her my slave. That tamed her pretty quick and turned her into the flower I treasure today. That's why I didn't want you buying my wife tonight, because you might have been nasty and cruel to her. Not hurt her, exactly, because you would have to be extremely foolish to do that, and I hope you aren't that stupid. But not treating her as the beautiful possession I consider her to be. So now, because you were a cruel, nasty bitch, I thought what helped tame Evelyn, would help tame you. I'm going to own you for a week and work some of that meanness out of you. I'll be hard, but fair. You won't get treated any different than any other slave in this room, but you will be my slave. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Master."

"Now kneel down and suck my cock for three minutes. Start the timer, Janet."

"Yes, sir."

Regina got down on her knees and started sucking. She wouldn't get a reward this time either. I'm sure William would save himself for me, or whoever he purchased tonight.

"It sounds as if Bill planned this from the beginning," I whispered.

"He even brought a collar with him," Master said. "I don't think there was any way she was getting out of here without wearing it."

Regina sucked for three minutes and was told she could stop when the timer went off. William zipped up his pants. "You can get dressed again, Regina. Don't bother bringing much more than a toothbrush tomorrow morning. You won't need it."

The room was fairly silent as Regina got dressed. She ignored her bra. It was time for bed anyway.

"Don't we have an auction to conduct?"

"Is there a point? Jerry said. "You and Scott pretty much have all the money. No one else has a chance of winning either slave."

"You're right. My mistake. I really did want Evelyn to experience being sold, but I guess it will have to wait until next week. I'll have two slaves for sale, so I hope I'm invited back."

"Well, Regina might wish you weren't returning next week, Bill, but it doesn't appear she has a say in it anymore," Chen said. "Everybody in favor of Bill coming back next week, raise their hand."

All the players raised their hand except Regina and she wasn't a player next week. Even Ed and Rob raised their hands.

"It looks unanimous," Chen said. "Looks like you're coming back next week, Bill."

"Thanks. I'm looking forward to it. Julia, what's your charity?"

"American Red Cross, Master."

"I'd like to give all my winnings tonight to the Red Cross for the purchase of this slave including the $1000 on the table I played Regina with, plus another check for $5000. Since you're going to be using my hotel suite, Scott, do you have any problem with me borrowing your house tonight so Regina can find me tomorrow?"

"No, Bill, none at all," Master said.

"Shasta, I think you should be at Scott's house when Regina arrives. I think yours should be the first cunt she practices on. Would you care to join me and Julia? I understand Julia has to pleasure everyone at the house where she's sold to."

"That's correct, Master," I replied. "Everyone who's there."

"Scott, the limo driver is waiting outside. He'll take you to the hotel. Your slave has a key to the suite. Make sure you use her hard. She heard how well Marcia and Chantelle were treated and is hoping for the same. Oh, and don't forget she gets a fifty swat spanking every morning. She'll give you her paddle or you can use your hand. I'll ride back to your house with your slave. Shasta, did you have a car?"

"No, Bill. I came with Scott."

"Wonderful. Makes it easy."

"I don't want be outdone by your generosity, Bill. What charity is your wife supporting tonight?"

"Cystic Fibrosis. She had a cousin who died of the disease, so she's raised money for them for years. It's one of the few things she did right."

"Then I offer all of my winnings, plus an additional $1000 to Cystic Fibrosis. Julia, you'll please see to the disbursement of the funds on Monday since I'll be gone?"

"Yes, Master."

I collected all the money for the charities while Evelyn dressed and Bill said goodbye to everyone. He bowed over Regina's hand again when he said goodbye to her. She didn't smile near as broadly as when he arrived. Master and Evelyn got ready to leave and I kissed them both.

"Please enjoy my Master," I told Evelyn.

"I will and I'll see he's well taken care of."

"Thank you."

I hugged Master and said I'd see him tomorrow. He and Evelyn left. I got dressed myself and escorted Bill out to the car, along with Lisa and Shasta. Jerry had been about to ask Chen for a ride but when he went outside, his truck was there with the key in the ignition.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
"Damn, Bill, your people are efficient."

"If they aren't, they don't work for me long. Have a great weekend, Jerry. Enjoy your lovely slave."

We climbed in, Shasta and Lisa in the back and Bill beside me.

"How well can you concentrate when you drive if I finger you?"

"As a slave, I've been trained to concentrate on my duties while I'm pleasured, sir."

"If I detect the car weaving in the slightest, you shall be punished when you get home."

"Yes, Master."

William proceeded to finger fuck me to two orgasms as I drove home. I'm proud to say I didn't swerve at all, though I moaned quite loudly as I climaxed. He pulled his fingers out of me after the second and licked them off.

"You taste delicious, slave,"

"Thank you, Master. Did you plan to turn Regina into a slave ever since you decided to play in the game?"

"No. When I called Scott and asked about the game, he mentioned Regina quite brutally ass fucked Shasta. From the description of her, she did sound a lot like Evelyn. Nice enough with her group of friends, but quite horrible with most other people, treating them like peasants and she was royalty. The very first time I met Sam, he rushed out to help me with the huge pile of luggage Evelyn insisted on bringing to this clothing optional cruise we went on. Despite his coming to help and friendliness towards us, she treated him like shit. She pretty much treated everyone on the boat like shit except for the crewman she decided to sleep with that cruise. When I finally stopped treating her like my wife and like the slave she is, everyone on the cruise lined up to spank her ass every morning. No one liked her.

"The descriptions I've had of Regina seemed like Evelyn then. Friendly enough with her friends and apparently, the people she doesn't perceive as a threat, but nasty to everyone else. I wondered if their circumstances weren't somewhat similar and might be addressed in much the same way. That is when I planned to turn her into a slave for a week. I feel quite certain she'll be a much nicer on the other end than she is now.

"Shasta, I'm sorry you underwent her abuse."

"I got even, sort of."

"I heard. I enjoyed the story. Still Evelyn needs to pay. I'm going to put you and Julia in charge of her slave training. Julia because she's got some experience, and you because she needs to learn to respect you the way I do. I understand Julia has some experience in training slaves, including her own. You'll be in charge of her orgasms when you're around. She won't have an orgasm during her slavery when you're present, unless you give it to her. She'll be punished if she does."

"Aren't you taking her back to LA with you when you go, sir?" I asked.

"I'm not going to LA until Thursday, and only then for a day in order to subject Regina to a full day of satisfying Brianna and all of her slaves. I'll be staying in Fresno and she'll be staying at your house undergoing her training until then. I'll bring her back on Friday to be sold at the next poker game."

"Master, I realize you only purchased my services at the game, but I'm quite certain my Master would like to extend the full hospitality of his house to you. Lisa and Master are trying to make a baby, so her cunt is off limits, but all other slave holes would be available to you. Rhonda is only obligated to serve men except Master orally unless she chooses to do otherwise, due to her sexual orientation."

"Thank you for the offer. I should still like to discuss it with Scott before taking advantage of any of his other slaves. After all, it seems like Shasta is also willing to share herself, unless I misread the situation."

"You don't misread nothing, Bill. I ache to feel you in my cunt again, especially since you giving me control of Regina for a week."

Bill laughed. "What was that device Scott used on Marcia to make her beg to be used at your bonding ceremony. I'm thinking Regina will be wearing one a lot this week."

"A Slave Trainer, Master, and I had the same thought," I said, "when you said I'd be in charge of her training this week. You don't need to ask Scott's permission to use Rhonda. She's my slave, first and foremost. She will be available for oral services. We'll probably also use her to teach Regina how to lick cunt."

"Great minds think alike," Bill laughed. "It seems we have a plan."

"Yes, Master. It seems we do."

******

It was late when we got home. Everyone immediately got comfortable, including Bill and Shasta. I checked on Lucas first and found him soundly sleeping. Rhonda was asleep in our room with the baby monitor on. She woke up when we came into the room. She noticed Bill was with us, but not Master.

"Where's Master, Domina?" She said, rubbing her eyes.

"He's at Bill's hotel suite with Evelyn until noon tomorrow," I replied. "Bill purchased my services and is staying with us until then and is to have all normal slave services extended to him. Also, Regina is coming tomorrow morning at ten. She lost a poker game to Bill and has to serve him as a sex slave for a week. Shasta and I will be in charge of her training until Thursday."

Rhonda smiled. "You mean Regina is going to be licking a lot of cunt, Domina?"

"Yes, and I'm sure you're the one to train her to do it properly."

"Damn straight," Rhonda laughed. "She'll be the best damn cunt licker I can make her, Domina."

"Her first cunt tomorrow will be Shasta's, for what she did at the poker game two weeks ago."

"I can hardly wait to start training her, Domina" Rhonda said. "Welcome to our home, Master Bill. May I get you some refreshments?"

"I wouldn't mind a scotch if you have one. Other than that, I'm certain I need to start taking advantage of my new slave, though since it's so late, most or our play may have to occur tomorrow morning."

Bill's phone rang and he answered. "Yes." He listened a few moments, then started laughing. "You know he's going to look at you much differently, don't you? How would you feel about him knowing everything about you?" Listening some more, briefly. "If Scott feels it's an appropriate use of his time, you're welcome to do as he wishes. Could you ask Scott if he minds my using Lisa while I'm here? I understand the restrictions; they were explained by Julia." Another lengthy pause. "Tell Scott thank you and good night. Good night to you as well, Evelyn."

"Did Evelyn need help, Master?" I asked.

"She wanted permission for something. She got it."

"Do you enjoy waking up to a blow job, Master?" I asked. "And how long do you wish to sleep?"

"A blow job is an excellent way to start the day and six hours of sleep is my usual nights sleep."

"Then you may consider your oral alarm clock to be set for six hours after we drain you tonight."

Bill laughed.

"If you wish, Master, I will orally pleasure Shasta while you accept your Master's rights of me, sir, then Rhonda will get you hard enough to fuck Shasta."

"Sounds like a plan."

Rhonda went to get Bill a scotch while I had Shasta lie on the bed and started licking her. William watched us awhile, enjoying one woman pleasuring another, accepting his scotch and sipping it, while Rhonda got him hard. Before he was sufficiently erect, I'd already given Shasta two orgasms. He got behind me and plunged into my cunt. I climaxed immediately, having been aroused all evening with very little relief and the thought of training Regina on my mind.

Bill had cum fairly frequently over the course of the evening, so he was able to fuck me for over fifteen minutes before he grunted and I felt him throbbing in my cunt. Both Shasta and I climaxed multiple times. She was as excited as I was. I continued licking her even after Bill pulled out, Lisa taking care of my cleaning and Rhonda his. He relaxed on the bed finishing his drink as he watched me pleasuring Shasta.

When his drink was gone, he leaned over and kissed Shasta, caressing her breasts. She eagerly returned his kisses, her billionaire friend. Bill eventually recovered and nudged me out of the way. He slid between Shasta's legs, licking her as I had until he gave her an orgasm, then sliding his cock up her cunt to their mutual moans.

Rhonda and Lisa pleasured each other beside them. Since I had nothing better to do at the moment, I fondled Bill's sack as he fucked Shasta. She was fucked for twenty minutes, her legs wrapped around his ass as he thrust over and over into her liquid treasure.

"I'm going to cum in you," Bill moaned, driving to finish.

"Please, Bill. I want you to cum in me," Shasta whimpered.

His body went rigid, his cock deep inside her, pulsing. I'm not sure how much cum he still had left, but Shasta received all of it. Their bodies quit trembling and Bill finally pulled out. I cleaned him and Rhonda cleaned Shasta. It was a crowded bed that night, five bodies in it, but Shasta and I were snuggled up to Bill and Lisa and Rhonda were curled up together so we had sufficient room. When we turned out the light, it was 1:30 AM. Plus six hours was 7:30, way before Regina was due to arrive. Plenty of time to wake him with a blow job. I set the alarm on my watch.

******

 

--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 62|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-62|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<em>William Thornhill takes over Regina for a week, turning her into his slave after stripping her. This chapter contains oral, anal, lesbian, public and interracial sex. It also contains public humiliation, group sex, and multiple partner sex. If you're not into those things, don't read any further. In this particular fantasy, STD's and COVID-19 don't exist. </em>

<strong>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 62 - Whore, Pt 1</strong>

SCOTT

As soon as we got in the limousine and told the driver to return to the hotel, Evelyn raised the privacy window.

"Would you like me to suck your cock, Master?"

"I've had enough cock sucking, Evelyn. I want to put my cock into your cunt and fuck you to a froth."

She smiled and said, "I would enjoy the same, sir."

She started to remove her dress. "I could fuck you in the dress," I said. "You're nude beneath it."

"This dress cost a couple thousand, sir. While Master can easily afford it, he prefers I take care of my things."

"Have you cum since the start of the poker game?" I asked.

"One of the twins played with my cunt until I climaxed while I gave him food, sir."

"We need to take care of that, don't we?"

"Please, Master."

"You may cum as often as you need to, slave."

"Thank you, sir."

She carefully folded her dress and set it aside and I motioned her into my lap. I spent several minutes just kissing and caressing her, fingering her to an orgasm before I leaned back on the seat and had her mount me. She rode me to four more orgasms, sliding up and down my shaft before I froze, pulsing, giving a deep groan, releasing deep in her cunt. She rode me through my final tremors, finally collapsing against my chest.

"We're here, Mrs. Thornhill," the drivers voice said over the intercom.

"Find somewhere to park, Robert. We're not done yet."

"Yes, ma'am."

"Where is here, anyway?"

"The Wyndham Garden, Fresno. Fresno doesn't really have any deluxe accommodations, so we've done the best we can. What they consider a suite is nothing more than a room with some seating in it. Three hundred, fifty square feet, smaller than my bedroom in New York, but we've made arrangements. Master is very good at making do."

Evelyn sank down and cleaned my cock and I turned her over on her back and did the same to her, lapping my cum from her pussy. Both clean, she put her dress back on.

"We're ready, Robert," Evelyn said in the intercom. "Drop us at the lobby, please?"

"Yes, ma'am."

"Have you ever fucked Robert, Evelyn?"

"No." She looked to me with wide eyes. "Are you suggesting I fuck him with you, sir?"

"Perhaps. What would your husband think?"

"I don't know, Master."

"Does he have a room here as well?"

"Yes, sir."

"Theoretically, everyone in the house may partake in your slave services. This is your house at the moment. I know what Bill would say about turning you loose on the entire hotel, but one other person?"

"Oh, God, sir, you're making me so fucking wet right now."

"Ask him."

I watched Evelyn dial her Master. She was rubbing her breasts as she waited for him to answer.

"Master, Scott was wondering if he could invite Robert to our room to join us. He said he is staying in our house at the moment and a slave should be prepared to serve anyone in the house." Evelyn listened to his response. "I know, Master. It's got me very aroused. I'm positively dripping." Another delay. "He wants to know if he may use Lisa while he's there," Evelyn said, "Julia explained the restrictions."

"He's welcome to sample all the treasures of the house."

"Scott says he's fine with it." A brief delay. "Thank you and good night, Master. I'll tell him." She hung up.

"He said if you feel it's an appropriate use of your time with me, we can invite him, sir. And he wishes you a good night."

"The good night is self evident considering the treasure I have," I said, kissing her. "Well, what do you want to do?"

"Would you be offended if I wanted him to join, Master?"

"Not at all. I know how slaves get. Tell him to come up to the room in about an hour. I want to fuck you once more by myself."

The limo was pulled up to the front of the hotel. Robert opened the door for us. He helped Evelyn out, holding the door for me to get out myself.

"Robert," Evelyn said, somewhat breathlessly I thought, "I'd like you to come up to our room in an hour."

"Ma'am?" It was almost midnight.

"I have one more errand for you tonight. My room in an hour."

"Yes, ma'am."

The trials and tribulations of the employees of the rich. I was sure Robert was used to doing many strange things at all hours of the day. Tonight's errand would certainly be a first for him.

We went up to the room and immediately removed our clothes.

Evelyn fell into my arms, saying, "God, fuck me, Master. I need to feel you inside me again. I'm so fucking horny."

"I'll fuck you, but you aren't allowed to cum."

"Master!" She protested.

"You heard me. On the bed now."

She got on the bed, her carefully coifed hair looking more disheveled now. Her lipstick smeared while cleaning my cock. I remembered Julia's lesson to Tony last week, the position that gave a woman the least amount of control. I put Evelyn on her back, put her legs over my arms and bent her backward, exposing her wet cunt for my cock, wide open. I slammed into her.

"Oh, fuck. I'm not going to make it. Please let me cum, sir."

"Sorry, not going to happen," I grunted, thrusting deep again. "What's the punishment if you cum without permission, slave?"

"Twenty-five swats, sir."

"My own slaves get thirty. I think you'll get thirty since you're mine tonight. I think Robert should give them to you. He looks big and strong."

"Ooohhh, please don't, Master. You're going to make me cum."

"I'm not making you cum, you're doing that all by yourself without permission. Think about something else other than my big cock sliding into your wet cunt, over and over, until I squirt my sperm deep inside you."

Of course, telling her to think of something else other than her fucking, made her think of her fucking. She was shaking.

"Please, oh, please, sir, let me cum, I'm begging you. I'm almost there."

"No dice, slave. You're not to cum under any circumstances."

She was silent, straining, I could detect the signs of her impending orgasm. She was doing what she could, but she wasn't going to make it. My cock kept sluicing far up her pussy, rubbing against her clit, her piercing, her g-spot. Just about every erogenous zone she possessed was under assault.

"Ungh, ungh, ungh," she moaned, with each thrust into her liquid core. I kissed her, driving harder. "Aaauuugggghhhhhh! Fuck! I'm cumming! I'm cumming. Oh, fuck me!"

The palpitations of her pussy almost made me cum despite our interlude in the limo, they were so strong. She was clinging to me as if I was in danger of floating away. I kept pounding hard and her orgasm dragged on. She didn't stop moaning for several minutes.

I kept driving, wide open for my thrusts, her knees up near her face, impossible to stop, slow, modify or alter, a cavalcade of cock piercing her cunt. Evelyn started whimpering again.

"Oh, please, sir, I'm going to cum again. Please, sir. I'm begging you. Please let me cum."

"If you can hold out until I orgasm, you can cum, otherwise you can't."

"How long before you cum, sir?"

"It could be three minutes, might be five. Who knows."

Evelyn moaned. Again, she tried to hold out, knowing she faced another punishment if she didn't. She was no more successful than she was the first time. She spasmed, whimpering low throated moans to enhance my pleasure. Another ten strokes and I climaxed myself, flooding her cunt a second time. I released her legs, allowing her to stretch out on the bed, and licking her pussy clean once again, before feeding her my own cock to clean.

"Take a fast shower, a rinse, before Robert gets here," I ordered. "You should be somewhat presentable for your employee. You smell like a slut. When you come back, bring your paddle."

"Yes, Master."

Evelyn padded into the bathroom and in ten minutes was back. Her hair was dry so she hadn't washed it, but her skin was still damp. I had her stand in the corner holding her paddle, facing the room, while we waited.

"When he knocks, you'll answer the door naked and let him in, then return to your corner while I discuss your situation with Robert."

"Yes, sir."

"Hold the paddle behind your back so you don't cover your cunt and spread your legs farther apart."

"Yes, Master."

"Good."

It was ten minutes before Robert knocked on the door. As far as I could tell, Evelyn was getting wetter with every minute, to the point it was leaking down her leg. She went to the door and invited him in, then went back to her corner and stood. Robert watched amazement as she let him in stark naked, then went back to her corner. I'm not sure he even saw me sitting on the bed.

"Robert," I said.

He finally looked at me, sitting naked in a chair across the room from Evelyn. He blinked twice, bringing himself into the present.

"Robert, are you familiar with the relationship which exists between your employer and his wife?"

"Somewhat," he replied, his eyes drifting back to the naked Evelyn in the corner.

"I think perhaps it should be clear. William is a Dominant Master. Evelyn is his submissive, a sex slave. It's the reason she's wearing his collar around her neck. Bill has decided to be more generous in sharing his slave's favors. This past evening, her services were sold to me until noon tomorrow. She's mine to fuck as if she were my own. Before exiting the limo, Evelyn contacted her Master and asked if you could be included in our fun. He said you could be. Whether or not you participate is up to you. You aren't being ordered to participate, nor will you be held accountable for fucking William's wife if you do. Your job is secure, no matter what you choose to do. Do you understand what I'm telling you?"

He tore his eyes off Evelyn again and looked at me. "I believe I do, sir."

"This offer is contingent on a couple different factors. One is that access to his slave can only be granted by William. You can never assume it will be granted at any other time past tonight. You should never speak to Mrs. Thornhill in a familiar way or touch her in any way you haven't previously been allowed. You must remain professional. Her body remains sacrosanct to William. You should never use this knowledge to smirk behind his back or otherwise make fun of your employer. You're being granted a great honor and you should treat it as such. Is this clear to you?"

"Yes, sir."

"Given those circumstances, do you wish to fuck Mrs. Thornhill?"

He looked back at her, naked in the corner.

"Yes, sir."

"Evelyn, come here. Display yourself for Robert."

She walked up to him and assumed the display position, legs apart, hands behind her head, chest out.

"Inspect her closely," I said. "Check out her slave piercings on her breasts and cunt. Touch them if you want. Pay close attention to Bill's ownership badge on her cunt. She's his and nobody else's. It's important you never forget that."

His hands went to her breasts, caressing her, his fingers moving over the piercing's on her nipples. Evelyn shivered under his touch. He pulled a foot stool in front of her and sat down, playing with the jewelry on her pussy. He saw the fluids running down her legs and wiped it with a finger, licking, tasting her.

"Master, I'm going to cum. Please sir, let me cum."

"You can cum, slave."

Evelyn shivered, her muscles tightening, flowing under her skin, her pussy pulsating with her orgasm. Robert inserted two fingers into her pussy, feeling the palpitations of her climax.

"She's going to be punished for cumming without permission twice. Thirty swats for each occurrence. I'm going to give her the first thirty with the paddle she's holding. If she doesn't cum from her spanking, she'll need to cum to make her feel better. You will fuck her to ease her pain, then you will give her the remaining thirty with your hand as you will be unused to using a paddle so should feel how hard you're striking her. When her punishment is complete, she's going to mount my cock and I want you to fuck her ass so you can feel the heat rising off it from her spanking. Does this sound acceptable to you."

"Fuck, yes!"

A definitive answer.

"You may want to remove your trousers, at least, Robert. They might get in the way of what you want to happen. Over my knee, slave," I ordered.

Robert was stripping off his clothes in a heart beat. He was already hard. He'd been eying the naked wife of his employer long enough and had time to consider what was about to happen. She handed me the paddle and she got over my knee on the edge of the bed. "Hands and feet on the floor, Evelyn. Keep count for me, promise to be more obedient."

"Yes, Master."

Swat. "One, I promise to obey you, sir."

Smack. "Two, I promise to obey you, sir."

One by one, I gave each of them to Evelyn, her bottom getting redder and redder, groaning under the weight of the paddle, still calling out each one and promising to obey me for each one, Robert's eyes glued to her naked ass. I finished.

"Kneel on the bed," I said. "Robert is going to fuck you now. You have my permission to cum."

As soon as Evelyn was situated on the bed, Robert was in her, thrusting. It took maybe three thrusts max before she was whimpering through an orgasm. Robert didn't last nearly as long as I had, but Evelyn was so primed, she still climaxed three times before Robert groaned and flooded her cunt. He had a lot more cum than I did by this time of the day. Evelyn turned and cleaned off his cock, sucking him clean and nearly into another erection. It would be hard again before he finished his half of the spanking. So would I. I handed Evelyn a towel as I wasn't up to sucking another man's cum from her cunt and I wasn't sure if he'd do it. This is where a second slave came in real handy.

"Robert, put Evelyn over your knee and give her the other thirty spankings. I want you to be aware of how red and sore her ass is right now and take it into consideration as you spank her. The point is not to abuse her, merely remind her she should be obedient."

"Yes, sir. Do I need to make her keep count."

"That's up to you. It's not a bad idea for the slave to keep count in case you're easily distracted by naked red asses."

Robert laughed. "You'd better keep track, Mrs. Thornhill. You have a very distracting ass."

His hand fell, her bottom bounced. "One."

Robert was careful. He moved his swats around her buttocks, never concentrating on just one or the same places. It didn't stop her from silently weeping and whimpering each time his hand landed. She'd already suffered through the paddle. Still she kept an accurate count. He reached thirty and left his hand on her, feeling the warmth emanating from her bottom. I got on the bed and told her to let Robert soak his cock in her cunt before she mounted me. He did just that and his shaft was soaked from her arousal and the number of times she'd cum.

Evelyn climbed over my hips and lowered herself over my prick, giving herself a couple of determined rides up and down until she climaxed, easing her pain. I spread her bottom and told Robert to be very gentle in penetrating her. He complied, pushing slowly through her puckered star, slowly filling the channel beside my own cock. He reached bottom and held still, Evelyn panting hard between us.

"Fuck me, Robert," Evelyn gasped. "Fill my ass with your cum."

Robert obeyed, still moving slowly until Evelyn said, "Faster, Harder. I'm a sex slave. Use me like the slut I am."

That's when Robert started plunging harder, using every inch of her cock in her bottom. Evelyn spasmed, melting against me as Robert fucked her ass. She was kissing me, plunging her tongue in my mouth, playing tag with mine, sliding up and down my shaft in counterpoint to Robert's thrusting. Three minutes later, she orgasmed again, clinging to my cock as she shivered through another. I could feel Robert's shaft beside me, the thinnest of walls separating our organs, sliding against the membranes keeping us apart.

"This feels so fucking good," Evelyn moaned. "So good. I'm going to cum again."

She did shortly, gasping, panting, unable to catch her breath. Robert suddenly froze, his prick pulsing beside mine, filling Evelyn's rectum with his cum. I expected him to pull out shortly, but apparently, the tightness of her sphincter and my cock thrusting beside his kept him from entirely losing his erection. Within a couple minutes, he was thrusting again. I wondered how often he might have looked at Evelyn in the past, imagining her naked, possibly fucking her, his fantasy now come true, first in her sweet cunt, now her ass. He was able to keep going past three more of Evelyn's, and my own orgasm, cumming a couple minutes after I inundated her pussy, still trembling within the confines of her sheath when I could feel his cock twitching again, especially since mine was now quiescent.

I grabbed the towel still lying on the bed and used it on me, then Evelyn, before passing it to Robert to wipe himself off. All three of us collapsed on the bed, breathing hard, our hearts pounding.

"Evelyn, thank Robert for your fucking."

"Thank you, Robert. I enjoyed my fucking immensely."

"Robert, if you constantly maintain the same level of professionalism you demonstrated to your employer previously, you might be lucky enough to do this again. If you abuse the trust placed in you, you may find yourself without a job. No matter what happened tonight, Evelyn is William's wife and his property. Just as you wouldn't think of betraying his trust by stealing his car, don't betray it with his most valuable possession."

"I understand, sir."

"William needs to be picked up from my house in time to return him here by noon. Do you recall where my house is? You were there at Christmas."

"I do, sir."

"You're free until the time you need to leave and pick him up."

"Yes, sir."

"Get a good night's sleep."

"I'll sleep like the dead, sir."

I laughed. "So will we."

He dressed and let himself out. I gathered up Evelyn and took her to the bathroom and showered with her, taking a little more time and ensuring she was sparkling clean before I dried her off.

"Thank you, Master," she said sleepily. "I had a wonderful time. I can't believe you included Robert in our sex. Now every time I ride with him, I'm going to think of his cock fucking my cunt or ass and this time with you."

"If you're going to fuck someone other than your Master, you might as well make it memorable."

"I doubt I'll forget it, sir."

She cuddled against me and we quickly fell asleep, exhausted.

******

It was two before we went to bed last night. It was past nine in the morning when I felt Evelyn sucking my cock. She saw me open my eyes.

"Master, please fuck me again."

I smiled at her. "Since you woke me up before I was ready, I'll fuck you, because I'm not going to waste this erection, but you're not to cum again until I do."

"Master, you're so mean."

It didn't stop her from swinging her leg over me and sinking over my shaft. She started bouncing up and down.

"Let's see, your regular fifty swat morning spanking and another thirty if you cum early; we're up to eighty and it's not even 10 AM. If you cum twice, you're over a hundred. It doesn't seem as if you care how many you get, as long as you cum."

"I'm so fucking crazy with lust right now, sir, I'd fuck a doorknob."

"Be careful what you say around me," I said. "My slave said she could fuck a cucumber and enjoy it, so I fucked her with a cucumber."

She stopped, looking down at me. "You're joking, Master."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"I'm not and there is a doorknob on the bathroom door. It looks a little fatter than you might be accustomed to, but if you want to fuck a doorknob, I'm your man. I install them for a living."

Evelyn started riding me again. "I don't want to fuck a doorknob, sir. It was a figure of speech."

"Don't say you'd fuck a fence post either. They can be really big and leave lots of splinters."

She started laughing, leaning down to lean against my chest. Since she was in the neighborhood, I palmed her boobs and pinched her nipples. She moaned. I thrust my hips a couple times to make up for her lack of movement, causing her to growl, "Oh, fuck!"

She rode me some more, going faster.

"You're going to cum, aren't you?"

"Probably, sir, I've tried resisting, but have proven incapable of maintaining control while I'm fucking you, so I'm just going to cum and take my medicine. Right now, I don't give a damn."

"I'll make a deal with you," I said. "When you ask for permission to cum, if you can hold out for just two more minutes, I won't punish you."

"Great! Permission to cum, sir."

"You have to do better than that. I want you on the precipice, hanging on by a thread."

"How do you know I'm not hanging by a threat now, sir?"

"How many times do you think I've seen my own slaves cum, dear."

She laughed. "A lot, I'd bet, Master. Fine. I'll wait until I'm dangling, then ask."

It didn't take long either. Another couple minutes of fucking and all the signs were there. "Permission to cum, Master."

"Starting countdown. I'll announce the last ten seconds. You can't stop moving though," I said, "you have to keep moving."

"Fuck! Fine. Have it your way." She braced her arms on my chest and kept bouncing up and down.

"How much time left now?" She panted.

"Another minute."

"Aughh! Felt like a fucking hour. I'm so close. I might not make it."

"You can do it. I have a lot of confidence in you."

"More than I have in myself. My muscles feel like they're starting to contract."

"10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1," I announced.

"Oh, fuck! Oh fuck! I'm cumming." She was frozen in place, her cunt clamping like a vise on my cock, massaging it in a velvet embrace. "It's beautiful, so good."

I waited until the tremors died before saying, "I lied. You had fifteen seconds left."

She stared at me, confounded I'd lie to her about something as important as an unpunished orgasm. I couldn't help it and broke into a grin.

"You fucking bastard. You almost spoiled it. I was still feeling aftershocks when you said that. Killed them, flat dead."

I pulled her down and kissed her. "You're beautiful when you're angry."

She got out of bed, grabbed the room service menu and threw it at me. "Order us something, sir. I'm starving. Preferably lots of protein."

"Come back to bed and I'll lick your cunt clean before you drip all over the floors."

"Fine, but I want another orgasm, no restrictions on cumming, Master."

"Done."

She climbed back on the bed, pulled her feet back to her butt and spread her legs. "Hurry, sir. I think you left quite a creampie in me."

"Yes. A nice juicy one, too, about to run out of your cunt."

I leaned forward and swiped my tongue up her cleft, gathering some already dribbling out.

"Mmm, Mmm, good," Evelyn said. "I'll give you an hour to stop that, sir."

I laughed and continued cleaning up after myself until I was sure I had most of it.

"What do you want, seriously, speaking about food now?"

"Three fried eggs, over easy, a half dozen slices of bacon, two slices of whole wheat toast, coffee, black, and orange juice, please, sir."

"You are hungry."

"I didn't eat a lot last night, Master. I was nervous, didn't know who I'd get sold to, hoping it wasn't Regina. She reminds me of who I used to be, which wasn't a nice person. I was hoping for you, Jerry or Chen."

"Your Master played the game so I'd win the last hand and put Regina nearly out of money. He didn't want you going to Regina either. I suppose he could have done it with one of the others if they'd had good cards that hand. Ended up being me."

I called our order in, ordering a three egg Spanish omelet with two pancakes for myself with OJ and Earl Gray tea.

"Should I make you answer the door naked?" I asked.

She shivered. "That sounds like the crazy sort of thing you'd do. What's the craziest thing you've ever had your slaves do that I might not be aware of, Master?"

"They've had to answer the door naked when a food delivery driver delivered food and they were the tip. They hiked nude on a somewhat secluded part of the Pacific Crest Trail, like the Appalachian, only on this side of the continent. It runs through Yosemite a few miles away. They had to fuck two guy hikers they met on the way, and we met Sarah on the trail, and they had to fuck her too. Both of them had to seduce sales girls helping them pick out clothes in a nice Department store. They had to get the clerk to allow them to lick her, and hopefully get licked back. That's how we met Jerry's slave, Reneé. She was the clerk Lisa seduced. They've both sucked my cock in a restaurant, although the tables have long table linens, so they were mostly hid. Didn't want to get arrested. Then there was a Memorial Day party and barbecue which was fairly similar to our bonding ceremony. What's the strangest things you've done."

"Well, I've been suspended naked from a mast on a ship, exposed to the whole fucking world, like a flag, just off a beach. I've had to wear a butt plug and vibrator on a public nude beach and made to cum dozens of times while people were constantly walking by. I too, sucked my Master's cock in a non- nude restaurant, and there were no long table cloths. Master just bought a bunch of the restaurant farther away from the other guests. It was a buffet style, but he paid $20,000 to them so they'd let us remain naked and ignore our indiscretions and wait on us. I was sucking his cock another time, on St. Barts, hidden primarily by the legs of the other people with us when supermodel, Gigi Hadid, came up to our table. We knew her from fashion week in New York and she came up and greeted us by name. I was so embarrassed to be caught under the table, I came off Master's cock just as he was cumming and got cum all over my face. She saw it. I was mortified.

"I can laugh about it now, but I wanted to sink into the ground at the time. She didn't seem to care, and I've never heard a whisper about it, but I was horrified all my rich friends in New York would hear about me sucking cocks under tables. The funny thing is, I'm not friends with most of them anymore. I doubt I'd even care now. A few times, during high finance negotiations, Master has had me disguised by a mask and had me wait on the other parties naked, or sucking his cock. It usually flusters them so much they make multimillion dollar mistakes."

"Those aren't bad. I'm impressed."

"Except for the financial negotiations, most of it happened before I even formally submitted. I was playing along, hoping he wouldn't divorce me for the unfaithful bitch I'd been. By the time it ended, I was ready for a collar.

"I'd like to say I've very much enjoyed any time I've spent with you and your slaves. You're all quite imaginative. It's led to some interesting and fun times. Two hours with you last night and I was fucking the chauffeur. I'm glad Master is allowing me more freedom. He would never have allowed Robert to fuck me two months ago. He wouldn't have allowed me to fuck you either, or sold me at a poker game. I think you've caused both Master and Sam to open up."

"Considering I couldn't open up either, that is a miracle. How do you feel about it?"

"You couldn't tell from last night? I couldn't wait to jump you when I got in the room."

"It doesn't bother you that you're doing now what used to piss him off?"

"No, Master. He deserved to be pissed off. I was a slut for no purpose. It's not like I enjoyed fucking anyone more than my husband. I was doing it for no reason, almost an act of self-hatred. Sam believed it was always because I was a slave at heart and was trying to force Master to take me over my knee and spank me. He might be right. This was perfect for me. Sam and Marcia made the distinction the few times they intentionally allowed each other to fuck outside their marriage of knowledge and consent. Having the knowledge and permission of your spouse before you fuck anyone else instead of sneaking around behind their back. I will never do that to my Master again. If he's willing and able to share me, I'll happily accept, but I won't be a whore fucking around behind his back. Doing it with his permission makes it more exciting and enjoyable."

There was a knock on the door; our breakfast. "What are you going to do?" I asked.

She smiled, answered the door naked, signing the check and letting him push the cart in. "Thank you, young man," she said, handing him a twenty, then escorting him out.

"Now you have to fuck me again, as soon as I'm done eating. I'm so fucking horny again."

I laughed. "After your morning spanking."

"Fine, that will just make me hornier."

"I want you sitting on my lap and I'm going to feed you."

I sat on the couch with the tray in front of us. As I fed her, I played with her. It took longer to eat, but it was a hell of a lot more fun. Two plates and three orgasms later, she was panting in my arms, the last of the food gone. I kissed her, then turned her over, bottoms up.

"Keep count, but you don't have to thank me."

Fifty hard swats, with my hand. Her pussy was leaking when I finished. I didn't even bother bringing her to the bed after, putting her on her knees by the couch and slamming into her.

She moaned, "Permission to cum, Master," panting.

"You can cum, slave, as much as you want."

Another hard thrust, feeling her cum, crying out softly. She orgasmed several times during our fucking, so aroused. Feeling my cock swell in her cunt, explode, a dam bursting, pulsing jet after jet into her hungry cunt. Pulling out, still damn near erect. Picking her up and throwing her on the bed. Eating my cum from her trembling cunt, feeling the hardness return to my prick. Flipping her over and penetrating her ass, hard. Her groan, her pleas to fuck her hard, bouncing off her bottom with each thrust. Time after time, drilling for oil. My back arching, abs tightened, cock throbbing, body frozen. Cum exploding forth; deep groans and soft moans the musical accompaniment to our rapture. Finally, pulling out, a bit of my cream, trailing out behind me.

I looked at her, legs splayed, one bent, hair in disarray, face and body flushed and sweaty, my cum leaking from her still reddened and gapping ass, her cunt wet with her own cum.

"Stay still. I'm taking a picture of you, just like this."

Her serene smile as I shot a half dozen, moving around her.

"Any time I don't think it's possible to get a hard on again; all I'll have to do is look at one of these."

She half turned, her nipples still swollen from need. "Two more. I swear." Taking two more. Setting my phone down.

"I can't return Bill's wife looking like this. It wouldn't be right. You look like you've been fucked half to death."

"Mmm, and it was some great fucking, too."

"Let's get you cleaned up before he gets here. Maybe straighten the bed a little so it doesn't look like it was trampled by a herd of elephants."

"It's not like he doesn't know what happened," Evelyn said.

"But I hate leaving the evidence around for him to find. His wife should be neat and clean, not leaking cum from her ass."

She laughed, saying she didn't want to move. I dragged her out of bed anyway, shoved her into the shower, handed her a half dozen bottles of stuff she had arrayed on the counter and told her to make herself presentable for her Master.

"Yes, sir." She saluted. I swatted her ass for her impertinence and she laughed again, turning on the shower.

I straightened the bed, then joined her in the shower, washing her, caressing her, until she gleamed. It was damn close to noon. I put on my clothes. The slave remained naked. At twelve, there was a knock on the door. Evelyn got up and answered it, clinging to her Master when he opened the door, blocking it.

"I love you, Master," she said. "You've made me very happy."

Bill hugging her, looking at me on the bed, actually dressed for the first time since I got there.

"I'm so glad you enjoyed it, darling, but you have to move. We're blocking the hallway."

Evelyn pulling her Master through the door, followed by Julia, Lisa, Rhonda, and Regina, on a leash, held by Julia. Regina wearing the bare minimum the law might allow around here.

"Kneel, Whore," Bill said, and Regina knelt on the floor, waiting. Rhonda closing the door behind them.

******

JULIA

Shasta and I woke up Bill with a blow job, taking turns polishing his knob until he flooded my mouth with his cum, swallowing. We all got up, me to fetch Lucas for his morning meal, Rhonda and Lisa to make breakfast. Shasta and Bill had a seat and chatted. Slaves waited on Dominants, not the other way around.

At precisely ten, our doorbell rang. Shasta got up to open the door. Regina was standing at the door, and she was wearing Bill's collar as instructed. She had on a simple dress. Ed and Rob were standing behind her. Shasta invited them all in and closed the door.

Bill got up, still naked. No one bothered to dress in our house. He moved over to Regina and ripped her dress off her, buttons flying everywhere. He dropped it to the floor. She was wearing an attractive set of bra and panties. That wouldn't last. Regina had tears running down her cheeks. Rob and Ed stirred restlessly, but remained calm and quiet.

"Please get me a knife, Shasta," William asked.

Shasta retrieved a knife from the kitchen. Bill sliced her undergarments off. They dropped to the floor.

"That cost $225, Master," Regina said.

"I dress my slave when it's appropriate. You'll own more expensive things when we're through."

"Yes, sir."

"I'm going to teach you the Display position. If you're given the order to Display, you will stand thus. Hands behind your neck, arms back, thrusting out your tits, your legs spread widely so your cunt is on display. Do it now."

Regina got into what she thought was the position, Bill kicking her feet wider apart than she thought. He walked around her, touching her again as he had last night, his hand drifting over her breasts, side, hips, bottom, even her cunt. Evelyn kept shivering. She wasn't bald. She kept a neatly trimmed cunt, but not a bare one. I suspected that would change too.

"As my slave, Regina, your body belongs to me. Every part of it. Your cunt, your ass, your mouth; all belong to me. Your fucking belongs to me. You will fuck someone if I tell you and you won't fuck someone if I refuse. Man or woman, you will fuck who I tell you to. You will suck cock, you'll lick cunt. Your orgasms belong to me. Whether you get to cum or not, is my decision. If you need to cum, you must ask for permission. If you don't ask for permission and cum, you'll be punished. If you ask for permission and I refuse it, and you cum anyway, you'll be punished. You will call me Master, or sir. You will address my wife as Madame. Are we perfectly clear on the status of your slavery, so far?"

"Yes, Master."

"Ed, Rob, good to see you again. Thank you for delivering my property. Your paramour will be returned to you at ten AM next Saturday morning, relatively unharmed, by whoever purchases her services for the night. Perhaps one of you will be the one to obtain her. She'll be very well trained by then."

Regina shivered again.

"I'll see you next Friday at seven. Where's the game being played this week, Lisa?"

"Our house, Master. I'm hosting."

"We'll see you here then. Thanks again for dropping her off. Shasta will see you out."

Shasta let the Strong twins out, then sat down to watch, smiling.

"I told you I would treat you the same as I do my own slave, Regina. Julia, what's one of the first things I do to my slave every morning?"

"She's spanked fifty times. You even reminded Master to do it for you this morning."

Bill was seating himself on the couch, his butt close to the edge, his legs out, knees bent.

"Exactly. My slave is punished every morning to remind her of the nasty bitch she used to be, but isn't anymore. You will drape yourself over my lap, Regina. I want your hands touching the floor and your feet touching the floor on the other side. Move and acknowledge my orders."

"Yes, Master."

Regina got over his lap as instructed.

"Normally, I have a slave count out her own punishment, but I want you to repeat something after me each time I swat you, so I'll have Shasta keep track instead. If your hands or feet come off the floor, the spanking will start again from the beginning, so you'd better keep them on the floor or this will become much more painful than it has to be. Are you ready?"

"Yes, sir."

Swat, "I will always obey my Master."

"Ow, that hurt," Regina said, rubbing her ass with her hand, already forgetting.

"And that one doesn't count, as you removed your hand from the floor. From the beginning."

Swat, "I will always obey my Master." Just as hard as the first.

Regina grunted, keeping her hands and feet on the floor, but not repeating.

"Regina, you must repeat what I say. Do we need to start again?"

"No, sir. I will always obey my Master."

Swat. "I'm a slave slut who deserves nothing better."

"I'm a slave slut who deserves nothing better." Crying some more.

Swat. "My Master owns me, body and soul."

"My Master owns me, body and soul."

And so it went. The first ten or so were still pretty hard and the statements were all about her slavery and her worthlessness. As he went along, the spanking became noticeably lighter and the content of the statements changed. Instead of dealing with her slavery and his Mastery, they became something else.

"It never hurts to treat someone with kindness." Swat. "Everyone is worthy of respect." Swat. "I can be a better person." Swat. "I can be a good girl." Swat. "Be nice." "Be kind." "Respect others." "Treat people fairly."

Regina was openly sobbing, and her responses were accompanied by sniffles and gasping. Eventually, Shasta called fifty. Bill lifted her up off his lap and bent her over the arm of the couch. Her pussy was wet. Bill slammed into her, fucking her hard until he climaxed, pumping his cum into her cunt. She'd climaxed twice herself, not yet having reached slave heat. I might have cum four or five times during the same fucking. She'd also neglected to ask for permission. So forgetful of the rules already.

"Stay there," he said. "Don't move until I tell you."

So there she stayed, his cum and hers running out of her cunt and down her legs, crying.

Lisa was setting the table, Rhonda putting the food on. Lucas had almost stopped drawing milk. I was patting his tiny back as he finished.

"Regina, don't move." She'd shifted her legs, trying to get more comfortable. She stopped.

"Have you eaten breakfast yet, Regina?" Bill asked.

"No, Master."

"Kind of foolish not to eat when you don't know what your day will bring."

"I was too scared to eat, sir."

"Doesn't my slave seem happy to you? Why were you scared?"

"I'm not your wife, and I don't know what to expect, Master."

"Well, pretty much what all of the other slaves expect. You can expect to be fucked, by men and women. You can expect to suck cock and lick cunt like every slave at the poker games. You can expect to be punished if you're disobedient and don't follow orders such as cumming without permission as you did twice while I fucked you. I normally apply twenty-five apiece for that infraction." Regina groaned. "You can expect to be tied, or blindfolded, or gagged. You can expect to undergo orgasm denial. You've seen most of this, Regina, and the slaves you've seen are happy, contented people, both the men and women. You're going to be happy and content as well when you've finished your week. You may not choose to remain a slave, but you will have enjoyed the experience."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"My ass is burning, sir. How do you expect me to be happy and content, knowing I'm to get fifty more, just like it?"

"You'll get the other fifty later. Your ass will be back to normal in another half hour. You'll hardly remember it. I actually went easy on you as you're not used to it yet. Evelyn is swatted much harder, sometimes with a paddle. You may now move. Since you haven't had breakfast, you may sit in my lap and I'll feed you. Did you make enough for Regina, Lisa?"

"Yes, sir. I thought there might be a chance she was too nervous to eat."

"Good thinking. Another plate, then. Come here, Regina."

Regina got off the couch and gingerly placed herself in Bill's lap. No one had cleaned either of them off, so I imagined she would be getting his lap messier, but he was unconcerned. He still hadn't showered this morning. Lisa put another plate of food down. William fed her and her appetite quickly got better. As he fed her, he caressed his slave, fondling her, and her nipples grew taut and puckered. When she was finished, his fingers went between her legs, sliding through the mess, making her squirm.

"Master, I need to cum," Regina gasped, remembering finally that she didn't own her own orgasms.

"Shasta, while you're with us, you have the final say in this slaves orgasms. Can she cum?"

"No, the bitch ain't done nothin' to deserved to cum. Maybe after she suck some cock or lick some cunt she can cum. Not now, though."

So she wasn't allowed to cum. She lay there, panting in his arms. The one thing he didn't do, as he'd played with her, was kiss her. It was a sign of affection he wasn't willing to give her.

"Master's often change their slaves names to show their possession, like a dog or cat. I think we should change Regina's name to denote my ownership. Does anyone have any suggestions?"

"Since you mentioned dogs and cats, sir," I said, "I could suggest Spot, or Rover, or perhaps Fluffy since she doesn't shave her cunt."

Regina cringed, thinking she might be named after an animal, like Fluffy.

"Or even, Pet," Rhonda said. "I understand lot's of Dominants enjoy calling their submissive Pet."

"That's not bad," Bill said. "Pet might be nice. Fluffy won't work, as she's going to get her cunt shaved, and I'm not fond of Baldy as a name. Anything else?"

"Mistress Dark frequently calls one of her slaves, Slut," Lisa said.

Regina cringed again. Slut was definitely worse than Fluffy or Pet.

"I wouldn't want to appropriate a name already taken, though Slut is nice."

"How about Whore?" Shasta said.

"Perfect," Bill said. "Whore it is." Regina groaned. "Lisa and Rhonda, please take Whore to a bathroom, scrub the cum off her and shave her bald."

"Yes, Master," Rhonda said. "Would you like her head shaved bald as well?"

"Please no, Master," Regina yelped. "Not that."

Bill paused as if he were considering shaving Regina's, pardon, Whore's, head bald. "No, it wouldn't grow back before next Saturday. I did tell the Strong's I'd return her relatively unharmed. Although she'd be unharmed, she wouldn't look the same. You can leave her head alone."

Whore, breathed a sigh of relief.

"Yes, sir. Come along, Whore," Lisa said. They led her to the bathroom.

Since he'd sent Lisa and Rhonda off and I was still feeding Lucas, solid food now, Shasta and Bill cleaned the kitchen. By the time Rhonda and Lisa were done, pushing Whore in front of them, we were all seated in the living room. Bill told her to display again, then inspected their handiwork.

"Nice job, ladies. Whore feels as smooth as a billiard ball." Whore moaned when her new Master ran his fingers through her newly bald slit.

"I left Whore's cuffs at the hotel," Bill said. "I guess I thought I'd be able to pick them up later. You wouldn't happen to have a spare set, would you?"

"Yes, Master," I said. "I have a training set I used for Janet before she was claimed by Chen."

"Lisa, would you please get those for me, plus a leash and something suitable for a slave to wear out to dinner."

"Yes, sir. I'm sure we have something which will fit her. She's close to my size." Lisa went to the bedroom.

"Excellent. I'm so looking forward to today. The first day of your slavery, Whore. A day you'll remember forever."

Since she'd been told nothing different, Whore remained on display. She was becoming wet again. Was it her Master's earlier fondling, or her display, or was she coming to the realization she wasn't much different than we were. I'd ask her some day.

Lisa returned with the cuffs, an outfit of some kind, it looked like one of the more transparent white ones, a leash and she'd also brought The Enforcer.

She handed the cuffs to Bill and he put them on himself, fastening the ones on her ankles, slurping up her wet cunt when he was done, making Whore gasp, then going behind her and putting them on her wrists, still behind her head. He was getting hard again and he stood behind Regina when he was done, letting her feel his erection, while stroking her breasts.

"Whore seems aroused to me, Shasta. Does she seem aroused to you?" Bill asked.

"Hell, yes. Her pussy juice running down her leg again."

"I just cleaned it up a moment ago," Bill said, laughing, "Again?"

"Yes, Bill. I think you picked exactly the right name for her. She definitely a Whore."

Whore blushed.

He fastened the leash to her collar, making her blush harder and tremble, whether from anger or some other emotion, I couldn't say. She didn't speak. Bill handed the end of the leash to Shasta.

"She's all yours, Shasta."

"Wait a minute, sir. I lost the game to you, not Shasta. I'm your slave, not hers. You can't pass me off to her."

"I'm not. You remain my slave, but I've never trained a slave, Sam trained mine. Shasta has trained a slave, so has Julia. I'm putting them in charge of your training. You will call Shasta Mistress and Julia Domina while they train you. When they feel you're sufficiently trained. I'll take over."

Whore looked horrified. At least she'd thought she was submitting to a man. Turning her over to Shasta might be the worst thing which could happen to her. Tears flowed down her cheeks again, though it was the only sign of her distress.

"I think we need to start with Whore's cunt licking training," Shasta said. "She probably don't need as much dick sucking training. After all, she live with them Strong boys. Rhonda, please demonstrate how Whore needs to lick pussy by licking your Domina. After you've shown her, she can start licking me, then Lisa, then Julia, and finally you. I see Lisa brought a paddle to the party, so when she starts licking me, if I signal she not doing a sufficient job, whack her a few times. By the time she gets back to you, she shouldn't require more strapping, unless she be a real stupid Whore."

I handed Lucas to Lisa. "He's ready for a nap, love, but he will need a diaper change first." I stroked both their heads.

Lisa kissed me and took him to the nursery. I sat down on the couch and spread my legs for my slave. Rhonda knelt between them.

"Get over here, Whore, and pay attention. I don't want to repeat myself," Rhonda said.

Shasta tugged on the leash, dragging her closer.

Rhonda did a very nice job of explaining and demonstrating how to be a proper pussy pleaser. By the time our demonstration was over, I'd climaxed three times.

"Now me," Shasta said, tugging the leash and pulling Whore's face down to her moist pussy. "You practice what Rhonda teach, you be a prime pussy licker. That woman is good."

Whore began. Shasta waved her hand after half a minute and Rhonda, whacked her bottom with the Enforcer, making her jump.

"You can do better, Whore. I don't think your heart is in it. Get busy."

She received five more swats before Shasta was satisfied with her progress. Finally, Shasta climaxed, holding Whore's head in her crotch, rubbing her face in her cunt as she orgasmed. "Again, two apiece."

William was sitting in one of the easy chairs. His cock was hard and he needed relief. I was ready to suck him when another thought occurred to me.

"Put some cum in my cunt before Whore licks me again."

Bill smiled and nodded and I climbed over his cock. We enjoyed a very sweet and tender fucking, lots of kissing and stroking. He caressed my breasts, rubbed my bottom, held my waist as I raised and lowered myself over his shaft. I climaxed four more times before he grabbed me, held me plastered to his groin and pulsed a load into my pussy. The first time in a week. Lisa was getting all of Master's cum at the moment. I smiled at him as I cleaned his cock. It sounded as if Lisa was close to cumming the second time and it would be my turn again.

I sat on the couch, holding my legs together, trying not to lose any of his cream before Whore started. Lisa finished up and Whore moved to me. I spread my legs and Bill's cum started leaking out. Regina looked at it, looked in my face. I waved my hand and Rhonda whacked her. She still looked at me, so Rhonda whacked her again. Rhonda had to swat her two more times before Whore started licking my cunt, the liquid flowing profusely from my twat.

As Whore licked, I told her, "Slaves must clean up after themselves or others. We don't want to be doing laundry when we could be fucking. You will clean your Master's cock, another slave's cunt or ass so no one has to wash bedding all the time. There's no difference between sucking your Master's cum from his cock or sucking it from my cunt. It's just as warm, just mixed with a little cum of my own to alter the taste. It should be slightly sweeter and less salty than his cum alone. You can even suck down there a little to get more of it out of me. When I cum, you'll get more as it gets squeezed out of my pussy when I climax. When he fucks you, someone else will be licking it out of your cunt, so don't be so fucking squeamish."

I leaned back and enjoyed the thought of Regina King licking my pussy. I don't know how many times I'd licked hers since inviting her over to convince her to let her ex-husband, Ron, play poker with us, with nary an orgasm in return. By the time this week was over, I'd have gotten some of my own back. I orgasmed, gasping, pleased with her progress thus far, releasing more of Bill's cum for her to lick up. It wasn't long before I got the second one, holding her head as she lapped my liquid folds.

It was Rhonda's turn and she took my place and I held The Enforcer in case it was needed. It wasn't. Rhonda was satisfied with the progress of her student.

"You'll get better," Rhonda said, patting Whore's head when she was finished. "Practice makes perfect, but you've gotten a good start."

"Robert should be coming to get me, shortly," William said. "I'm going to take you all out to dinner tonight. Please shower and dress in the appropriate finery. Take the new slave with you. Her face is a mess. Unless you'd like to wear their cum on your face, Whore. Would you?"

"No, Master."

"Excellent. Julia could you give me a moment of your time before you shower?"

"Yes, sir. Would you like a blow job?"

"Perhaps later. I have something more prosaic in mind. What's the best restaurant in town?"

"The most expensive or the best reviewed, sir?"

"The most expensive, then what you consider your favorite."

"Ruth Chris Steakhouse is probably the most expensive of the good restaurants, sir, but I consider Trelio's one of our favorites. We like Luigi's for Italian." I smiled. "We like the waitress and the decor. Long white tablecloths a slave can get under and a waitress who will ignore any misdeeds if she happens to catch us. She was at our bonding ceremony."

"Ruth Chris is everywhere, and I'd prefer to do without the long tablecloths. I think cock sucking should be done in the open, don't you?"

"If I'm not going to be arrested, yes, Master," smiling, thinking of Whore sucking cocks at a restaurant.

"Trelio's then. Do you have their number?"

"I can get it for you, Master."

While I looked it up, Bill asked Shasta if she could dine with us tonight.

"I should get back to my Momma and baby, Bill. My slave is probably feeling neglected at the moment. Some other time perhaps."

"Then it should be seven for dinner then, right. Five here, and two at the hotel?"

The doorbell rang. I wasn't expecting anyone. I went to check who it was and saw Chen and Janet outside. I let them in.

"Oh wonderful. You're still here, Bill." Chen handed Bill back the opened envelope he'd received last night. "We can't accept this. It's too much."

"We appreciate it ever so much, Master William, but $20,000 is far too substantial a gift for us to accept," Janet protested.

"Is it just this group of people, or is everyone in Fresno this allergic to money," Bill said. "Shasta, what do I say in situations like this?"

"Let's see. Something like, 'I make more fucking money than this every day. What am I going to do, take it with me when I die?' Or 'it's just fucking money, I'd rather give it to you than some ingrate who won't appreciate it or the damn tax man.' Or perhaps, "Fuck you, just take the damn money.' Something like that I reckon."

"Exactly, like all three of those things. I don't need it. It gives me pleasure to do something worthwhile for nice people. Are you trying to reduce the pleasure I receive in life by doing good things for good people?"

"It's not my intent," laughed Chen, "but $20,000. It's a huge amount of money."

"I'm probably going to spend that amount on dinner tonight. It's not a huge amount to me. In fact, why don't both of you join us for dinner?"

"Are you flying us first class to Paris? I can't imagine anyplace in Fresno costing that much unless you're buying dinner for 200 people," Chen said.

"No, Trelio's, here in town and you'll make nine of us."

"$20,000 at Trelio's for nine. Sure, we'll join you and if you spend $20,000 at Trelio's, I'll accept this check with many thanks."

"Watch. Where's that number Julia?"

I handed it to him, wondering how he could spend that amount at Trelio's myself. Maybe some expensive wine?

He dialed the number and waited while it went through. "Yes, hello. My name is William Thornhill and I'd like to book your entire restaurant for the evening." Pause, "I'm sure you would have some reservations already. Your restaurant comes highly recommended. I suggest you cancel them as you're about to engage in a very profitable venture." Another pause. "You could tell them the health department closed you down, but I'm sure it would affect your business in the future, so why don't you make the excuse that you've found a gas leak and it's going to be repaired and you'll be ready for business tomorrow and offer them a free meal if they make reservations for another night. I'll pay for it. Now, how much will that cost me before I order food or drink?" Another long pause.

I was sure two or three heads were getting together to figure out what to ask. "That's doable. I'll be having nine for dinner. I'd like at least five waiters serving us, a wine steward, plus however many you need in the kitchen to serve whatever we want to order. You can add a 20% tip to the food and drink bill for whoever stays." More silence. Why so many waiters for one table? Now I knew how he was going to spend 20 grand. We all did. "One more thing. Several of the women attending will be nude, so you need to make sure the drapes are drawn or something is covering every pane of glass, and the security cameras will be turned off for the duration of our visit. Any questions?" More silence. "We'll be there at seven. We should be gone by eleven. Thank you for your assistance."

Bill ended the call. "Fifty thousand and we haven't even ordered dinner yet."

"Thanks so much for this money, sir," Janet said. "We really appreciate your generosity."

Chen laughed, "Many thanks, Bill. If I hadn't seen it for myself, I wouldn't have believed it. Do we show up at the restaurant at seven?"

"I'll pick you up in the limo at 6:30. Coat and tie for the gentlemen, substantially less for the women. My two slaves will be naked for supper. The rest of them may wear whatever their Master's wish."

I suddenly realized why so many waiters. Bill was displaying his slaves in public, sort of, and wanted as many people as possible to see them.

"I almost wish I hadn't declined the invitation to dinner, Bill," Shasta said. "It sounds as if you're going to have a lot of fun."

It did to me, too. I felt myself melting again. Naked in front of several strangers. I wondered if Master would agree to bare his slaves?

"We'll be ready," Chen said.

The other three came out of the bedroom having showered and cleaned up. Whore saw Chen and Janet and tried to cover herself. She didn't know she was going to be naked at dinner tonight. Chen was nothing in comparison. Bill noticed her attempt to hide herself.

"Display, Whore," he said. She slowly assumed the position.

"Chen, Janet, I'd like to introduce you to Whore, my new slave. The dinner tonight is in her honor. I decided to rename her while she's my slave."

"Whore," Janet said, "pleased to meet you." Another person who'd licked a lot of Regina pussy with nothing in return.

"Bill," Chen said, "Do you mind if I inspect your new slave?"

"Feel free," Bill replied. "She's already started cunt licking training. Perhaps Janet would enjoy partaking of her new skills later?"

"I'm sure she would," Chen said, moving closer to the slave. His hands wandered, Whore shivering under his touch. It was several minutes before his fingers found her cunt. "I see you've shaved Whore. I like a bald pussy too. So much nicer to lick."

He shoved three fingers up her cunt, making her jump. "Wet, just like a slave. Didn't take long, did it."

Chen put his fingers in her mouth and told her to lick them clean. Whore blushed again, but did as she was told.

"Not too long," Bill agreed. "She was already fairly wet by the time I ripped off her dress and cut off her underwear. She was soaking after she had her spanking."

Lisa noticed my juices starting to leak down my leg. "Why are you so wet?" She whispered.

"We're going to dinner tonight." She looked at me oddly. "You'll see. I don't want to spoil the surprise."

******

We were all ready by the time Bill's driver came to pick us up at 11:30. I was wearing a short black dress with panels covering my bare breasts and a scooped back exposing the top of the crease on my ass. The dress was just long enough to cover Master's emblems dangling from my cunt, though I'd considered finding something short enough they would show. Lisa was wearing a red, bias cut dress, knee length on one side and half thigh length on the other. The top half was transparent red netting except for some appliqué over her breasts, though it still exposed most of her tits. Rhonda was in white, opaque, but so slinky and thin, her nipples popped from the fabric, like it wasn't solid. Whore was in the white outfit Lisa had picked out. Very short, maybe an inch or two covering her twat. When she got in and out of the limo, or even sat down, everything would be exposed. The top was loose and translucent and if you couldn't see her breasts swinging below the fabric or her brown areolae, you were blind. We all looked eminently fuckable.

I'd also packed one of Master's suits, both Slave Trainers and other items Bill said might be required this evening.

We got to the hotel by 11:50, but William made us wait until it was almost twelve. He said he'd given Master until noon and he wasn't going to shortchange him by a single second.

We knocked on the door at noon, and Evelyn opened it, naked, but clean. They'd stopped fucking at least long enough for her to shower.

Evelyn got up in her Master's face, holding him tightly.

"I love you, Master," she said. "You've made me very happy."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
Bill hugged her, saw Master on the bed, dressed.

"I'm so glad you enjoyed it, darling, but you have to move. We're blocking the hallway."

Evelyn tugged Bill through the door, and the rest of us followed, me pulling Regina, on a leash. Rhonda and Lisa carrying the things we'd brought with us, including the garment bag holding Master's suit.

"Kneel, Whore," Bill said, and Regina knelt on the floor, waiting, her skirt riding up to expose her cunt which Master appreciated. Rhonda closed the door behind us.

"Hands behind your head," Bill said, "spread your knees apart. Show Scott your pretty pussy. This is the way you will always kneel when I tell you to."

Whore blushed again, but did as she was told.

"Robert, be back here at six to pick us up."

"Yes, sir."

"You slaves should strip and save your finery for later," Bill said.

Of course, our clothes were off in a trice, not needing to be told twice. Whore was a little slower as she had to stand up to strip down, then she resumed her position on the floor.

"What's happening later?" Master asked. "Why dressed so nice?"

"We're eating at Trelio's, Master. Master Bill is paying for all of us, Chen and Janet too. You'll be impressed."

"We've eaten at Trelio's before," Master said.

"Not like this, sir, believe me."

Nobody currently in the room except for Bill and I, knew what was going to happen.

"We have reservations at seven. If you need anything before then, order from the room service menu."

"It's too bad we didn't bring swimsuits," I said. "They have a nice indoor pool and spa at this hotel."

"Hmm. I might be able to do something about that. Let me check with the front desk."

Bill left. Was he going to buy suits for all of us? Then I thought about his call to the restaurant. I hoped he wasn't going to buy the whole swimming pool.

I dropped Whore's leash and while I leapt on Master and kissed him frantically, thanking him for selling me to Bill, the rest of them were chatting except for Whore, still kneeling on the floor. Bill came back about twenty minutes later with bathrobes for all of us. He started taking off his clothes, asking Master to do the same.

After they were stripped, he handed us each a robe. "Put these on and follow me. Evelyn, please grab the room service menu."

We donned our robes and followed him downstairs. Since Whore was still leashed, I led her through the hotel. The door to the hot tub was marked 'Out of Order'. Bill went inside anyway, using a key.

"The sign's just to keep anyone from disturbing us," he said, taking off his robe.

"How much did you pay to get us the hot tub, Master?" Evelyn asked, taking off her robe, the rest of us following suit, starting to get in the tub. We all got in and Bill turned it on.

"Only two grand," he said. "Cheap at the price. Whore, it's time for you to work on your cock sucking. You have two cocks and I assume some experience, though you weren't very good last night. You need to suck cock like a slave, because you are one. You start with Scott. No matter what happens, you aren't to stop sucking his cock, upon pain of punishment, twenty-five more swats for disobedience. It's important to concentrate on what's in front of you. Scott, sit on the edge of the tub. Whore, to the edge and start sucking. You may begin."

Master sat on the edge of the spa and Whore lifted his limp prick and began sucking. She did okay, until he started getting hard. When he was about half hard, she started struggling getting all of him inside her mouth. Eventually, she was only sucking the top half of his cock. I went beside her.

"I will be responsible for your training, Whore. We definitely need to work on your cock sucking. You won't be adequate until you can do this."

I grabbed her hair and pulled her off Master's prick, then sucked him to the back of my throat, bobbing up and down a couple times, then releasing him and pushing her head back onto his prick. "Now you suck."

She tried again, with little more success. I put my lips at her ears, whispering. "When he's at the back of your throat and you feel you can't go any further without gagging, swallow and go down a little more, swallow again, and keep swallowing. Swallow more, swallow harder. That's the trick. Down you go, now swallow. A little more, back up, grab a deep breath, back down, swallow twice; get more of him down. That's another inch right there. Better Whore. Another breath, take more of him this time. Swallow, swallow, swallow. One more inch and you've got it."

I kept encouraging her and five minutes later, she finally got all of Master down. The rest she could learn later, the seduction, the tiny things to please a man. At least she had all of his cock down her throat. The door to the room opened and a porter came in.

"Can I take your drink orders, please."

I suddenly realized this was a mini-Trelio's moment. Naked slaves serving their Masters in front of others. He was preparing Whore for what was to come later. Whore started to pull off Master, sputtering, realizing she was now sucking cock in a public place with an employee watching. I pushed her head back down not allowing her to leave his prick. The rest of them were under the clear water, but the tops of both Whore and I were quite visible, as was Master, though his cock was covered by Whore's head.

"Keep sucking. Your Master told you not to stop sucking his cock under any circumstances or you'll be punished. He's not given you permission to stop."

I made sure Whore was going to keep sucking as the others gave their orders. Master was showing signs of his impending orgasm, thrusting lightly, his hand resting on her head. I too was exposed in a public place and wished it was me sucking Master's cock in front of this stranger.

"Unghh, unghh," he groaned, releasing, his cum flooding her mouth, choking her.

"Swallow, whore," I whispered. "Never waste a drop of a Master's cum."

She was swallowing, desperately trying to keep up with Master's flood of cum.

The bellhop, wide eyed, asked me, "What would you like, Miss?"

The water was only up to my waist as I was standing beside Whore. He was trying not to stare at my breasts, nor the gulping slave beside me, with little success.

"I'll have a lime margarita, please, salt on the rim. Get her the same," pointing to Whore.

Whore sometimes drank them on poker nights, and the salted rim might meld well with Master's cum.

"And you, sir?" The bellhop asked. "What would you like?"

Master was just finishing his orgasm, still moaning slightly.

"I'll have a whiskey sour, please, thank you," hips still thrusting.

"Very good, sir, I'll be back with your drinks shortly."

He left, locking the door behind him. I finally let Whore release Master, his orgasm over.

"You almost blew it, Whore," William said. "Your punishment for disobedience is going to take place at Trelio's tonight."

"Master," Whore panicked, "it's a public place. People will be watching; strangers, strangers will be watching, even people I know and associate with go to Trelio's."

"Then it behooves you to remain obedient, doesn't it?"

"Yes, sir."

"Now me. It's time to suck my cock. Don't stop for any reason. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Master." She'd be sucking another cock when the porter returned with our drinks.

William sat up on the edge of the spa and Whore started sucking. She did much better this time. It appeared she didn't require further assistance from me. I joined Master, now in the water.

"Scott, I was meaning to ask you, did you include my chauffeur in your activities last night?"

"We did. I thought you'd granted your permission. Did your slave lie?"

"No, she didn't," Bill said, ruffling her hair. "I just thought Robert would be a bit more awkward today. I thought it might be possible I'd end up having to fire him."

"Yes. I knew it might create some difficult moments. Before we started, I told him it was very important to maintain his professionalism. That if he didn't, it might result in misfortune. I showed him your badge on your slave and said Evelyn was your property and her use was totally your prerogative and he was never to assume this little episode would ever be repeated. He was to treat your slave better than he did your car, as she was by far the more valuable property."

William had an erection now which Whore was doing her best to relieve. I think she hoped she'd be done before the porter returned.

"Thanks for that. He couldn't have been more professional this morning. Evelyn, did you enjoy fucking Robert last night?"

"Yes, Master."

"Perhaps Whore should fuck him today," he mused. "I could reward him for his discretion."

Our drinks arrived. Two porters, one carrying the tray, the other to unlock the door. Or perhaps the first just told a buddy he had to see what was going on in the spa. They distributed the drinks to the appropriate parties. The porter giving William his drink, asked what he should do with drink for the lady who was occupied.

"I'll hold it," he said, "I'm nearly finished."

He was finished. Whore was gulping his cum down and Bill was savoring her attentions to his spurting prick. Having served the drinks, the porter asked if we were ready to order our food. Whore finally finished with her Master and sank into the water beside him.

We passed around the menu and started ordering sandwiches from it. Since we were going out tonight, I didn't want to overeat now. I ordered a small chef's salad. Bill and Master both ordered cheeseburgers.

"Have you had enough nourishment, Whore, or would you like a sandwich to go with your cum?" Bill asked, once again calling attention to her and what she'd been doing.

"I'll have a BLT, sir," she mumbled.

The porter didn't hear, but Bill repeated it for her.

"Very good, sir. We should have your food in roughly half an hour."

"Thank you. Please bill my suite," and gave him the room number.

We sipped our drinks, chatting, talking about this and that. Master inquired about the extent of Whore's training this far.

"Mostly just working on her cunt licking skills, Master."

"In fact," Bill said. "She should be practicing her skills again. Whore, please start licking cunts again. Start with my wife and since she needs to catch up with the others, give her four orgasms, then two apiece for the others."

As the rest of us chatted, one at a time, a slave would sit on the edge of the spa and Whore would pleasure them. She was pleasuring me when our food arrived, three porters this time. I proudly sat there with my legs spread and made the appropriate noises as I climaxed. I was the second to last and Whore's face was well covered with cum, seven orgasms and counting. Whore had resigned herself to being used publicly. She barely looked up when they entered, noticing only a third person was present as she lapped at my cunt. I think she felt her face wasn't visible if it was buried between someone's thighs. They left the food on the tray stands to get as we wished and left. I had my second orgasm as they were preparing to leave and I called attention to it.

"I'm cumming," I moaned. "Lick my cunt, Whore. Good girl. I'm cumming. You're getting much better at this than you were this morning."

They paused a moment to watch, smirking, as only young men can. I smiled at them, giving them a thumbs up. They laughed and left. Whore moved on to Lisa, the last slave she had to service.

"Why did you decide to name your slave, Whore?" Master asked, getting his own burger and handing Bill his.

"Regina could not possibly be a slave's name," Bill said. "It stands for queen in Latin. Slaves can't be named queen. It's an oxymoron. We were thinking of appropriate names for a slave and Pet was mentioned, which did sound good. Lisa said Mistress Dark named one of her slaves, Slut. A good name, but sounded confusing, sharing the same name, so Shasta suggested Whore. It stuck, so Whore she is."

"It's quite amusing," Master said. "When this first began and it was determined we would be having sex with other people, we decided that I would only have sex with other slaves, like my own. Regina seemed upset I couldn't have sex with her since she wasn't a slave. When I started having sex with non-slaves, such as Shasta, she offered to sell her cunt in the same manner as Shasta did to have sex with some of the other poker players, including myself. Now, she is a slave and doesn't need to offer herself. You get to decide who she fucks."

"Yes, and she will be fucking lots of people. Slaves should be used and used frequently," Bill said. "So Whore will be a very good name."

"Master," Whore said, "I was told I would not be subjected to anything your other slave was not subjected to."

"That's true, Whore, so when you wear a leash into the restaurant tonight, she'll be wearing a leash. She was sold to someone else last night. You'll be sold to someone next week. She fucked the chauffeur, you'll fuck the chauffeur. You won't be treated differently than my other slave."

"Yes, Master." No relief there.

Poor Whore. Two weeks ago, she probably wouldn't be fucking anyone other than her Master. Her Master had now opened the gates for his slave to fuck other men. I suspected Whore was now going to be fucking a lot of other men, perhaps even in public if today was any indication. I think she knew it too. She looked quite dejected.

I crossed the spa and pulled her into my arms, kissing her, surprising her. My lips lingered on hers, pressing against her, my hand reaching between her legs. Whore hadn't been allowed to cum since breakfast. Being a slave wasn't all sucking cocks and licking cunts. Under my incessant pressure, her lips parted under mine and our tongues entangled, danced. She gasped when I found her magic button, rubbing two fingers on either side of it. I kept it up until she moaned for me, thrusting her hips against my questing hand, surrendering to her pleasure.

"Don't fight it, slave," I whispered, kissing her ear. "For the first time in your life, you don't need to conform to other peoples expectations. You can be a whore and no one will give a shit. Your Master expects it, and the rest of us slaves understand it. You can be a bad girl and no one will care."

She looked at me. "Is this what it is for you, Domina?" She whispered.

"Exactly like this. When you were sucking Master's cock and the porter came in, I wished to be the one sucking his cock. I'm proud of my slavery. To have someone witness my love and adoration to my Master makes me wet inside. When I was at Brianna's last week, my Master bent me across the supper table and fucked me in front of everyone. I was proud my Master was willing to show how much he enjoyed his slave by fucking me in public. If he could fuck me on the streets of Fresno without us being arrested, I'd spread my legs in the middle of town square. I'm a slut slave. I know that now. Surrender and you'll enjoy it so much more."

I kissed her again. This time her lips willingly parted for mine, the kiss soft and feminine. I released her and went back to my Master. Whore watched me. I kissed him, whimpering when he caressed my breasts, my throbbing nipples.

"What did you tell her?" Master asked, his hand rubbing my ass.

"I told her to quit fighting her slavery and surrender to it. She'd enjoy this week more if she did."

"Good advice," Master said, "from one slave to another."

We stayed at the spa until around four, William having his new slave suck his cock one more time before we left. He told us to leave the empty dishes and glasses on the trays. Someone would be buy to pick them up later. We put on our robes and went back to his room. We took showers two by two to wash off the chlorine. I showered with Whore, soaping her up, even giving her another orgasm after we'd rinsed. She was clinging to me as she climaxed, gasping softly in my arms.

"You need to learn to return pleasure for pleasure," I whispered, "though others are waiting for the shower, so I'll delay your reciprocation."

"Yes, Domina."

Evelyn had some nice products to moisturize after showers. One went on our wet skin and was allowed to air dry. It left my skin feeling soft and silky. I showed Master the suit we'd brought him for our dinner tonight. He thanked me. He asked me if I wanted to suck his cock.

"Nothing would give me more pleasure, Master, but I think you may want to save yourself for later. Master Bill has some surprises in store tonight. I'm the only one who knows what they are, but I think you'll be pleasantly surprised."

Master smiled. "You intrigue me."

"Yes, sir."

We were all dressed when Robert came to the room to collect us. Evelyn was wearing a floor length green gown with high slits up the side, nearly to her waist, and another slit down the middle of her chest. Her breasts flowing freely under the thin material like mine and Rhonda's.

"I saw you speaking to Whore earlier," Bill said. "Do you think she'll need to wear a Slave Trainer?"

"I think it's never a bad thing for a slave to wear a Slave Trainer when they're being trained, sir. It reinforces the notion that her orgasms don't belong to her; they belong to you."

He smiled. "Then you should help put one on her, and make sure we bring the other one and the chargers tonight."

"Yes, sir," I smiled back.

"What's this thing?" Whore asked as I helped her put it on.

"It's called a Slave Trainer. New slaves frequently have to wear them."

She didn't fight it; she didn't know. I asked Master to control it since Bill didn't have the app on his phone. He smiled and turned it on. Whore jumped, feeling the vibrations start, thinking she might be cumming soon. Poor slave. That certainly wasn't going to happen.

We all went down to the limousine, following Robert. Since I knew he'd fucked Evelyn, I watched him closely to see if I could detect signs of their carnal knowledge. Robert seemed to be the consummate professional. I couldn't detect a scintilla of evidence he'd had his cock in Evelyn's cunt. Even when she smiled and thanked him for helping her into the car, he maintained his stiff demeanor.

"You're welcome, Mrs. Thornhill."

He was the same with the rest of us, despite our sexy attire. We could have been dressed in parkas for all the attention he paid us.

Since Chen's was on the way to Trelio's, it was easy enough to pick them up on our way. Chen was dapperly dressed. It's hard to find maternity clothes most slaves would find sexy, Janet didn't quite have the sophistication and daring or our attire, but she still looked nice. I kissed her when Chen and Robert helped her to get in the car.

"It will be so nice when I deliver," Janet muttered.

"I felt the same at this stage of my pregnancy. I felt fat, ugly and ungainly. I was surprised anyone wanted to fuck me."

"I'm glad my Master doesn't seem to have any qualms about fucking the pregnant broad," Janet said. "I think I'm even hornier carrying this bowling ball around."

Chen laughed, kissing his slave. "That's because you're beautiful."

"Will you still think so in another month, Master."

"We'll have to see. I make no promises." He kissed her again.

Whore whispered to me, "Shouldn't this thing be making me orgasm by now?"

"No," I replied. No point in giving her the bad news yet.

When we arrived at Trelio's, there wasn't eight other cars in the parking lot; probably staff vehicles.

"This place is usually much busier," Whore said. "Especially on Saturday night. Even with reservations, it isn't odd to wait a half hour for a seat."

Master noticed the same thing. He looked at me. I smiled at him. Chen and Janet weren't surprised. They'd heard the phone call too.

William attached leashes to Evelyn and Whore. "Come along, slaves. Robert, after you park, why don't you come inside and have supper with us."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
"Yes, sir. Thank you."

Whore was embarrassed to be led on a leash into one of Fresno's finest restaurant, expecting a number of people to be there despite the empty parking lot. Evelyn didn't appear to have the same level of shame.

"This reminds me of Antigua, Master," Evelyn said.

"I was thinking the same thing," Bill replied. "Are you wet, slave?"

"Yes, Master, very wet."

So was I.

We went inside and the Maitre'd looked askance at the two leashed slaves.

"Don't pay it any mind," Evelyn said, with a friendly smile. "We lost a bet. Never bet against William Thornhill when it comes to matters of high finance."

"I understand, ma'am," he said, returning her smile.

He led us from the foyer to the dining room. All the tables were pushed aside, leaving one large table with place settings for nine. Five waiters were standing around the table waiting for us to be seated. Other than that, the place was empty. Master and his other slaves were staring in utter bewilderment.

"My driver will be joining us for dinner, sir. Could you please add another setting to the table."

"Right away, sir."

"Evelyn and Whore. Please remove your clothes. You're dining nude tonight."

Evelyn began to obey immediately. Whore was lagging behind. She was realizing she might never be able to return here again, one of the most popular restaurants in Fresno. It's funny. Her cunt was practically visible now, and would be as soon as she sat down, but the little bit of fabric felt like a shield at the moment.

"There are other people here, Master," she said. "I eat here often."

"Are you disobeying me, Whore?" Bill asked. "There's no one here but staff. There are no windows open and the security cameras are turned off."

"No, sir," she replied, reluctantly starting to remove her dress. Evelyn was already naked, the Maitre'd taking her dress and hanging it up.

Master looked around and laughed. "I can't fucking believe you bought the whole place out. How the hell did you pull that off?"

"A lot of money," Bill laughed, "but it's going to be worth it."

"What are you waiting for?" Master said, "A gold plated invitation? Lisa and Julia, you're stripping too. If it's good enough for Evelyn, it's good enough for you. Rhonda, I leave it to your discretion."

I was pleased to see she removed her dress as well, joining the rest of us in our nudity. Only Janet remained.

Chen asked, "It's up to you, Janet. You're the one who feels fat. I think you're beautiful no matter what."

Janet kissed her Master and removed her clothes. Lisa, Rhonda and I kissed her too.

The Maitre'd took all our clothes and hung them up. We all sat down and ice water was immediately poured for everyone and napkins placed in our laps. I should have another for under my bottom as I was leaking profusely. William asked for the wine steward. Another well dressed gentleman brought the wine list.

It was so strange and also arousing. The men were all dressed in suits and ties. The staff were all in white jackets and bow ties, and all the women were nude. Somehow the full clothing of the others made me feel even more naked than I usually did. I think the other women felt the same. William was at the head of the table with his slaves on either side of him. I was next to Whore, with Master beside me. Janet was opposite me, Chen opposite Master and Lisa was seated next to him, with Rhonda on our side, on the other side of Master. A table setting was at the opposite end of the table and Robert sat there when he came in. I think he was as astounded to see all of us naked as the waiters were. The staff maintained a certain sophisticated edge despite our lack of clothing.

Consulting with the wine steward, William picked four bottles of wine to go on our table, two reds, a white and rosé. He told Robert the only restriction on his meal was he couldn't drink. Robert nodded. The waiters were setting out bread and one of them brushed my breast when he set the bread tray on the table.

"Excuse me, ma'am," he said, flustered.

"Don't worry about it," I teased. "I enjoy having my breasts touched."

Master smiled at me. "You slut."

"Yes, sir. If Master would wish to have his cock sucked now, this slave would have no objection to being the source of his pleasure."

"Are you sure, slave?"

"Most assuredly, Master"

He nodded and I was on the floor, unzipping his pants, his prick already engorging for me. I sucked him down.

Master groaned, then ordered, "Lisa, since Janet would have difficulty getting on the floor, please take care of Chen for her and since you're down there anyway, don't neglect Janet either."

"Yes, Master."

"Rhonda, please take care of Robert."

"Yes, sir."

"William, I assume you can assign someone to your own cock?"

"Absolutely. Both of you, get busy."

Again, Evelyn was much faster than Whore. After a delay of ten seconds or so, she was helping to suck her Master. I wondered if the waiters were enjoying our little show. It's not everyday you get to watch slaves sucking their Masters.

While I was on the ground, I peeked to see if any of them were getting erections. I noticed one of the waiters seemed to be surreptitiously recording us. I didn't mind performing for their personal enjoyment, but I didn't want to be turned into an internet whore either.

I stopped sucking. "Master William, that waiter is recording us." Pointing at the offending party.

Bill was up like a shot, not even bothering to zip up his pants. He even knocked Whore down in his haste. In two strides, he'd seized the offending phone from the surprised waiter.

"Are you connected to a cloud account?"

"Yes," he mumbled.

"Delete it now or you're fucking dead meat." Robert was already up, flanking the little shit and he looked fierce. I suspect he was more than a driver. He looked like bodyguard material.

The waiter hastened to obey.

"Show me it's gone," Bill ordered.

Apparently Bill was satisfied because he took the phone and stomped it to little pieces. "Who's in charge tonight?"

"That would be me," the Maitre'd said. "I'm the manager filling in tonight."

"One of the things the exorbitant fucking amount of money I'm paying you tonight, is for discretion. I want this asshole fired this instant without references. You collect every phone belonging to every person working here tonight and set them on that table over there. No one goes near that table until we leave. Call everyone working tonight out here, now!"

He went in the back and got all the people working in the kitchen and the wine steward out. The cooks and other people who hadn't seen us already were staring goggle eyed.

"Listen up," William said. "My name is William Thornhill and I'm one of the richest fucking people on the planet. I'm having a little party for my friends and I'm paying a lot of money to do so. If any of you thinks you might profit from this in any way but how I'm paying, you're mistaken. A word of tonight ever leaves this building, I will buy this place and burn it down to the ground with the offending parties in it. If you think I can't do it, just try me." He looked everyone of them in the face. "Are we going to have any trouble here? Fucking answer me."

A chorus of noes and no, sirs followed. He looked again at the offending waiter. He was flinching back, not without cause. "You disgusting little shit. What's your name?"

"Ned Hendricks, sir"

He looked at the maitre'd who nodded in agreement.

"Ned Hendricks. You could have had a good thing tonight, making as much money as you normally would in a week, but you fucked it up royally. Get the fuck out now and I suggest you move far away and change your name because you might have some people looking for you in a week and you won't enjoy it if they find you." Bill started to return to his seat.

"What about my phone, sir," Ned said timidly.

Bill turned and glared at Ned. "You're a bigger fool for even asking that. Make it four days to disappear. You want to make it tonight you disappear?"

Without another word, Ned hurried out of the restaurant.

"Gee, Master William, you seem to be such a nice man," I said, still on my knees, Master's cock in my hand, lightly stroking it to keep it hard.

Bill laughed and said, "I am a nice man to those who deserve it, but I didn't get to be who and what I am without being a bit of a cutthroat." He looked at all the other people standing there. "Phones over there and get back to work. You have meals to prepare."

Phones rapidly filled the table. The remaining four waiters stayed, but everyone else disappeared like they'd never been there.

"I apologize," Bill said, "I should have realize it might be a problem and collected the phones when we arrived."

Master's cock was already in my mouth, so I didn't find it necessary to reply. Bill soon had his in Evelyn and Whore. I don't think I'd ever want Bill mad at me. The wine steward returned with our four bottles of wine just as Master was cumming in my mouth. Bill told him to open the bottles to breathe, but he trusted his judgment regarding the quality of the wine so he skipped the sampling. He was close to cumming himself, the two slaves working to make it happen. The sounds of the other three men soon joined Master in climax. Janet followed a few minutes later after Lisa shifted her attention to her. We resumed our seats, smiles on our faces.

"You meant it when you said you'd bankrupt me, didn't you?" Whore asked her Master. "I thought you might be exaggerating."

"I did mean it. Shasta is my friend. I protect my friends. Remember that the next time you're tempted to utter an unkind word to any of my friends, or mistreat them in any way. I don't care who they are. Your slavery is going to be harder on you because you were hard on her."

"Yes, Master." She was silent, thinking. "Shouldn't this thing I'm wearing have made me cum already. Is it broken? Why don't I cum?"

"It's a Slave Trainer," I replied. "One of its primary functions is to teach a slave that her orgasms don't belong to her anymore. You won't be able to cum unless your Master lets you."

Whore got the worst expression on her face. I've seen the same expression on the face of everyone who ever wore one. She turned to Bill.

"Master, may I please cum? This is driving me mad."

"What are you willing to do to earn it?" Bill asked.

"Whatever I need to do," Whore replied. Right answer.

"That's a very broad answer, Whore. Are you sure you mean to do whatever you need to?"

"Yes, Master, anything."

"This is what anything consists of. Part of the tip I plan to give everyone working in the restaurant tonight is you. You will be tied over the table, made available to anyone who wants you, from the busboy and dishwasher to everyone of the remaining waiters. Every person here, including the men sitting at this table."

Whore did some rapid counting. She'd just seen everyone in the restaurant. Five cooks, bus boy, dishwasher, four waiters, wine steward, maitre'd, plus the four at the table. "That's seventeen men, Master" she said.

"It is. Your math isn't faulty."

"You want me to fuck seventeen men, sir?"

"It will be much like the train Julia and Lisa experienced at their bonding ceremony. I saw you taking advantage of their position, so you know what it was like on your side of the equation. Now you'll know what it was like to be them."

"I'm not sure I can do seventeen men, sir."

"Some of them may choose not to participate. Perhaps they're married or gay. I won't make you participate, Whore, but I'm encouraging you to do so. You will wear the Slave Trainer until you agree or the end of the night. If you agree to participate, you may have two orgasms and I remove the Slave Trainer."

Marcia redux.

"I understand, sir."

Poor Whore. She didn't realize it, but she was going to earn her name tonight. Her first day of slavery and it was going to end like this.

She actually made it through the salad course, the soup course, and halfway through the entree. When Master told Bill it died and needed to be replaced and Lisa pulled out the fresh one, Whore capitulated.

"I'll participate, Master," she whispered, another victim of the Slave Trainer.

Since this one was dead, she couldn't get her orgasms that way unless she put the new one in. She wasn't willing to wear one again, even to cum, now that she'd surrendered, so I volunteered. She was so close to cumming, the first one took less than ten seconds, and the second one was over in less than a minute. I'd barely had time to get fabric indentations on my knees from the carpet. Whore was so happy to be allowed to cum, she didn't even mind cleaning the dead one of the accumulation of her fluids on it.

"Master," Evelyn said. "Please don't ever get one of those for me. I promise I will always be obedient."

"That's good, because you're going to be joining Whore over the table."

"Are you sure, Master?" she asked, I think more for Bill than herself. The number of people was halved by her participation and she was a slave. I'd have no problem participating given enough time to satisfy everyone, which would have been one of the issues with Whore servicing all seventeen. Even at ten minutes a male orgasm, we would have been here for close to an additional three hours.

"I'm sure, dear one. Evelyn isn't required to do anything you aren't required to do."

"As you wish, Master," she said, smiling, gracious in her surrender to his will.

******

SCOTT

I was surprised as I could be when we entered Trelio's and there wasn't a single other patron, only staff.

"Did he buy the whole restaurant?" I asked Chen.

"Tonight only. $50,000 plus food, drink and tips. He had to pay for free meals for any reservations they had to cancel. I've never seen anything like it. He's dropping 50 plus grand like me giving someone twenty bucks. He gave me 20,000 for a baby gift. I wasn't going to accept it until he did this."

"Holy shit!"

"Tell me about it."

The night got even more interesting when he had Evelyn and Regina strip. The maitre'd barely blinked, like he'd been expecting it and maybe he was, as he had hangers ready to hang up their clothes. Well, if he could bare his slaves, so could I.

"What are you waiting for?" I said, "A gold plated invitation? Lisa and Julia, you're stripping too. If it's good enough for Evelyn, it's good enough for you. Rhonda, I leave it to your discretion."

I had to make allowances for her job. Apparently, she felt safe enough, as she removed her clothes as well, though I had to admit the slinky dress she had on showed most of what she had anyway. Her smallish boobs, big nipples, perfect ass. The only thing not shown, though hinted at, was her sex.

Even Chen got in the spirit of the evening and asked Janet if she wanted to go bare. She removed her maternity outfit and joined the other slaves. Mine kissed her when she joined in their nudity.

William picked out four bottles of wine from the wine list while consulting with the steward. I wasn't familiar with what he picked so glanced at the list when they were done. It ranged from a couple hundred to a couple thousand a bottle. I have to say one thing about William. He was incredibly generous with his money if he liked you. He'd picked up the cost of my bonding ceremony without batting an eye.

He told Robert he couldn't drink and Robert had no problem complying. With five waiters on our table, we had no problem with service. Water and bread showed up like magic. One of them accidentally or accidentally on purpose, brushed against Julia's bare breast. He apologized and Julia told him she loved for her breasts to be touched. He turned red as a beet.

"You slut," I said, smiling.

"Yes, sir. If Master would wish to have his cock sucked now, this slave would have no objection to being the source of his pleasure."

Her reward for not sucking me earlier at the spa. I looked at all the strangers drifting around the table.

"Are you sure, slave?"

"Most assuredly, Master."

I nodded to her and before I could speak, she was kneeling on the floor releasing my prick from my pants. She engulfed it like she was starving. Starving for cock anyway. I groaned, the sensation so fantastic. I'd been aroused before. Having her suck me in a restaurant, even a mostly empty one, had me rigid in a second.

A couple of the waiters were watching my slave inhale my prick. Fuck, I shouldn't be the only one to enjoy this. Lisa was sitting next to Chen. I told her to suck him off and take care of Janet as well. Robert was watching Julia suck me with interest. I'd helped him fuck Evelyn last night. I told Rhonda to take care of him. Rhonda didn't delay in obeying and before you could say do, re, mi, his cock was in Rhonda's mouth.

"William, I assume you can assign someone to your own cock?"

He could pick who he wanted, his primary slave, or the new one in training. He chose both, ordering both to suck him. Evelyn was by far, the faster of the two. Regina more reluctant.

I sympathized with her. Even as the recipient of Julia's oral attentions, I was wondering if I could ever work up the nerve to come here again. Hopefully, they'd forget my face, concentrating on the naked slaves instead. Being one of the naked slaves and the sucker instead of the suckee made it less likely she'd ever be forgotten. How she would ever show her face in here again in anything less than five years seemed unlikely. Might want to change her hairstyle and dye her hair on top of it. She did it though, working with Evelyn to extract his cum.

The two waiters on the opposite side of the table seemed to be enjoying the show. One of them was trying to discretely adjust his pants.

Julia suddenly stopped sucking, pointing to someone behind us and saying, "Master William, that waiter is recording us."

I turned to look and before my head got swiveled around, Bill had a hold of the guys phone. Robert was right there with him, both of them still with stiff pricks, sticking out of their pants.

Bill asked him if was in the cloud. He said he did and Bill made him delete it, then smashed his phone. He called everyone in the restaurant into the room and threatened them all with dire consequences if they didn't provide him and his party with discretion. I'd never seen Bill like this before, like a totally different man than the one I knew. The kind provider of surgery and a home for Shasta, the one I'd trusted with my wife and trusted me with his. This one stronger, harder, almost a killer. Not that the little fucktard didn't deserve it. It might have been a disaster if he'd thrown any of it online.

As soon as the bastard was gone, the old Bill was back, quiet, unassuming, getting his cock sucked just as I was, finally exploding in Regina's mouth.

Regina was wearing a Slave Trainer and she was wondering why she hadn't cum yet. Julia explained her Master controlled her orgasms and she wouldn't be allowed to cum unless her Master willed it. She pleaded with Bill to let her cum and he explained what she'd have to do. Another surprise. Bill was going to use her to tip the restaurant staff but on a much larger scale than tipping Marcus.

Regina tried to resist, the same as every other slave who ever wore one. Every so often, I'd see her start to flush, an orgasm ready to explode, only to die on the vine, the devilish device not taking her over the edge. I received an alert. The Slave Trainer was dying.

"Sorry to tell you this, Bill, but the Slave Trainer is dying."

"Lisa, what have you got in your bag of tricks there?" Bill said.

"I have this, Master Bill," pulling another Trainer out of her satchel, "plus a charger to put the old one on to recharge."

"There's more?" Regina said. "I'm not done yet?"

"Sorry, whore. I said to the end of the night or you agree to participate in their tip."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 6|
--------------------------------------------
Her whole face sagged.

"I'll participate, Master," she whispered.

"In order to have your two orgasms," Julia said, "we'll have to put the new Slave Trainer on. It's charged, the other one is dead."

"No. I'd rather do without any orgasms," Regina said, "as long as I don't have to wear one again."

"Master William, would it be okay with you if I gave Whore her two orgasms? You did agree she could have two once she agreed to participate."

"I did and if your Master has no objection, you may."

"You really are a slut," I said to Julia.

"Always your slut, Master."

"Go ahead."

Julia got on her knees and Regina spread her legs wide, inviting Julia between them.

"Please help me to cum," she said. "I need to cum so much."

Julia dipped between her spread thighs, made a couple of swipes up her cunt and Regina climaxed, clutching Julia's head.

"Again, please let me cum again."

Within a minute, Regina gasped, spasming again.

"Another, please, sir. Let her give me another."

"You've had your two," Bill said. "I fulfilled my promise."

"Master," Evelyn said. "Please don't ever get one of those for me. I promise I will always be obedient."

"That's good, because you're going to be joining Whore over the table."

"Are you sure, Master?" she asked.

"I'm sure, dear one. Evelyn isn't required to do anything you aren't required to do."

"As you wish, Master," smiling like she was happy about it. Maybe she was.

So Bill was surrendering Evelyn to the same. So much had changed in a short time. On the other hand, what had happened with me was unthinkable a month ago. I'd changed. Bill could change as well. Sex slaves loved sex. If you love them, give them what they love.

We finished the rest of the meal. It was good, as good as Chantelle usually prepared. It disappeared. The wine disappeared, everyone but Lisa and Janet drinking. Lisa following my orders. Bill ordered a wide selection of desserts for the table to sample and nibble on. Everyone was feeling sated, by food and drink anyway.

"Whore, it's time for your punishment," Bill said.

"What punishment, sir? I've done all you've asked all day."

"Except for one tiny thing, Whore. First thing this morning, you climaxed twice without permission. I told you the punishment would be administered later. Later is now."

"Yes, Master. Am I to go over your lap, sir?"

"Not this time. Lisa, may I please have some rope."

Lisa got four lengths of rope out of the bag and handed it to Bill. He fastened her wrist cuffs together, tossing me the end of the rope.

"Please fasten that to the table on the other side, drawing her torso flat against the table."

I'd done it several times myself, so had no problem doing it again. While I was engaged with that, Bill tied rope to each of her ankle cuffs and spreading her legs wide, exposing all of her posterior, fastened the ropes so they'd stay that way. He was moving chairs out of the way. Chen and Janet and Lisa all had to move. Her bottom was facing the kitchen area and already, people were lined up to watch, since the cooking was done and only clean up remained.

"If I may have your attention again," Bill said, raising his voice so everyone could hear. "This woman was disobedient this morning. She's going to receive fifty swats with this paddle." William held up The Enforcer. "After her punishment is over, she's agreed to serve as a gratuity for the fine service we've received in your establishment. You may fuck her, cunt only. Her ass is off limits." The staff started looking at each other. Some of the erections which had been moderately visible before, became more pronounced. "In fact, Lisa, let's ensure it remains that way. Please insert a butt plug please."

Lisa pulled a plug out of the bag, not our largest, but not the smallest either. She lubed up Whore's ass and the plug, and quickly plugged Whore's rectum, making her grunt. She also started to cry a little, just tears, no sobs or pleading.

William began the punishment, keeping track of the strokes himself, calling out each one so everyone knew how far along he was. More erections were becoming visible. I think most of them were wondering if he was really going to go through with it, so no one had removed a cock from their clothing. I'm sure all were considering who would do it, who would go first. Whore's tears had become more pronounced, though no louder, the crying silent. William told Whore she could cum as much as she wanted.

"Evelyn, do I need to tie you down, or will you remain bent over the table?" Bill asked.

"I'll remain bent over, Master."

"Please assume your position. I'm going to put a plug in you, too."

"Yes, sir."

Evelyn bent over the table and grabbed the opposite edge, spreading her legs. Lisa put a plug in her bottom so she wouldn't get her ass fucked.

Bill said, "This woman has also agreed to serve as a gratuity for your service. You may choose one or the other, but not both."

The staff was staring, stirring around, talking to each other, but no one moved yet, whether is was waiting for someone else to start or still not sure it wasn't a huge joke on them. A couple of them had grabbed their crotches and were rubbing, but no one had pulled a cock out yet.

"Julia, join them," I said. "If there's only two of them, we might be here for two more hours."

"Are you sure, Master," she said, a gleam in her eye, the slut.

"I'm sure. The only reason Lisa isn't joining you is she's not on birth control anymore. Lisa, have you anymore butt plugs?"

"No, Master. Bill only told me to bring two."

"Do you care if someone fucks your ass, slave?"

"No, sir, I don't."

"Assume their position."

She went around the table, kissing both Whore and Evelyn before bending over with them, three cunts facing the staff. I'm sure all three of them were glistening with their fluids. The voices and stirring were more pronounced now.

Bill looked at me and I told him to announce it.

"A third woman is agreeing to provide a nice fucking for your excellent service. You now have a choice of three women."

Five minutes since Whore was opened up for business, two since Julia joined them.

"Fuck this," the dishwasher said. "I don't care if I am fired. I'm getting me a piece of this."

He was pulling out his cock as he moved and he went straight for Whore's red ass, shoving in with a fast thrust, and pumping hard, hoping to get off before someone pulled him off. No one did. Whore's ass hurt, but there was as much pleasure as pain in her groan when he slammed into her.

Two more made a beeline for the two remaining cunts, zeroing in with guided missile precision, making both women moan as they were penetrated. We all sat down and the staff, realizing this was a real thing and they were going to fuck a real, live, gorgeous woman, started lining up behind one of the three. Even the maitre'd sheepishly got in the line formed behind Julia. The young dishwasher finished quickly, pumping his sperm deep, finishing, then tucking himself away before going back to the kitchen to finish the dishes.

Julia climaxed four times while the cook fucked her, a sex slave to the end. Evelyn didn't seem to be having any problem cumming either, though I wasn't paying as much attention to her. Whore hadn't climaxed during the first fucking, too fast and still too sore, but climaxed three times for the second.

Robert got in the line behind Julia, smiling and shrugging his shoulders when he knew I saw him. I smiled back.

My cock needed attention as well. I had Lisa mount my cock with her back towards me so we could both watch her sister slave go through another train. I called Rhonda over to lick Lisa's clit as she rode me. Three other people fucked Julia before I orgasmed, shooting my sperm deep in Lisa's cunt. Hey, they didn't get as much sex as me. I had every right to take my time.

Chen was standing so Janet could suck his cock sitting in a chair. Since both of Bill's slaves were tied up, as it were, I sent Rhonda to service him. She whispered to him, then bent over, and William pushed into her cunt. Rhonda didn't often offer her cunt to men, so I guess I should consider William special. Perhaps she just wanted to cum herself. The last time she'd climaxed when Whore serviced the other women in the spa this afternoon, and my slaves loved to cum.

It took about an hour before everyone had finished, the last one finally cumming in Evelyn. In total, two of the staff hadn't fucked a slave. Both wore wedding rings, so props to them. I saw at least five who wore them who had. I wasn't making judgments anymore. Julia and I both wore them too. Who knew what went on behind closed doors. Bill asked for three wet, warm towels and received them. I took one for Julia. Cum was running down her legs, most of it from her cunt, though there was also some leaking from her ass. Bill was cleaning his wife, and Rhonda was helping Whore.

"How many of them fucked you in your ass?" I asked, cautiously wiping her down.

"Just one. I'm pretty sure it was the maitre'd. I guess if it wasn't plugged, meant I was open for business."

"I guess so. Did you enjoy yourself, slave?"

She smiled the smile of an angel. "I did, thank you, Master."

"I love you, slave."

"I love you more."

William settled the bill with a Centurion American Express Card. It was the only one I'd ever seen. It had no credit limit to the best of my knowledge. You didn't apply for one. American Express approached you if they thought you deserved one. It was over 60,000 including everything. He still gave a 20% tip on the food and beverages to everyone despite the other gratuity they received.

Bill was dropping us and the Wang's off at our house before they went back to the hotel. Whore was licking Janet while Chen plowed into her from behind.

Just before I got to the house, I said, "Bill, I'm going to be gone all week. You're training Whore with Julia's help and your hotel room is pretty small by your standards. I'd like you to stay at my house while I'm gone. Feel free to make use of my slaves. Use the pool, the hot tub. My slaves don't cook as well as Chantelle, but they'll keep you from starving anyway. Check out tomorrow and come over with my blessings."

"Thank you, Scott. I greatly appreciate you making the offer and I'll graciously accept. I'll make sure everyone is well cared for."

"I know they're in good hands with you."

"I'm grateful for the confidence you have in me."

Chen was reaching the end game, speeding up. Janet had reached it several times already. I saw Julia whispering in Williams ear. William nodded, smiling.

"Scott, I'm leaving Whore here. I understand your babysitters needs to be paid for their services."

Since the babysitters were my parents, and didn't need to be paid, I didn't catch the reference immediately. Duh!

"I'm sure they'll both appreciate Whore's services in payment," I replied. "It looks as if she's becoming quite good at serving others."

Chen was grunting, grasping Whore's hips as he plastered himself to her bottom, pulsing deep. Janet gasped as she climaxed again on Whore's tongue. Whore was shuddering herself, moaning. She'd stopped licking as she climaxed. I was sure that deficiency would be addressed in the coming week. Slaves who neglected their responsibilities just because they were cumming were punished.

******

 

--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 63|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-63|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<em>Whore's training continues as Scott goes to LA for the week, with benefits. This chapter contains oral, anal, interracial, and lesbian sex. It also contains group sex, public sex, humiliation and sex toys. If these things don't appeal to your baser instincts, you may stop reading. As with all previous chapters, STD's and COVID-19 don't exist in this particular fantasy.</em>

<strong>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 63 - Whore, Pt 2</strong>

JULIA

We arrived at the house shortly after Chen orgasmed. We said goodbye to both of them and Bill and Evelyn. The slaves immediately removed clothing. After using a towel to wipe Whore's cunt since we'd had no time to clean her up, I led her upstairs to the room Dan and Sandy were using tonight. The hall light was on.

"I want you to go in there and start sucking Dan's cock. He's a Master, so address him as such. When he wakes up, beg him to fuck you while you pleasure Sandy. Tell him your new name and ask to be addressed as such and that you're their payment for babysitting. They have the baby monitor tonight. When the baby wakes up, it's your responsibility to change the diaper."

"I've never changed a diaper, Domina."

"Sandy will show you how. She'll also show you how you need to feed the baby. Since he's started taking solid food, he doesn't always need breast milk, but there are bottles in the fridge which can be heated if he wants some. You will be their sex toy until tomorrow when they leave. We'll continue your training after they've left tomorrow morning. Be pleasing to them. You'll be punished if they have any complaints about your service."

"Yes, Domina."

"I'll hold the door open until you reach the bed so you can see, and close it after you start sucking his cock. Don't disappoint me, Whore."

"I won't Domina."

She crept to the bed in the light from the hall. Dan was spooning his slave from behind. She looked at them for a moment, deciding what to do. Seeing no other solution, she gently rolled Dan towards his back until his cock was visible, got on her knees and started sucking him.

It didn't take Dan long to wake up.

"Hello," he said, blinking himself awake.

"My name is Whore and I may be addressed as such. I need to be fucked and I'll gladly pleasure Sandy while you fuck me."

Dan saw me standing at the door and I nodded my head. He smiled.

"You better finish what you started then. My cock won't get hard by itself, Whore."

"Yes, Master." Whore kept sucking.

Sandy was stirring also, saw the shadowy shape sucking her Master, smiled. I closed the door and went downstairs to my bedroom. Rhonda and Lisa were in a sixty-nine, and Master was fucking Lisa. Lacking other, more formal, responsibilities, I cupped Master's sack and caressed his balls, rolling them in my fingers.

"I figured you'd been fucked enough tonight," Master panted.

"I don't know what you consider to be enough, Master, but I'll concede Lisa needs it more than I do." He chuckled. "When you're done," I said, "I'd like to borrow my slave and take a shower. I still feel sticky."

"I'm not surprised." He grunted. "That towel wasn't nearly big enough to wipe you off completely."

He grunted again, starting to fuck faster. I rolled his balls some more, speeding up the process. He gasped, shaking, his balls pumping, filling my sister slave. I patted his ass.

"Fill 'er up, sir. Shove that baby batter deep. Your slave wants a baby."

"Don't take a shower without me," Lisa panted. "Nobody properly cleaned me at the restaurant after Master fucked me. I've got dried cum all over my cunt."

"We can't have that," I said. "Who'd want to lick you in that condition."

Lisa laughed. "No one. That's the point; you're all too finicky. Just give me a couple minutes before I stand up. Might as well let the wrigglers have a chance to work before I stand up and they all run down my leg."

"Hey, I planted quite a few of those bastards way up there," Master protested. "They shouldn't all run down your leg."

"Gravity has its way with most things, sir. Are you ready to pull out of me so I can stop crushing Rhonda?"

Master rolled off Lisa, who rolled off Rhonda. There was a cock to clean and I was just the slave to do it.

"Mmm," Master panted. "I may not be able to get an erection again tonight, but you can keep doing that anyway. Rhonda, a quick question for you. I saw you let Bill fuck your cunt tonight..."

"She did?" I interrupted. "How nice."

"Yeah, while you were otherwise engaged. My question is, did you just need to orgasm that bad or did you find Bill cunt worthy?"

Rhonda laughed. "Cunt worthy, that's a good one, sir. I'll have to remember that. Can't it be both? That I needed to cum and he was cunt worthy. If anyone is cunt worthy, I would think it has to be Bill, don't you?"

"So who else is cunt worthy?" Master asked. "If I weren't your Domina's Master, would I be cunt worthy?"

"I believe you would have earned my cunt even if you weren't her Master, sir. There was a time before our ceremony I might have doubted it, but yeah, you're cunt worthy."

"Anyone else? You did allow Sam to fuck you."

"That was because we were angry at you, Master. You hadn't explained yourself yet. I fucked him to flip you the bird. Sam might eventually become cunt worthy, but he isn't yet."

"So anyone else?"

"Not at the moment. It's an exclusive list, sir." Rhonda kissed him.

"Do you want to get pregnant some day and would you want me to be the father? Would you like a black father for your child, or do you care?"

"If I have a child, I'd like him to be yours," Shasta said, smiling, "and yes, someday. After I'm 33 or so. Don't want to wait much longer than that, but I don't want a baby yet. After all, if our relationship continues as I hope it will; I consider Lucas and the eventual baby Lisa to be mine as well."

I kissed her. My beautiful slave. Master and Shasta would make beautiful babies. She pulled me down on top of her, deepening the kiss. She broke it after a couple minutes.

"I've got a pretty nice life," Rhonda said. "Lots of cunt to play with, people to love, a job I care about. The one negative was my family, but Wendy's come around, and maybe the others will eventually. I was fairly lonely when I met you. I haven't been for a long time, so thank you, cock and cunts both." She kissed all three of us.

"I've been thinking of what trials and tribulations Whore should go through for her training. I think she definitely has to fuck and suck everyone in the poker group. She's done the Strongs, and Chen and Dan tonight. She needs to do you tomorrow, Master, before you leave for LA, cunt and ass both. We need to arrange for Jerry to fuck her sometime this week. She'll be licking all the women during the cum breaks, and we'll probably have Sean fuck her too. What else?"

"She needs to learn to concentrate on what she's doing even if she's cumming or spanked," Rhonda said. "She was so jumpy at the spa at the hotel today; every little noise made her break concentration."

"She's becoming good enough at cunt licking, but it's only to get you off in a reasonable amount of time. She needs to learn to adore and worship a cunt," Lisa said.

"And a cock," I said. "We've gotten her to the point she can deep throat, but she's piss poor when it comes to an actual teasing seduction. It's all 'give me your cum and get out of my mouth'.

"You might get her to do some of the things I made you do," Master said. "Seduce a sales clerk, suck a cock under the table at Luigi's, walk the trail nude."

"Well, she's already tipped a lot of someones for service, sir," I said, laughing. "Luigi's would be good because there would be other customers there, not just staff."

"Bill really threw her into the fire," Master said.

"I think she had it coming, sir," Lisa said. "Bill was right to start her at the very bottom. Let her see what it's like down there. Out of all of our friends, I trusted her least of all, and I think her attitude has rubbed off on Ed and Rob a little. They aren't quite as snotty as Whore was, but they are less like the big, friendly galoots they used to be. She really came into our group through Ron, who would occasionally stand in. She wasn't there from the beginning. I've always thought her money got in the way of being a decent human being. My opinion anyway."

"Perhaps," Master said. "Bill didn't want any of them to buy Evelyn. He threw away his clear win to give me enough money to buy Evelyn, keep her out of Regina's hands since she would have gone to the house for the night. Without Regina playing next week, it's unlikely either Ed or Rob could buy Evelyn and he's good with anyone else buying her for the night."

"Have you let the baby batter soak in long enough, Lisa?" I said. "I really need a shower."

"Yeah, I'm sure Master's sperm has done all it can."

"Come on then. I want to wash both of you and have both of you wash me and if we should all cum in the process, it wouldn't hurt my feelings at all."

******

Master fucked all of us in the morning, ending in Lisa again. I didn't mind as I'd orgasmed three times during my fucking. It might be the last time he was able to fuck us as he needed to plant his cock in Whore a couple times today. At least Bill was going to be here for a week, even if he was older and had his own slave, I'm sure I'd get to feel his cock in me.

After Rhonda and I cleaned our two lovers, we finally wandered out of the bedroom. Sandy was feeding Lucas. Dan was fucking Whore's ass and she was complaining!

"You're too deep, Master. Please not so deep."

"Criminy, Whore, don't tell me you haven't had one or more of the Strong's fucking your ass. They love a double penetration."

"Yes, Domina, but they aren't so deep in my ass."

"Wider is more painful than longer," Lisa said. "They hurt me more than Master does."

"But I'm used to wider, not longer."

I suppose there's something to be said for what you're used to. All the other cocks which would go in her ass were longer, though perhaps Chen's, only a little.

"Suck it up, Whore," I said. "Everyone else who is going to fuck your ass is longer. I'm not going to wrap tape around dicks five and a half inches down and tell someone to only fuck you as deep as the tape. You can get used to long as well as deep. I don't recall you having sympathy for Shasta when you fucked her ass with your big strap on."

"Yes, Domina," Whore moaned. "She didn't complain."

"Nor would she. She'd let you fuck her a new asshole before she complained to you. I don't know what problem you have with her, but I agree with Master Bill. It needs to end. Fuck her hard, Master Dan. Bend this bitch to your will," I said. "When you're done fucking her, she requires a fifty swat spanking. You might want to do that as well, sir."

Apparently Dan agreed with my assessment. He pounded her harder and deeper. Despite the pain she said she was feeling, she still managed to cum during her fucking, begging to cum, though Dan playing with her clit as he split her open may have helped. Master watched Dan bang into Whore. Lisa and Rhonda started on breakfast.

I kissed Sandy and Lucas, her on the lips and the baby on the top of his head.

"How's Lucas doing, slave?"

"Well, Domina, he's nearly done. He might like to top it off with some milk."

"That's what I'm here for."

I wiped his messy face before putting him to my breast. He latched on and the milk started flowing. "Tell me if Whore was sufficiently pleasing last night to you and your Master."

"She was sufficiently pleasing, but distracted while Master fucked her."

"We're going to start working on that today. Cunts and cocks both. She only seems to care about getting to the end, as if she won't have to suck another cock or lick another cunt as soon as she's done with this one."

"Well, she probably only needs to fuck when she wants to fuck, not the other way around. It probably does end when she wants it to."

"Welcome to the life of a slave," I laughed. "Be ready any time and it ends when your Master says it does."

"How was your evening last night?" Sandy asked.

"William bought out the entire restaurant for a ridiculous sum of money. He made his slaves strip, then Master had us strip as well. Even Janet went nude. After the wine was ordered, all the men in our party were treated to a blow job. One of the waiters tried to video it, and Bill was so mad.

"I finally realized how he became as successful as he is. He seems so gentle and kind, but he can be a positive terror. He smashed the guy's phone to bits after ensuring nothing made it to a cloud account. Had him fired on the spot and everyone else had to give up their phones until we left. He told him the guy might want to move and change his name as some people might be looking for him in a week. I don't know if he was serious, or just wanted the threat to show how serious he was.

"He didn't hold it against the restaurant though. After Whore received a naked fifty swat spanking for cumming without permission, he offered Whore and Evelyn to be fucked by everyone there, seventeen men. Master had me join them so I could enjoy it too."

"Sounds nice," Sandy said. "Wish I'd been there. How many of them fucked you?"

I laughed. Only a sex slave could wish they'd been gang banged by a bunch of horny men.

"Two of the employees didn't participate, according to Master, but Bill's driver, Robert joined in. He fucked me. I had five in total, one of them in my ass. Evelyn got five as well. Whore got fucked by the extra guy. I think they were attracted to her red ass."

"Heaven knows every time I have a red ass, someone's fucking me right after."

"I know, it's like a magnet, right," I laughed.

Before we had our breakfast, Dan gave Whore her morning spanking. She ate standing up. Dan knew his way around a spanking, that's for sure. They kissed us all around when they had to leave and it was time to start on training again.

We took Whore to the bedroom. She looked at us expectantly, wondering which one of us she would fuck or suck or lick. Everyone eventually, but not to start.

"Please pay attention, Whore, for what I'm about to tell you and show you is very important," I said. "You may not be a sex slave for longer than a week. It may not be for you as much as it is for me. To me, it's my focus, the fabric, the texture, the soul, of my life now. More than a mother, or a wife, or a businesswoman; I'm a sex slave. I don't expect you to understand it or need it as I do. I chose this life; you lost a card game. You're expected to serve a week then you may walk away, but you can't even be a pale imitation of a sex slave for your Master without enjoying everything about sex."

"I enjoy sex, Domina. I've always enjoyed sex," Whore protested.

"Did you love last night?"

"I orgasmed, if that's what you're asking, Domina?"

"I'm not. Anyone can likely make anyone else orgasm with a little effort. It's a physical response to physical stimuli. I loved last night. I loved the hot, hard cocks filling my cunt. I loved them spurting their cum into me. I loved the sounds they made when they orgasmed, the sounds I made in response, the sensations of their hands on my hips, their movements, the smell of cum, mine and theirs. I loved every moment of it, which is why my Master let me experience it. I was not being punished by having those five men fuck me, I was being rewarded.

"If you had seven orgasms, I likely had two or three that number because I loved it. I will not say you didn't enjoy an orgasm or two or even ten, but for you, I think, sex is political. It's a tool you use to control men, from Ed and Rob, to your ex-husband before them, and however many went before. Sex is a useful tool to be practiced for when it's needed to control someone. For me, sex is the goal. Sex is used to control me, not the other way around. Those of us who understand this quality of submission, this nature of sex, find your sexual talents lacking, shall we say."

Whore was silent, considering my words. I didn't expect an answer.

"For you, it's all about the climax. You'll make this person cum as fast as you can and be done with it. You can get on to something else. You were finally able to deep throat your Master, and mine, but it was all to get it over with sooner. You've accepted you'll need to lick cunt, but if you must give me two, you'll rush through it as fast as you can and get on with your life. As soon as they cum, you can get on to the next thing. For a sex slave, there is no next thing but another climax. That is the next thing. If it is, why rush through the first one when one can savor and enjoy the first before rushing to the second. So rushing is your first problem.

"The second problem is you should always be focused on the gratification of the person you're pleasuring. Sandy said you were adequate in licking her, but not good, because when Dan was fucking you, you were distracted. That is your primary goal in life; to be pleasing to your Master. Let's also be clear that my Master is not just Scott Rivers. My Master is whoever he gives me to. Even you, should I be pleasuring you, are my Mistress at that moment, and should have all of my attention and focus aimed squarely on giving you pleasure and not being concerned for myself. If my Master receives my best efforts, he will see to it I'm rewarded. If I'm distracted because someone else is fucking me, or punishing me, it's because I'm not focused on the needs I'm serving, only my own. Do I need to cum, or does my ass hurt? If I don't care or worry about his pleasure, why should or would he, care about mine.

"Every one of us three slaves, ignores her own satisfaction for the person we're with. Not that we don't receive satisfaction ourselves; we do, both the direct satisfaction of pleasure received, but the indirect satisfaction of pleasure given. I receive a great deal of joy from making my lovers cum. It's a reflection of my abilities and talents as a slave to help someone enjoy great pleasure. Just as I enjoy making a nice piece of furniture in my business, I take pride in my ability to give pleasure, and not just to provide an orgasm, but a sensual experience.

"For today's lesson, I'm going to demonstrate on you, what it is to focus my entire being on giving you pleasure. I'm going to seduce you; make you feel as if I've never loved anything as much as I love your pussy. While I'm doing so, Master will fuck me, and spank me. It shouldn't make any difference to you, what he's doing to me. I will be focused on you.

"Then you will do the same for Lisa as I just did for you. You will love her cunt as if you've always loved cunt; have never wanted anything other than her cunt; that her cunt is the most important thing in your life. You will continue loving her despite Master fucking you in your cunt, and in your ass. If Lisa detects any lack of focus on your part, you will receive a quick punishment to remind you; a swat on the ass or perhaps pinching your nipples, some pain to remind you.

"Then you'll do the same for Rhonda. Her cunt will become the only cunt you've ever loved, the one thing you've desired the most. I will be swatting your ass, with my hand or The Enforcer. It will hurt, but it doesn't matter. Only Rhonda's cunt will matter to you.

"When you're done with Rhonda, you'll do the same with my Master's cock. There is no cock you'll have ever wanted as important to you as his. No matter what we do to you, all you'll care about is his cock and how you can pleasure it. No cum will ever taste as sweet as his cum when he fills your mouth. You'll not only wish not to lose a single drop of his precious sperm, but you'll savor it, swish it around in your mouth, enjoy every hot spurt as if it were the nectar of the gods. When your Master gets here this afternoon, you will show him how much you love his other slave's pussy, and how much you desire his prick. You will demonstrate you're becoming the sex slave he deserves to own for the week. If you don't learn quickly, it will be a very painful morning for you. If you do learn, your joy will be as great.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"At the Last Supper, Jesus lowered himself, illustrating to his disciples that serving others was more important than seeking power or position over others. You must be that servant, abasing yourself in service to the pleasure of others, and you will find pleasure yourself. Do you understand what I'm telling you?"

"I think so, Domina."

"I'm going to be busy with you, so I won't explain what I'm doing or why. Rhonda will explain for me. Pay attention to not only what you're feeling, but how to make it happen for others. What you want to do for them when it's time for you to practice."

"Yes, Domina."

I've described the process of a seduction before, the teasing, the touches and caresses to lift someone up to the very precipice of arousal and lust, then fling them over the edge. Rhonda described the process, why some things worked and others didn't. That erogenous zones existed everywhere and they should all be known and used. I brought Whore to the edge, left her clinging with her fingers, lowered her gently, climbed to a higher peak, let her down; pushed her to the next level, then hurled her crashing to the ground to leave her moaning and limp. Master pounded my cunt, making me climax, and it made no difference. Whore danced on my lips, my tongue, my fingers, crying out my name.

Master invaded my ass, claiming it for his own, and Whore couldn't tell the difference. She cried out, begging to cum again, ignorant of the fact he was fucking me.

He swatted my ass. I went into subspace, where pain barely existed, a buzzing, a gnat, negligible. Whore didn't know or care. All she knew was a cascade of orgasms, washing through her body in waves, bouncing from one to the other like a pinball. Her cunt was my cunt. I owned it.

When I stopped, she looked at my cum covered face in awe, panting, sweating, quivering, knowing I'd poured all I had into her.

"That is how you give someone pleasure, Whore; with your whole heart and soul and every particle of your being. If you can't do the same, you're not doing it right. I'm giving you fifteen minutes to gather yourself, then you do the same for Lisa."

When it was Lisa's turn, Rhonda coached her; telling her how and where and when to touch, with how much pressure and in what order. She did well, having gone through the same herself. Master plunged into her pussy, and she lost it and I squeezed a nipple between thumb and forefinger and whispered to her to ignore her cunt and the sensations in it.

"The only thing that matters is Lisa's pussy. It belongs to you and you will treat it like the most precious thing you own. What's happening to your own cunt is insignificant. You can cum, it doesn't matter. If you cum ten times, it doesn't matter. Only this cunt matters and what you're making it feel. This pussy feels pleasure because you're making it feel pleasure, no matter what's happening to you." She recovered and even though she climaxed two more times, she kept going.

Master smeared her bottom with lube and she knew what was coming.

"Being fucked in the ass doesn't mean one tenth as much as this cunt. You can ignore the prick in your ass. You can't ignore this delicious cunt waiting for you to send it to heaven. Own this pussy. Master owns your ass right now, but you own this pussy."

Only once did I have to pinch her nipples to remind her of her duties, during the first orgasm from her anal fucking. The second and third she ignored completely. Lisa was a very happy slave when Whore was done. Master had cum in Whore's ass. Rhonda washed him clean after, since we hadn't cleansed her beforehand.

"Take another rest, drink some water, stretch, then come back and you'll start on Rhonda. You're doing well so far. I'm proud of how far you've advanced."

"Thank you, Domina."

While Whore was gone, Lisa said, "She's really improved greatly since yesterday. She'll be a prime slave if she keeps going this way."

"Which is why she needs to repeat, build memory for doing it like this."

Whore returned. She'd washed her face in addition to using the bathroom and drinking a glass of water. Rhonda was on the bed, waiting for her, welcoming her with open legs and another liquid cunt.

"During your training with Rhonda, I will be paddling your bottom. I will start lightly at first, though I shall strike you progressively harder as we go along. Use the initial swats to acquaint yourself to the sting of the paddle. Let it dance on the edge of your consciousness, but not to the forefront. Let the sting wash over you. Feel the warmth on your bottom, but don't let the pain in. Drift with it. Let the warmth flood your pussy, spread throughout your body, absorbing the sting."

"I'm not sure I can do that, Domina."

"If you concentrate on Rhonda's cunt, it's actually easier to drift off, to ignore the pain. If her pussy becomes your focus and not your buttocks, you'll actually feel less pain than by concentrating on yourself. You might even cum yourself and if you do, you have my permission to cum."

"You think it's possible to orgasm while spanked, Domina?"

"It happens to me frequently. It has happened to all slaves at some point or other. Rhonda became my slave upon a bet I couldn't make her cum while whipping her. It was for one day, but she didn't want to stop."

She looked at Rhonda for confirmation and Rhonda smiled. "It's true. She was whipping me and when she struck my cunt, I climaxed. By the time my day was up, I was ready to become her sex slave permanently."

"You'll begin your seduction and I'll leave you alone for a few minutes, and then I'll start lightly."

Whore got between Rhonda's legs and Rhonda closed her eyes waiting for the magic to begin. I gave Whore five minutes to get deeply into the seduction. Rhonda hadn't cum yet but was moaning for the pleasure she was feeling, before I gave Whore a love tap. She ignored it which is good. From that point on, the swats continued, moving all over her lovely ass, and she remained glued between Rhonda's legs and licking her cunt. The swats became increasingly hard, but not punishment hard. Her bottom started to move, but it did not seem to me, she was trying to avoid The Enforcer, more as if she were seeking it. That was the sting level I left it as. Both women were making sounds of pleasure, not just Rhonda.

Rhonda's were louder, and more frequent, but her voice wasn't the only one raised in pleasure. Rhonda had cum three times and when she orgasmed the fourth, Whore joined her, the unmistakable signs of a cunt spasming in front of my eyes. I turned the Enforcer around, penetrating Whore's pussy, extending and increasing the enjoyment she felt from her orgasm. Despite it, she remained focused on Rhonda's pleasure, giving her a fifth climax in short order, despite her squirming upon the handle of The Enforcer.

Both were panting hard when I told Whore to stop.

"I climaxed, Domina," Whore said in wonder.

"We could tell, slave. It was quite obvious. Part of the reason was your focus on Rhonda. Did you detect any wavering in Whore's attention to you while she was spanked or fucked, Rhonda?"

"None, Domina. Whore is excellent slave material."

"Take another brief rest, Whore, then start on Master. Essentially, seducing a cock is much the same as seducing a cunt. Focus on extending pleasure to your Master. While an orgasm will the be inevitable conclusion of your work, let him enjoy the journey as much as the destination. Listen to his body. What makes him feel the most pleasure, what the least. Search out all of the places which give him enjoyment. There are far more than just the nerve endings in his cock. Your tongue, your lips, your fingers, your breasts, even the hair on your head can be used to tease and please him. Skin is an erogenous zone and he has a lot of it. Don't ignore the rest of him for the little patch between his legs. You may wash your face, Whore. You've got cum all over it."

"Thank you, Domina."

She hadn't returned when our doorbell rang. The only people we were expecting was the Thornhill's. I told Whore to answer the door nude and if it was her Master to kneel when he entered the house. She rushed to the door and we followed along more leisurely.

It was indeed Bill and Evelyn. Bill was holding a carry on, Evelyn had a purse and make up case. Robert was holding a larger suitcase. Whore was kneeling for her Master.

"Scott, I was wondering if you had room for Robert in your house or I should send him to a nearby motel?"

"We do have an additional room," Master said. "The bed will need to be made up. We don't leave sheets on it. Rhonda has the other bedroom upstairs as she works nights Sunday through Thursday and we want her daytime rest to be relatively undisturbed farther from the noises in the basement. The other bedroom downstairs was turned into a nursery for Lucas. Rhonda can show Robert where the sheets are and help him make up the bed."

"Great, thanks. Robert, get your suitcase and take it upstairs with Rhonda. Evelyn, you may strip. How is my other slave doing?"

Lisa was taking Bills luggage to our room while Robert went to get his suitcase. Evelyn was getting nude. It was quite easy when you only had one garment to worry about. She knelt beside Whore when she was done, a proper slave.

"Very well, Master Bill," I replied. "She's been learning to lick cunt while ignoring distractions such as getting fucked or punished. She was about learn to do the same while sucking on my Master's cock, but she might as well start on yours instead."

"I was hoping to be trained fully before attempting my Master, Domina. I wanted to be perfect for him."

"Nonsense, Whore. You'll do fine. It's not that much different from pleasuring a cunt. We just discussed it. You performed superbly on Rhonda. You shouldn't have much more difficulty performing on your Master. Sir, you may want to removed your clothes. Whore is learning not all of your nerve endings are located in your cock. I'll hang up your suit. Have a seat and let Whore entertain you."

Bill leaned down to caress her face. "Show me how much you've progressed in your training, Whore."

He removed his clothing and I took his suit and hung it up in our closet since he would be staying as Master of the house, folding his other things, leaving them on one of the chairs. When I returned to living room, Bill had taken a seat and Whore was performing her seduction, doing much as she had when pleasuring Lisa and Rhonda. Bill certainly seemed to be enjoying it. He had an erection already, though Whore was mostly ignoring it at the moment, concentrating on other pleasure points. She was doing much as I had done when I'd pleasured him at Brianna's while we were suffering through Master's temporary madness.

Evelyn still knelt on the floor, awaiting her Master's attention. She might not get it for awhile from all indications.

"Master Bill, if it would please you, I'd like to show your other slave the hospitality of our house."

He groaned, "Whatever you wish." Whore was squishing his cock between her breasts, licking the top of his cock each time it appeared as she moved up and down.

"Please join me on the couch, Evelyn," I said, helping her up. "I would dearly love to play with you."

Robert returned and followed Rhonda up the stairs. I wondered if I'd be fucking him again. I'd enjoyed his cock in me last night at the restaurant, but it had felt rushed, one of many trying to use me.

Since Master wasn't going to enjoy Whore's mouth, he enjoyed Lisa's cunt, as she rode him in the other chair, trying to fill her belly with a baby.

I laid back and pulled Evelyn into my arms, kissing and fondling her. When she seemed warmed up, I moved down her body, looking for her liquid core. Just before disappearing between her legs, I glanced over to check Whore's progress. She was lightly holding Bill's cock, licking and sucking the stones in his sack. Good, she'd paid attention. Evelyn gasped and climaxed when my tongue slithered up her slit from perineum to clit, gathering the nectar leaking from her cunt.

Evelyn had four orgasms in the time it took Whore to give Bill one, but the one he got was a doozy. He had her head in his hands, thrusting up into her throat as he have several strangled cries of pleasure, pumping her mouth full of cum. Whore was doing as I'd said, savoring his cum, enjoying every jet of seed he was releasing, not swallowing immediately. Her mouth was awash with his cream before she swallowed it all.

"Oh, fuck" Bill panted. "I detected a lot of you in that blow job, Julia. That was incredible."

"I'm glad you liked it, Master Bill. Whore is progressing very quickly. I have no doubt she'll be the perfect slave for you before her week is up."

"Would you teach me to give oral pleasure like that before we go back to LA? I want to give my Master pleasure like that when I suck him off."

"Of course, dear girl. We can practice on him tonight," I said, kissing her.

"I'm afraid I can't tonight, Julia," she said shyly.

"Why not?"

"She'll be otherwise engaged," Bill said, smiling. "Since Scott is leaving me with his three slaves and another one in training, I've decided to let Evelyn go with him to Los Angeles. I wasn't really thinking of how much he was giving up when I asked him to build my house in LA. Every other week, he's gone, neglecting you three beauties and doing without himself. I suddenly feel it was quite rude of me to ask."

"You're paying me a great deal of money, Bill," Master said. "I knew what I was getting into when I accepted. You don't have to loan me your wife."

"I didn't know what you were getting into. I didn't think, and no, I don't HAVE to loan you my wife. I CHOOSE to loan you my wife. It's a big difference. I talked it over with her last night and this morning and Evelyn felt she would enjoy serving another Master for five days, learning the variances between different Master's and learning to please them. She definitely enjoyed her time with you after her sale. We'll talk every day while you're working and I'll be down in LA on Thursday to see how she's doing and make sure she still feels the same. Plus I feel it's only fair since you're sharing yours."

"That's not why I did it, Bill. I wasn't doing it because I expected tit for tat, or even tit for tit."

Bill laughed. "I know you didn't. If you'd expected it, I wouldn't do it. My slave is more valuable than for me to go swapping her to every Tom, Dick and Harry who's willing to share someone. I'm doing it because I like and respect you, know how highly you prize your own slaves and trust you implicitly to see Evelyn is well taken care of. And I'm doing it because I know she'll enjoy every second of her subservience to you."

"Not every second, Bill. I still have to work on your house. And eat, and sleep."

"Then every second you're available to her, Scott," he said, laughing again. "She can use the hotel pool, or even visit Brianna during the day. I'm sure Brianna would send a car for her, or she could take a taxi. Just tell her what time you want her back."

"Thank you, Bill. I'm incredibly honored and even amazed you're doing this for me. I don't take it lightly."

"Nor should you. You're one of only two men in the world I would trust her with for that long. She'll need the carry on, her purse and make up case. I hope you keep her naked most of the time, but if you should choose to take her to dinner or out dancing, she'll have something to wear."

"Not a problem. Even I get hungry for more than slave once in awhile."

Evelyn blushed. I didn't often see experienced slaves blush anymore. New ones all the time. They were still getting used to their subservience and all it required. Perhaps it was because it was my Master and not her own saying it.

I kissed her again. "I know you'll take good care of my Master for me."

She hugged me; two naked slaves boob to boob and cunt to cunt. "You know I will," she said, "as well as you care for mine."

The slaves started on lunch, including Evelyn, but excepting Whore. "You can continue to practice, Whore," I said. "Robert looks as if he needs some relief. I want you to notice the differences between different men. They're not cookie cutter cookies. Every man is different and will like different ways of doing things. When you're finished with Robert, I want you to tell me five things he liked differently from your Master. Robert, remove your clothes. You're about to get the experience of a lifetime."

He did too, nearly levitating from his chair as Whore finished him off twenty minutes later.

Our Master's were served drinks while they waited. There was quite a bit of grab ass in the kitchen as we worked. We enjoyed each other's company immensely, but you know slaves; any tit in a storm.

******

Sooner than I'd wish, it was time for Master to leave, taking Evelyn with him. Evelyn was saying goodbye to her Master in the manner of sex slaves everywhere. Master had cum often today and needed to save himself for Evelyn later. But we were still saying goodbye as wives or lovers, kissing him and wishing him well.

"When you bring Evelyn back on Friday," I said, "she should have trouble walking upright, Master. Prove to Bill what a virile, manly fucker you are."

He laughed. "I suppose I should worry about the same thing."

"With four of us and only one of him, it's unlikely, sir," Lisa said. "I mean, even Rhonda finds him cunt worthy. I don't know how he'll have the energy for four of us."

We all laughed again, Master hugging us, a group grope.

"Although," I hinted, "Lisa's cunt is off limits and Rhonda is starting work again tonight, sir. If he lets Robert in on the fun and games and Whore and I are the primary beneficiaries of their cocks, we might, at least, hope to walk bow legged by the time you get back."

Master kissed me. "You slut," he whispered. "Your slut, Master. Always," I answered back, arching my naked body against him, feeling his erection under his pants. "You might want Evelyn taking care of that on the drive. I wouldn't want you to suffer a rupture or something worse."

"I think I'd be okay if you'd stop rubbing it."

I lifted my hands up. "Fine. You've got a new slave to fuck now. I understand why the old ones wouldn't hold as much fascination."

He kissed us all again. Robert was loading the luggage into the truck. Evelyn was finished with her Master, being helped to her feet by her husband, receiving a kiss and a whispered goodbye, dressed for the drive.

Once they were gone, I mixed Bill a drink, grabbed sodas for the rest of us, told Lisa to get Lucas and we adjourned to the patio and pool. Robert had stripped off again, joining the rest of us. He did some stretching and calisthenics and then started in punching on the heavy bag, using the bag we kept for kick boxing and Rhonda to practice self defense for work. I needed to discuss some things regarding Whore's training with Bill and wanted her out of the way. I told her to disappear for a minimum of half an hour and offer herself to Robert, asking for permission to come back before she returned. Robert decided to partake and had her bent over, clinging to the bag while he fucked her cunt.

"We were discussing some of the things you might want to do with Whore this week, Master," I said. I outlined some of the things we'd all discussed last night.

"Those sound pretty good," Bill said. "I definitely want to buy her some totally slutty outfits and having her seduce a clerk in the store has appeal to me. A blow job in a full restaurant would set her down a peg. What's the name of the waitress in this place?"

"Sharon, sir."

"I think she should lick her cunt too, don't you?"

"If she's working, she probably can't, sir," Lisa said.

"You think the management at Luigi's would be more intractable than the one at Trelio's?" Bill laughed.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"You'd spend that much a second night in a row?" I asked.

"Oh, I don't think it would cost much more than a hundredth of that. I'm thinking maybe a thousand dollars for them to look the other way while I borrow their waitress for a half hour."

We laughed. Considering how Sharon had enjoyed her reward for her initial largesse, I could see her enjoying more right under management's noses. "If Whore is threatened with the Slave Trainer, I doubt you'll have any trouble making her see reason."

"What do you think about the Slave Trainer?" Bill asked.

"Oh, we hate it unconditionally, sir. It's the worst device ever for a sex slave," Lisa said. "It's our least favorite punishment. I'd rather get 100 hard swats with The Enforcer than wear a Slave Trainer for one charge. We live to cum and not cumming is horrible."

"Would you recommend I get one for Evelyn?"

"We like Evelyn, sir. Why would we recommend you get one?"

"Why does your Master have one?"

"Well, it is very effective on new slaves, especially in getting them to do something they don't want to do. Master used it on me to get me to swallow cum, which I detested for the texture, and to get me to lick a cunt for the first time. He got me to seduce the sales clerk and suck his cock in Luigi's using a Slave Trainer. I used one on Rhonda to encourage her to break her gold star lesbian status and fuck and suck cock. Unless there is something you want Evelyn to do which she's currently reluctant to do, you don't need a Slave Trainer. But it will help break Whore down to where she's more malleable and willing to submit to your will."

He nodded. "Tell me, do you have a reputable gentleman's club in Fresno?" Bill asked.

"Gentleman's club?" I asked, unfamiliar with the term.

"A strip club," Bill said, "but not a dive, preferably one with an amateur night. I was thinking Whore could do a strip tease for the clientele, maybe a show, masturbating for them."

"Not in Fresno," Rhonda said, "not a decent one. There are two, both with seedy reputations for drugs and prostitution, and not a little blood spilled occasionally. I wouldn't trust either of them. We get called to one or the other at least once a week."

"Rhonda would know," I said. "If she says no, don't go, sir."

"Too bad. I think it would be beneficial for Whore to do something like that."

"What about a bachelor or bachelorette party or a frat party, Master?" Lisa said. "Fresno State is nearby."

"Mmm. Interesting idea. What do you think of that idea, Rhonda?"

"As long as she's not paid for sex, sir, it would be legal," Rhonda said. "I'd think it would be tough to arrange on short notice."

"Oh, the sex would be free," Bill said. "Like I said, I was thinking of some kind of show, maybe a blow job for some lucky winner, draw names from a hat or something."

"As far as arranging it on short notice," I said, "I think if Master Bill called one of the frats and offered to pick up the tab for the booze, it could be done in a heartbeat."

Rhonda replied, "Since California has a 21 year old drinking age restriction law, providing alcohol to anyone who wasn't, would be a crime. If you provided alcohol for an entire frat, someone would need to make sure no one underage drank."

"It seems odd to me we can talk about letting an 18 year old get his cock sucked by Whore as long as she isn't paid, but he can't have a beer while getting it sucked," Lisa said.

"Politicians make the laws, I'm forced to uphold them. No one I know has ever accused politicians of being rational."

Bill laughed. "No, not rational at all. It seems we still need something humiliating for Whore. Keep it in mind over the next couple days. I want her humiliated to the point she doesn't think of herself so highly."

"We thought she should fuck everyone who played poker, sir. We'll need to get Jerry and Reneé here some evening. Plus she'll be taking care of our cum break every day at work."

"Cum break?" Bill asked.

We laughed. "Since half of us are naked slaves and we all work naked, and we've needed cunts for slave training purposes, we started offering a cum break at lunch. Anyone who wants one, can get licked until they cum. No one who hasn't licked someone before, has to do the licking. We only used to do it when someone was being trained to lick cunts, but we've decided doing it every day at lunch made the rest of the day go easier. Everyone likes them. Said it's the best company benefit they've ever had. Should I get reservations for Luigi's for tonight, Master, and see if Sharon is going to be working?" I asked.

"I think that's an excellent idea. Make them for seven again if she is, otherwise, we'll try again tomorrow. Do you mind if I check out your operation?"

"Yes, sir, to the reservations, no problem to checking us out. I'll make sure the non-slaves know you'll be checking it out so they can dress if they wish to. Most won't care, but a couple might. Should I get my parents to baby sit, sir?" I asked.

"No, I think Robert should earn his keep. He's gotten more sex in the last weekend than he's had in a month as far as I know."

"Does he know how to feed and diaper babies, sir."

"He should. He raised three, though he's divorced now."

Rhonda interrupted. "I have to work tonight and I wouldn't mind napping before I have to leave. I'll look after Lucas and you can let Robert drive so everyone can drink. Well except Lisa, anyway."

"Why isn't Lisa drinking?"

"She's trying to get pregnant, sir. Her cunt is off limits, except to Master and she can't drink in case she does catch. But you may still utilize her ass or mouth, sir, plus she's always good for licking cunts."

"Hey!" Lisa said.

"Don't protest to me," I said, kissing her. "You're the one who wanted a bun in the oven. Do you know how to change diapers and feed a baby, sir?"

He laughed. "In a pinch. It's why I pay nannies. I don't mind putting the food in one end, but it's nice if someone is taking care of the opposite end."

Speaking of babies, Lucas was starting to act hungry, so needed to be fed.

I got out of the hot tub, picked him up, and put him to my breast, the easiest way to feed the little rascal. I picked up my phone and called Luigi's.

"Hi, this is Julia Rivers. May I ask if Sharon is working tonight? - Excellent, I'd like to make a reservation on behalf of William Thornhill for five people at seven PM at Sharon's work station tonight. - Thank you. I appreciate it."

"Reservations are made, Master."

Robert had finished with Whore and she was cleaning him at the conclusion of his fun, then he began working on the heavy bag again. Whore was looking to us for further instructions. I hadn't gotten to enjoy her practice today after I'd trained her and wouldn't mind someone taking care of my needs while I fed Lucas. I waved her over and sat down in a lounge.

"Whore, you didn't practice on me today after I trained you. I'd love to cum. I want the same as I gave you."

"Yes, Domina."

I leaned back, closed my eyes and went to heaven.

******

Lucas had stopped drawing milk and he needed some solid food. I told Whore to leave my cum on her face for the rest of the afternoon and follow me into the house. I had her hold Lucas while I worked on his food.

"Do you dislike me, Domina?" Whore asked while I scurried around the kitchen.

"I don't believe I either like or dislike you, Whore. I'm somewhat indifferent to you."

"Have I ever mistreated you, Domina?"

I paused, thinking.

"I had very little contact with you before you joined the poker game," I said, beginning to move again. "Prior to my slavery, it was primarily Ron who played and we had limited occasion to socialize. I don't remember you being particularly friendly. I believe you didn't like Lisa playing with the boys after her divorce, thinking she was out to attract one of the other players. Since you started playing, I've been a slave and you've never treated me as anything other than a slave. Primarily, I was there for your pleasure and not much else. If it had nothing to do with licking your cunt, you pretty much ignored me and any other female slave. I think you have more problems with women who aren't submissive, such as Shasta and Sarah, than you have with us. I don't know how to analyze that. For some reason, you perceive them as more of a threat to you personally, than you do slaves. At least, that's how I see it. I suppose I think of you as haughty and stuck up, getting along easier with men than women."

"You may be right, Domina. I've always liked men more than women. I don't know why. And I know I'm bitchy sometimes. Shasta and Sarah do get my goat. I don't know why."

"Would you like to feed him?"

"I've never fed a baby before, Domina."

"Nothing to it. Hold a spoon up to the mouth as long as they keep taking it. Stop when they seem to refuse any more of anything."

She took the spoon and started feeding Lucas.

"You've had very little contact with Shasta, so I don't know why you dislike her so. The night you came while Sarah and Ron were here, I didn't think you were trying to reward Ron for apologizing to you," I said. "It felt like you were trying to make Sean do something he hated as a way of getting back at Shasta for some unknown reason. And if you'd been a man, I suspect the way you fucked Shasta's ass would have really hurt her. I never felt you wanted to hurt me, being indifferent to me yourself, but it seemed you wanted to hurt her. What made it worse, is she'd just started to have sex again after years of doing without. You seemed to be wanting to rape her all over again."

"I think I did, Domina," she said, guiltily.

"Why?" I asked.

"I don't know, Domina. Perhaps it's the way all the slaves defer to her. The way Scott and the other men respect her in a way they don't me. Because she has a toughness I don't have. If I'd gone through what she'd gone through, I would have killed myself. It just made her stronger."

"That's remarkably perceptive, Whore."

"Yes, Domina, though self realization has never been my strong suit."

We were both silent for some time as she fed Lucas. He started rejecting most of the food she tried to feed him.

"I think he's done," I said, "and looks like he's ready to sleep. Give him to me and I'll change his diaper and put him down."

She handed Lucas to me, but followed me into the nursery, watching what I did.

"I think it's the money, Domina" she said, out of the blue.

"What's the money?"

"The reason I don't interact well with people, Domina. Even Ed and Rob. I mean, they have jobs, but I'm essentially supporting them by having them live with me. I don't particularly respect them and don't think I even treat them particularly good. I look to them for sex and companionship, but not much else. I don't know how Master does it. He's got way more money than me, but he's friendly with everyone."

"Because money doesn't matter to him, Whore."

"How can money not matter to him, Domina? He has more than God."

"He likes what money can do for him, enjoys having it, but it's not how he judges people. Have you ever seen him treat anyone with less than kindness and respect? Except the asshole who tried to video us last night, I've never heard him raise his voice or treat anyone with contempt. No matter who they are, from child to pauper, he acts and listens as if they were important. Look at the people he's spending time with. Brianna has money, and the rest of us are not hurting for it, but Shasta didn't have five hundred dollars to her name until he gave her the house. She was struggling as a single parent supporting a mother and a child. He was helping her because she needed help. He became her friend because he appreciates her as a person.

"He values people for their character, not their wealth. He doesn't care if you have money. He worried about Evelyn being sold to you, unsure of how you'd treat her, which is why he helped Master win his hand. Even if you didn't exactly mistreat her, he wanted her to be treasured. Knowing how Shasta was treated by you, he couldn't let you have Evelyn. His friendships will always be based upon whether or not he respects you as a person, not how much shit you have. If you act superior towards people because you have money, he's probably not interested in you as a person.

"You remember what he was making you repeat as he gave you your spanking yesterday? Be kind. Have compassion. Treat people as if they matter. He was giving you his mantra. It's how he treats people. I think he was trying to pound a little of that into you."

Whore was silent. She followed me back to the hot tub, getting in with us.

After we'd all been sitting quietly for ten minutes, resting with our eyes closed, Whore said, "Thank you for your guidance, Master."

"Guidance about what, Whore?"

"Everything, sir."

Bill looked at me. I shrugged. After everyone else closed their eyes again, I smiled.

******

We got to Luigi's a little before seven, and the manager himself, led us to our table. Peoples eyes followed us. William Thornhill was well enough known that even if you didn't recognize him by name, you thought you knew him. Like a character actor you've seen in a dozen movies, you know you've seen him before, but not exactly where. Even without his presence, they might have watched as we three slaves were scantily clad by most normal measures for Fresno. Nothing exactly visible, but a lot on display; plus both Bill and Robert were good looking, fit men, who'd normally attract some female attention anyway. Glasses of ice water miraculously appeared.

"Sharon is one of our finest waitresses, sir, but if you need anything more, please ask me personally." Money talks.

"Thank you. I'll let you know."

Within three minutes, Sharon was standing at our table. She noticed Lisa and I right away. She looked around to see if anyone was listening.

"I'm not going to have any trouble with you two today, am I? The manager is going to keep his eyes glued to this table. If you pull any of your usual stunts, he'll know."

"Excellent," Bill said. "He should know what goes on in his restaurant if he's going to be an effective manager."

"Mr. Thornhill, sir, haven't I met you somewhere recently?" Sharon asked.

"He was at our bonding ceremony, Sharon. His presence wasn't exactly advertised," I said.

"Oh my God, yes. You look a lot different with your clothes on, sir," suddenly realizing what she said, blushing.

"Don't we all, Sharon. You were there with your husband, Phil wasn't it. You looked quite different then too."

Sharon blushed even redder, realizing she'd been naked at Brianna's just as he had, and he knew exactly what she looked like under her waitress uniform.

"At some point tonight, Sharon, probably after we've been served our wine, and while we are waiting for the food we ordered, I want you to remove your underwear and sit down at our table. We have a slave in training who is just learning how to be pleasing to a woman. We'd like one of her cunts to be yours. I know you enjoyed having yours licked, didn't you?"

Sharon couldn't get any redder and was flustered on top of it, knowing Bill had seen her getting her cunt licked and possibly other activities she'd participated in. Her husband had fucked her by the pool at one point, inhibitions usually disappearing after spending much time at Brianna's.

"I can't, sir. I'd get fired for sure."

"I don't think you will."

"I know I would, sir, and I need the job."

"Call your manager over."

"Sir?"

"Bring him over. He said if I needed him for anything, to speak to him. I'd like to speak to him."

"Please, Mr. Thornhill, don't get me fired."

"It is not my intent to get you fired, I promise."

Sharon got her manager and came back with him.

"Yes, sir, what do you need Mr. Thornhill?"

Bill pulled three, one thousand dollar bills out of his pocket. I'd never seen a thousand dollar bill. I don't think anyone else had either, except possibly Robert.

"At some point this evening, I'd like to spend a little bit of time with your waitress, Sharon, getting to know her a bit more. She seems fascinating to me. No more than say, thirty minutes of her time. I realized this may cause a little inconvenience to you, but you don't seem horrendously busy tonight. Would two thousand dollars mollify you for the inconvenience?"

"Yes, sir."

"The other thousand is for the other wait staff who might be inconvenienced by having to work a bit harder than usual during our chat. You'll make sure everyone else gets this, won't you Sharon?" He handed the bill to her.

"Y..Yes, sir," Sharon replied.

Bill started to hand the other two thousand to the manager, then pulled it back. "Mr. Mason, part of the reason I'm giving you two thousand dollars is I'm hoping you can overlook anything which might seem out of the ordinary at our table. These long white tablecloths look as though they might cover up a few minor indiscretions and one of these ladies seems inclined to express her appreciation for the fine meal she's about consume at your establishment, if you catch my meaning. I'm not being unreasonable am I?"

"No sir, not unreasonable at all."

He looked at all of us women, wondering which of us wished to express her appreciation. Whore blushed and shifted uncomfortably, knowing what she'd be doing later, which he noticed. Lisa and I didn't blush. Even if I was the one who'd be expressing appreciation, I wouldn't be blushing.

Bill smiled and handed him the two grand. "A pleasure doing business with you sir. Oh, and one other thing. I would take it badly if anyone were to suddenly treat Sharon any differently as a result of my visit tonight. I'd hate to have to buy this restaurant and put her in charge."

"I would too, sir. You can be assured she'll be treated as she always has."

"Thank you. You may leave now." He scurried off, sticking the money in his pocket.

"I don't think there's any risk of you being fired, Sharon. When you remove your underwear, could you give them to me so I know you're ready? I'll give them back."

"Yes, sir. Would you like the wine list, sir."

"No. Bring me the wine you like the best. One bottle as only three of us are drinking tonight."

"Yes, sir."

She left and Bill turned to Whore. "I want you to do for the waitress what you did for Evelyn earlier. She shouldn't cum for at least fifteen minutes and cum at least four other times. You'll also be doing the rest of us, but all you need to do is make us cum once. It doesn't need to be the production you'll give her."

"Master, a lot of people are looking at our table."

"People frequently watch me when I'm out. Get used to it. So what if some people know you're sucking cock under the table. Your name is Whore. The name will fit and the management won't do anything about it. You're lucky they won't see you doing it, only know that you are."

"Yes, sir."

Sharon returned to the table, handing Bill a small paper sack, smiling at him, blushing again. She opened the bottle and made a pour, handing him the glass.

"It's a chianti, sir, and many of our guests seem to like it."

Bill rolled it in the glass for a few moments, then sniffed it. "Nice aroma and body." Took a sip. "Excellent flavor, stays with you, but no harsh aftertaste. A good choice, Sharon."

"Thank you. Would you like to see the menu now?"

"Please."

Sharon handed out five menus. "I'll be back shortly for your orders."

"Is this the first time you've walked around your restaurant without underwear, Sharon?"

She smiled. "That sounds like a very personal question, sir." Bill laughed. She left without answering.

"As soon as you've decided on your menu choices, Whore, tell me and then you should probably get started. You can begin with Robert."

"Yes, sir. Can anyone tell me what goes well with cum?" Whore asked.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"I didn't really consider that when I had to suck Master's cock in here," I said. "But I would think any of the stronger flavored dishes like the tomato based sauces would do well with cum. I'd stay away with the lighter flavors like the Piccata or Francese."

"You sucked your Master's cock in here?"

"Yes, but he didn't pay two grand to be ignored. We had to be sneakier about it, although Sharon caught us in the act. It's how we became friends with her. Master had assigned me a task earlier which I failed and I was wearing a Slave Trainer and unable to cum unless I made him cum first. I was desperate to suck his cock so I could climax. She caught me. I told her my husband had just given me jewelry and I was thanking him. When she caught me doing it a second time, she found out I couldn't cum unless I made Master cum first. The task I'd failed was to get a woman to lick me. She asked Master if she licked me, would he remove the restrictions on my orgasms. When he said he would, she met me in the bathroom and licked me to a fast orgasm so I wouldn't suffer the rest of the night."

"So she's a bisexual then, Domina? I thought Master said she had a husband, Phil, or something."

"She isn't a lesbian or bisexual. She'd never been with a woman before. She did it only because she saw me suffering and took pity on me. She didn't even let me return the favor to her. At least not until just before our bonding ceremony. Her husband asked her why they was being invited to this thing in LA and she finally told him what happened. She thought he'd be angry, but all he really wanted was to see me return the favor, maybe watch her do it again. So I invited Sharon and her husband over to watch us have sex with Rhonda and I. It was the day before you came over. Master wanted it recorded and in order to get them to agree, Phil got to fuck my ass, which Sharon would never let him do."

Bill listened to my account with interest. "Sharon licked your cunt despite never having done it before because she felt sorry for you? That's the only reason?"

"I believe so. I mean if I were bi-sexually curious, I'd probably be more interested in finding out what it felt to have mine licked than to lick someone else's. She knew I was suffering badly from how desperate I was to suck Master's cock in the restaurant in front of anyone who cared to look."

"Do you still have the recordings, Domina?" Whore asked.

"No. Master got rid of them immediately after watching. I think he was mentally preparing himself for us having sex with men again, but he didn't want to hold anything over their heads. It wouldn't be right."

"I have to say, I think it makes it even better that Whore will pleasure her," Bill said. "Such empathy for others should be rewarded."

"That's the way I felt about it."

Whore looked at her menu again and chose the eggplant parmigiana with the house salad. She looked around, realized there was probably no moment when no one would be watching, slipped under the table as surreptitiously as possible and we heard the sound of Robert's zipper come down and the sibilant sounds of soft sucking under the table. Robert had a dreamy expression on his face when Sharon returned to take our order.

She shook her head slightly. "Does anyone know what the missing one wants?"

"Eggplant Parmigiana and house salad," Bill said. "I'll have two orders of the Bruschetta and an antipasto as appetizers for the table, the Toscana Pork Chops and Mediterranean salad."

Since Robert was cumming at the moment and appeared incapable of speaking, Sharon turned to us next. Lisa ordered the baked pasta dish and house salad. I liked it too. Grilled chicken, shrimp, and prosciutto sautéed with a cream sauce, baked with mozzarella and served over campanelle, but I got the Grilled Salmon Piccata instead.

Whore was sliding back into her seat. "Not planning on any cum tonight then."

"Wouldn't matter to me if I was," I said, laughing. "I think salmon would go well with a creamy sauce."

Sharon shook her head again, but smiling. She was getting used to us.

"And you, sir?"

Robert ordered the New York Strip steak sautéed in pizzaiola sauce with green peppers and mushrooms, topped with fresh mozzarella and served with Luigi's signature potatoes and vegetables.

"As soon as you put our order in," Bill said, "come and join us for your entertainment. Tell them to have the appetizers and salads ready in thirty minutes. Everything else fifteen minutes after that. You'll be too busy to bring it to our table before then."

Sharon blushed again, but she was smiling as she left with our order.

"Please make room for her to sit next to me when she returns," Bill said to Lisa and I.

"Yes, Master." I was aroused myself. I'd welcome Whore's tongue when it was my turn. We moved so she had the chair right next to Bill.

Sharon spoke to her manager before she returned so he knew she was out of commission for the moment. When she got back, Bill pulled her chair out, pushing it back in so she was under the tablecloth. He told Whore to begin. She slipped under the table again.

Bill put a hand around the back of Sharon's chair and another on the table in front of her so both were visible. He waited for her quick intake of breath which informed him Whore had started.

"Julia was just telling me how you became friends," he said. "Is it true you'd never been with a woman before when you licked her?"

"Yes," she said, throatily.

"Never thought about being with a woman before?"

"The thought never crossed my mind." There was a hitch in her breathing.

"Is it true you did it solely because you felt sorry for Julia?"

"Well, she is quite pretty and clean looking," Sharon said. "I'm not sure I would have been as sympathetic if she wasn't as nice as she was. First she told me she was sucking her husband to thank him for some jewelry, then it was apparent it was more than that. She actually looked quite desperate. She demonstrated for me later what the Slave Trainer was like. After I found out how bad it was, I'm glad I helped her out."

"I'd have to say I find you to be one of the most empathetic people I've ever met. To think you would lick some woman for the very first time because you felt sorry for her is quite remarkable."

Sharon was starting to pant a little.

"The woman who is working on you now just learned how to do what she's doing this very morning. I told her to make it extra special for you since I find your kindness so amazing. It's possible you might want to scream. It's what my wife did when the slave did this to her. If it helps you may grip my hand very hard. I could stuff a napkin in your mouth, but there are a lot of people here, and I'm sure they'd wonder if I was trying to smother you. Another alternative would be to kiss you, smother any sounds you may want to make with a mouth. I offer Julia's mouth or my own. If you feel like you might scream, squeeze my hand once for Julia or twice for me. You're going to get five orgasms, just so you know."

"Oh, God, this is incredible," Sharon whimpered. Her hips were rocking a little.

"It should be," Bill said.

"Is my manager looking at me?"

"I think half the restaurant is looking at you," I said. "We make quite the spectacle anyway. Mr. Thornhill draws quite a lot of attention."

"Oh, God. I'm never going to live this down."

"Then you might as well live it up," Lisa said.

"Why does she keep doing that? Bring me to the edge, only to stop?"

"To make the first one more special," I said. "Master William told her not to make you cum the first time for at least fifteen minutes. The next ones will go faster."

"How long has it been?"

"A little over ten minutes," Bill said, smiling.

"Oh, God."

She was gripping Bill's hand. Sharon's fingers were white, she clenched so hard. The minutes passed and I could tell her legs were farther apart and she'd slid towards the front of the chair. Her breathing was more pronounced, coming in little gasps. Suddenly her eyes went wide and Bill started kissing her, his tongue going tonsil diving. She must have squeezed his hand once. Sharon was making little jerking motions while her whole body shook. It looked like a wonderful orgasm. The next four went much faster. Finally, her grip on Bill's hand released and Bill stopped kissing her. She looked around dazed. As I'd said, about half the restaurant was looking, at least randomly checking, if not out and out staring. If Bill's hands had been anywhere else than where they were, people might have assumed he was giving her the orgasm, but he'd left them visible. He leaned back.

"Was it good?"

"You need to ask?"

He laughed. Whore's hand came up from under the table feeling around. Bill handed her a napkin and soon Whore's head was visible as she sat up, her face wiped clean. She was blushing, seeing all the eyes on our table. Another restaurant she might never come to again.

"I'm going to have to tell my husband what happened, since everyone here saw me kissing you."

"It's okay. You can tell him it was merely to keep you from screaming in the restaurant. The slave could demonstrate her skills on his cock as well if he doubts you'd scream from your orgasm."

"You said your wife screamed when she had her orgasm. Where is she? I know these two are attached to Scott and you said this slave was the one who made your wife scream."

"With Julia's and Lisa's Master. He's working in LA on my house and since I have the good fortune of using his slaves while I stay at his house, I've loaned her to him for the week."

Sharon looked at Lisa and I. "Don't be too surprised. You know what he allowed when you visited and saw how much we were shared at our ceremony. Master has relaxed his attitudes towards others sharing his slaves. It's strictly at his direction, but as much as he allows, we can do."

"You've got the strangest marriage I've ever heard of. Where's the black slave?"

"Napping before she goes to work tonight."

"I'd better get back to work. Your food should be coming up shortly, a half hour like you said. This has got to be the strangest thing which ever happened to me."

"Your job should be secure, but if you have any problems or it feels too weird for you after tonight, get in touch with me through Scott. I can make sure you're hired at one of my businesses. I even own restaurant chains if you want to keep working as a waitress, though none with a place in Fresno."

"Thank you."

He stood and helped with her chair, the perfect gentleman. She seemed a little wobbly as she went back to work. I'm sure she'd have some questions from some of her teammates.

Our food came out a few minutes later, and she had gathered herself together. She put everything on the table, smiled and said, "I'll be back with the rest in fifteen."

"Thank you, Sharon."

"You're welcome, Mr. Thornhill." Back to being a waitress again.

It was a very pleasant meal, just as all of our meals here were. Bill fed Whore, like she was helpless and she was; making her put her hands behind her chair and attaching her slave cuffs together. He mixed in the food with sips of her wine, feeding her most of hers while it was still warm. After she was fed, he released her and it was back under the table to service both Lisa and I. A fast five minutes for the both of us because we were horny slave girls who cum quickly. Then it was time for dessert and coffee; Limoncello Mascarpone, Cannoli and Tiramisu, Whore saving her Tiramisu for after she swallowed Bill's cum. I'm not sure I wouldn't have gone the other way myself, I've become so fond of the taste of cum.

Sharon came back with the tab and Bill handed her his Centurion card. She returned after running the card and waited while Bill added the tip and scrawled his signature. She picked it up and started to walk away, then wheeled around and returned to the table.

"I'm sorry, sir, but I believe you made a mistake, would you like me to run it again?"

"No mistake."

"The tip is ten thousand dollars, Mr. Thornhill?"

"Yes it is, and I know it's common practice for tips to be split amongst all the staff, but this one is for you alone. The other thousand I gave you is for everyone else. This one is for you. Contact me if you're given any problems over it. I'll cancel the charge and write you a personal check."

"Why? My service wasn't that great. I ignored you all while the new slave licked me. I expected maybe the thousand you were giving everyone else, since you were being so generous, but this is crazy."

"Consider it a reward for being kind to a desperate slave girl once upon a time."

"Phil is going to wonder if I gave you more than a kiss for this sum of money."

Bill laughed. "Maybe he should wonder. Might do him good thinking his wife's favors are worth ten thousand dollars."

Sharon laughed too. "Maybe I should hint that they are. Thank you ever so much."

She was halfway skipping when she left the table. Whore was looking at her Master in surprise and wonder. I was too, a little, but I was more used to his generosity than Whore was. He'd given Bernice a diamond necklace before he'd ever met Shasta or her family.

"Does your bank ever question some of the charges on your account?" I asked.

"All the time," Bill laughed. "My business manager knows better than to question anything I do, so he approves everything that crosses his desk. It's my money. I made it and I'll spend it any way I damn well please."

Our exit was as remarked upon as our entrance had been, Sharon waving to us as we left. Good for her.

That night, I got a Master's cum deposited in my cunt as Lisa's was off limits to Bill. It felt so good to feel his seed spurt into me.

******

SCOTT

On the drive, we had a long time to talk. We talked about what she was like before she became her Master's slave, their relationship to Sam, Marcia and Chantelle and how it came about. It was a nice chat and she was brutally honest about her behavior.

"Are you really happy to be joining me?" I asked.

"Yes, Master. I've enjoyed all the time I've spent with you."

"What are some of the differences between being very wealthy and us?" I asked.

"Well, if Master and I actually drive somewhere, Robert is driving and Master and I may play in the back, or we'll go somewhere by helicopter and this three to four hour drive would be over in thirty minutes. Having the time to chat in a car without actually having sex is one big difference."

"If you're not allergic to someone seeing you suck cock and believe I can maintain control of my vehicle while you suck it, we can have sex."

"Master! You want me to suck your cock on an open highway?"

"Yes, I do. My slaves have done it. At least we're not in the car. Everyone can see you suck cock in a car. Only people in other trucks will be able to see you suck mine."

"I can't believe I'm doing this, sir," Evelyn said, loosening her seatbelt. "What will my Master say when I tell him."

"He'll likely ask if you enjoyed it."

She smiled at me while lowering the zipper on my shorts. When she released my cock, it was already hard. She leaned over and heaven ensued. Three semi's honked their horns as we passed. Evelyn ignored everything until I pulsed into her sucking mouth.

"It's hard to believe I just orgasmed in Mrs. William Thornhill's mouth," I panted.

She sat up, swallowing the remains of my climax.

"And my cunt and my ass, sir. You've cum in every one of my orifices already. What more can we do?"

"I could cum on your tits, or your face. I could fuck your tits."

"I wonder if dried male cum is like a mud mask for your face?" Evelyn wondered aloud. "Would you have nice, smooth moist skin, or would it leave it dried out?"

"I supposed all we can do is experiment. Since I had my orgasm, why don't you pull up your dress and masturbate until you've had a couple?"

"And give more random truck drivers a thrill, sir?"

"Why not? It gets lonely out on the road. What else do they have to look forward to but the chance to glimpse a slave frigging her naked, bald, cunt?"

She smiled at me again, slowly pulling up the bottom hem of her dress, until the holy of holies was revealed.

"You're going to get me into a lot of trouble this week, aren't you Master?"

"One can only hope."

Four more truck horns greeted our passing and a busload of people were enraptured at the sight of the lovely Evelyn stroking herself in the passenger seat. Her eyes were closed. I don't think she saw them, but I'd be sure and tell her later when the time was right. Might increase the size and strength of her orgasm.

It was close to seven when we got to our destination and we both needed food. I stopped at the same place I'd taken Marcia and Chantelle for breakfast. It was close to the motel and convenient. Wouldn't you know it, the same harridan who'd given me a hard time with Chantelle was working again. Either working a double or had a shift change. She saw me come in with Evelyn, the third woman she'd seen me with in two weeks.

The thing is, she might not have remembered me normally; I'm not that noticeable. But every one of the women I'd been with could have been models, they were that gorgeous. Being with them made me noticeable, which put me on her radar. It didn't help that slaves were not conservative dressers either, though Marcia was heading to work, so not dressed like a slave.

"You need to quit bringing your chippies into this restaurant," she hissed quietly. "This is a family place."

Her name badge said Joy. What a misnomer that was. And chippies. That was from another era. Why not say lady of the evening, or scarlet woman or harlot?

"Joy, I don't believe this woman's husband would appreciate you calling her a whore," I said, just as quietly. Evelyn smiled and wiggled her huge rock in the waitresses face.

"Is that real?" She asked.

"As real as your bad dye job, Joy," Evelyn said.

She harrumphed. I'd never heard anyone harrumph before, but I recognized it when I heard it.

"How come you are in here with a different woman all the time?"

"Well, Joy, not that it's any of your damn business, but I'm a nice guy and they like me. They're my friends. They like to eat with me." (They also like to fuck me, but that's a different story) "I'm building this woman and her husband a new home in LA. She's here to inspect the progress, but if you're going to insult us, I'll be happy to take our business elsewhere and you can explain to your boss why you kicked Mrs. William Thornhill out of your restaurant. If he doesn't fire your fat ass when he hears it, he probably deserves to have this place torn down and paved over when her husband hears about it, family restaurant or not."

God I loved saying that. Nobody cared what Scott Rivers said or thought, but everyone cared what William Thornhill thought, as he'd proven on Saturday night. Should I get her fired or not. The bitch probably needed the job, but she definitely needed better people skills.

"You have jumped to some very faulty conclusions, Joy, based upon the fact you've seen me with three different women, which if you'd paid any attention at all, couldn't have possibly been prostitutes. None of them looked tired, or jaded, or worn out enough to be prostitutes. If you'd have guessed models, or actresses, it would have been more believable than to think they were whores, so fucking shame on you for being so ignorant. Perhaps I need to speak to your manager, because you suck at your job."

"Sir, I'm sorry, sir, for accusing you of something you're not, and to you, Mrs. Thornhill, for thinking you're a whore. I see now I was completely wrong, and I apologize. I'm very truly sorry."

"No, I'm not feeling the love here anymore. You've insulted a dear friend of mine and her husband, not to mention the previous women I came here with, one of whom was a deputy sheriff. Marcia, you know Marcia, don't you Evelyn? Your husband and her husband are great friends aren't they?"
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
"Very great friends," she agreed. "We do lots of things together." Like foursomes and fivesomes.

"I really think I need to speak to someone. This is completely unacceptable," I said.

"Please sir, it's not necessary. I'm sure I could comp your meal for you as an apology."

"You'd take money out of your employers hands because you were rude? That almost sounds like theft to me, or maybe fraud. I don't know."

"I'll pay myself, sir. It won't happen again."

"Should we give her another chance, Evelyn? I hate to give a place like this our business."

"It's been a long drive and I am hungry. If she's going to pay for the meal, I'm willing to excuse certain things she accused me of."

"Fine, as long as you don't wait on us and pay for our meal and a 20% tip to the waitress who does serve us, I don't need to speak to your manager, but I better not hear you making rude and snide comments to anyone else ever again and since I'm staying at the motel right down the street, I come here often."

"Thank you, sir. I'll have Meredith wait on you."

"I'll be checking with Meredith to make sure you gave her a good tip."

"Yes, sir."

Meredith came rushing over as soon as Joy spoke to her. She seated us in her section, giving us our menus. We gave our orders and she left.

"Would it be carrying the joke too far if I went under the table and gave you a blow job, Master?" Evelyn asked.

I laughed. "Probably, but more importantly; I figure I have maybe two more orgasms left in me tonight and I don't want to waste either one of them in your mouth."

"Good to know, sir. Your cumming in my mouth doesn't give me much pleasure anyway, though I'm happy to do it."

******

I was right about the other thing, too. When I was fucking Evelyn later and told her she'd masturbated in front of a whole busload of people, she went off like a rocket and it lasted as long a Fourth of July fireworks finale.

"You asshole, sir," she panted afterward. "Why the hell didn't you tell me you were passing a bus?"

"It wasn't a school bus and would have ruined your orgasm then and the one you just had now. Why the hell would I do that?"

"I was right, sir. You are going to get me in trouble."

"Only the good kind."

******

Bill called around 10:30. Since Evelyn was currently cleaning my cock, she told me to answer it.

"Scott for Evelyn."

He laughed. "Is she busy?"

"Not too busy. She should be done in a half minute or so."

"Just wanted to check in on her, make sure she's doing okay."

I put him on speaker. "You're on speaker, Bill. Talk away."

"Good evening, love. How are you doing?"

"Very good, Master," and she proceeded to give him a, not quite blow by blow, accounting of her day since we left. "How was your day, sir? How is Whore's training proceeding?"

"Quite well. She's upstairs keeping Robert a happy employee at the moment. I told her to offer him her ass. She spent a good part of her meal at Luigi's satisfying everyone, including Sharon for close to thirty minutes."

"Ouch! How much did this escapade set you back?" I asked.

"Less than last night. The manager was content to ignore what went on under the tablecloths and give up Sharon's duties for a half hour for only $2,000. My tip to Sharon was substantially more. I like her. She's a good person. She even had me kiss her to keep from screaming aloud when she climaxed. Said she'd have to tell her husband though, since everyone she worked with witnessed the kiss."

"Another restaurant Whore might never want to return to," I said. "How big a tip did you give Sharon?"

"$10,000."

"Wow! Even you might start feeling the pinch if you pay that much every time you go out to dinner."

"Not likely, unless I eat a hundred times a day."

He'd have to spend a million a day in restaurants to feel a pinch. Good God.

"By the way, I might have trouble punishing Evelyn tomorrow."

"How so?" Bill asked.

"I don't think the walls to the room are particularly sound proof and fifty swats can make quite a bit of noise. Don't want the guests complaining there's domestic violence going on in my room."

"Good point. I'm sure there are other times or places during the day it might be administered. Perhaps swing by Brianna's."

"If I go there, would you mind if I share Evelyn with Sam?"

"Sam is always welcome to share Evelyn."

"I forgot to say something previously, but if you'd like to incorporate Robert in your games with my slaves, feel free. They intimated before I left they would enjoy it."

"I'll keep it in mind. I'm intending to take Whore shopping tomorrow. Julia mentioned something about the department store where Gwen works. It's a large one. I understand Whore has done a lot of shopping there previously. This shopping experience will be somewhat different."

"I find the threat of a Slave Trainer does wonders. You might put an anal plug in her before you go. Gives her something to explain to the sales clerk she's trying to seduce."

Bill chuckled. "Goodbye, my darling. Keep me informed of your adventures."

"Yes, Master, and thank you again for this experience."

"You're welcome."

******

Fifteen minutes before my alarm was scheduled to go off, Evelyn woke me with her lips wrapped around my prick. I bent her in two like a pretzel again, driving deep. When she asked to cum, I denied her permission until she was begging for it, letting her cum just when I knew she couldn't take it any longer. We were lying in each other's arms after, catching our breath.

"What are you doing today?" I said. "Read a book, watch TV, spend your husbands money?"

"I don't buy nearly as much as I used to. I used to spend ten to twenty thousand a month on clothes. Went to all the fashion shows, bought the latest fashions. Owned jewelry out the yin yang. I have little need for clothes anymore most of the time. Master auctioned off most of my jewelry, gave the money to charity. The only thing he really kept was my wedding ring, a couple necklaces for when we might go out and a slave collar wouldn't exactly do. Now I have the diamonds decorating my cunt and nipple piercings. Why don't you take me to the house. I would like to inspect the progress, sir. Perhaps you can show me some of the design changes you made for Master."

"You'll be bored most of the time. We use porta-potties for bathroom breaks. I won't fuck you in front of any of the workers. That would be a rude misuse of Bill's wife. What he allows behind closed doors is completely different from what he'd want you doing in public, despite what happened at the restaurant. He had fairly tight control of that and it was his decision.

"I understand, sir. I think it might still be entertaining. Both you and your slaves seem to have a vivid imagination when it comes to sex. After all, you allowed me to masturbate while passing a bus. I shall do whatever you say."

I thought for a moment. I wouldn't mind showing her around the house, but that was maybe an hour tops. My crew was mixed sex, twelve men and two women and I trusted them to behave because I wouldn't tolerate any sexual misconduct, but I was less certain of the other crews working there, although I couldn't imagine anyone stupid enough to misbehave with Bill's wife. They all knew who she was, she'd visited often enough with Bill. If she was willing to tolerate some boredom, I could bring her along.

"Bring an iPad or book or something to keep you occupied. I do have to work."

"Yes, sir."

I had a thought. An evil, devilish thought.

"Did you bring any sex toys with you?"

She smiled. "A sex slave without toys. Whoever heard of such a thing, sir."

"Show me."

Evelyn opened her carry-on and her make up kit, showing me what she had. Anything which she had to hold was out of the question. That left a butt plug and a vibrator which could easily fit inside her cunt and wouldn't slide out if she were sitting on it, and a butterfly.

"How long do the batteries last on the vibrator and butterfly?"

"Two hours approximately on the vibrator and an hour on the butterfly, Master," she replied. "You're making me wet, sir."

"You're a sex slave. You're always wet."

"Wetter than usual, sir."

"So roughly three hours total for the two of them. We should start with fresh batteries and make sure we have replacements for after lunch. Do they have remotes, or do they need to be controlled by hand?"

"Remotes, sir."

"I've got an idea."

"I'm dripping, sir. I think I love your ideas."

"Get up and shower. We have things to do and we can't have you looking like a slut in front of the men. Make up your hair and face, pick out a skirt of a fairly conservative length, and a blouse which won't expose your assets, but will show your nipples are hard."

"Yes, Master." She jumped up and got ready. I put her toys in my briefcase except for her plug; she'd be wearing it all day.

I got dressed in my usual work attire. Khaki pants, a red shirt with my company logo on it. Jerry and I usually wore red shirts so the men could distinguish us easily. They had navy blue or green depending on their experience level. If I wanted someone I knew could do any task, I looked for a green shirt.

She came out of the bathroom damp and went to the closet and picked out a couple items, holding them up in front of her naked body.

"Like these, sir?"

"Those will do nicely. I'm going to insert your butt plug. I hope you can hold your bowel movements all day as you won't have a place to wash it if it needs to be removed."

"I'll be good, sir."

"Bend over the bed and spread your cheeks."

"Yes, sir."

She wasn't kidding about being wet. I thought I'd need to use lube, but it was unnecessary. I wet the plug in her cunt and easily pushed it into her bottom as she moaned.

"Get dressed. We're leaving in fifteen minutes."

"Yes, Master."

I finished my morning routines and put on my shoes. Evelyn was ready as requested. We swung through a drive thru to get breakfast, unwilling to face the harridan again this morning with another freshly fucked slave. We stopped at a store to pick up whatever batteries she needed for her toys, then headed for her new mansion.

We got to the site and I helped her out of the truck. "Don't call me Master in front of the men. Mostly call me Scott, but if the occasional 'Sir' slips out, it won't be the end of the world, I guess. I will address you as ma'am or Mrs. Thornhill."

"Yes, Master," she teased, smiling. "I'm accustomed to addressing Master as 'sir' or 'my husband' around others. I'm sure I'll do fine."

We went to the house and I told everyone that Mrs. Thornhill was joining us for the day. She wanted to see the progress we'd made and see how the men worked and if they kept busy or wasted her husband's money. She smiled politely at them as I went through the introductions.

"No horsing around. Please, treat her like a lady and try to hold down the usual profanity." If they'd heard her telling me to fuck her cunt last night or begging to cum this morning, they might have laughed. "I'll be showing her around for awhile, then she's going to just sit and watch. Maintain your professionalism people."

I walked her around the house, most of it just framed for now. Some the walls had some wallboard and plaster on, but most were still just framing. There was one room in which all of the walls were covered, which would be where she finally would put her toys on.

After the men left for their various tasks, I said, "Most of the alterations I made for your Master's use of his lovely slave won't go in until the final finished millwork. I can show you where some of it is going to go though."

"Please, sir."

I took her around the house and showed her where everything would be going. "Of course, the bedroom will have your bed which has a number of slave additions already, but, I'll be adding a slave cage to this room. It will pull out of the wall right here." We wandered into Bill's office/library. "The library will have both a penitent bench and a beam which will come out of the wall here from which he can suspend a delicious slave. Most of the rooms will have hidden suspension points, so he may hang a slave designed to hold your full weight if you're wearing suspension cuffs.

"The living room will have a whipping post, more stocks, and another St. Andrews cross. Even the kitchen will have a hidden space in the pantry, another cage which won't let you sit, kneel or lie down. You'll be forced to stand in it. There will be a lot of secret drawers and closets without doorknobs which can store an assortment of whips, paddles, plugs and dildos. Some of them will be set up for charging devices. Essentially, Bill will never be more than twenty feet away from a place in which to confine, torment and tease his slave."

"Oh, God, Scott. When do you think the house will be done. Now, I can't wait for it to be finished."

"End of July, or early August."

"So like two more months, sir."

"That's what I'm shooting for. The guest house is being finished contemporaneously, but as it's not as complex, might be finished earlier. You might be able to move in there while we finish the rest of the house. I put a few of the extras in there, since some of your friends also practice Dominance and submission, so if you have them over, they'll have some of the same features."

"I'm sure that will be appreciated by the Masters if not the slaves."

"Most slaves of my acquaintance seem to enjoy most of it to some extent. But I don't know any real harsh Masters. The Slave Trainer is the only device which seems to be universally detested by slaves."

"I hope you didn't recommend my Master get one of those."

"I don't know. What if he decided to acquire a second slave? He might need to train it. Would you be offended to share him with another? He can certainly support more than one."

"I never thought of it before. I've had him all to myself for so long, but I do admit to some envy when I see Marcia and Chantelle, or even your slaves. They get along so well together and can keep each other entertained when their Master is absent or resting. You leave your slaves for a week at a time, and they don't die from lack of affection and sex."

"Well, as I can't afford nannies either, it's been helpful with the care of the baby. Built in caregivers and baby sitters. Help with house chores, cooking, shopping and all the other things involved in running a house. You keep hearing how women can't get along together. Too much cattiness or jealousy, but I haven't seen a shred of it. They love each other as much as they love me."

"I guess I'd want some say in who it was, so I'd know if we were compatible the way your slaves are."

"I was lucky. Julia and Lisa were best friends ahead of time. Rhonda was a wild card, but being submissive to Julia probably helped a lot. It's not like you can squabble with your Mistress."

We made our way back toward the front of the house. I grabbed an empty big ten gallon paint bucket and set it up in what would be the front entry at some point in the future, though in a corner of it. I led Mrs. Thornhill to the enclosed room and removed her two vibrators and the remotes from my briefcase and replaced the batteries. She watched in fascination, wondering what I was going to do or make her do. I told her to put the butterfly on and she slipped it over her legs and adjusted it so the butterfly sat over her clit. I handed her the other vibrator and told her to insert it in her pussy.

"You will now go to that ten gallon paint bucket I set up in the entry. You will sit on it so your bare bottom sits directly on the lid of the paint bucket, adjusting your skirt so it covers you and the top of the bucket. I will keep the remotes, and I will randomly turn on one or both of your vibrators. It's quite busy there. A lot of the workers will be passing you. You will sit there, not moving, despite my turning your vibrators off and on. You are not to give away the fact you may be cumming to the workers and embarrass your husband. I will check on you occasionally to ensure you don't need to relieve yourself. Other than that, you will remain there until lunch. You may read a book or play on your iPad, but otherwise sit still. Do you understand?"

Since we were alone at the moment, she said, "Yes, Master."

"Go on, then. Do it now."

Evelyn had to move carefully to make sure the vibrator in her cunt remained there, but she moved to the bucket and did as I'd ordered, sitting on the bucket as if she were watching the workers moving to and fro. She reached into her purse and got her iPad. At random intervals, usually when I noticed no one else in the vicinity, I'd turn one or the other on, sometimes both. She usually started a little, then relaxed as she realized what was happening. She tried to remain blandly impassive, but sometimes, she'd get these expressions on her face, almost like as if she was daydreaming with a smile on her face and I'd know she was cumming.

I checked on her every hour or so, asking if she needed anything. Once, about mid morning, she asked for a bottle of water. Another time, she told me she was sitting in a pool of her cum and her pussy vibrator would slide out if she stood up unless she could hold it. A good warning, I thought. When she said she needed to urinate, I brought her big rag and when she stood up, and the vibrator slid out of her, I covered the top of the paint bucket, hiding the vibrator and the liquid pooled on the lid, waiting beside it while she used the porta-pottie. She came back and I had her put it back in when the coast was clear and rearrange herself.

"My bottom is getting numb, sir," she said, having adjusted herself on the bucket.

"We'll break for lunch soon. How many times have you cum?"

"Was I supposed to keep track?"

"No, just guess."

"Over ten, less than twenty." She smiled. "You can't imagine how much I've wanted to moan, or even scream when I was cumming and couldn't. There was someone close enough to hear. This has been dangerous fun, sir."

Lunch time came. We were too remotely located for a lunch wagon to roll around and guys and girls from the other crews living in LA, usually brought lunch boxes from home. My guys, living in a motel, usually had a run a few miles down the road and hit a mini-mart or McDonalds for lunch. I told my foreman I might need a little longer to take Mrs. Thornhill to some nicer place for lunch. He said he'd take care of getting the crew started when lunch was over.

The vibrator slipped out again when she stood up for lunch and I wrapped it in the rag and shoved it in my briefcase. There was a pool of liquid below where she'd been sitting. I used another rag to wipe it, then tipped the bucket over in place. I took her to a diner with cushioned booth seats and she had a hot roast beef sandwich with gravy and I had a corn beef on rye. When we left, I didn't head back to her house.

"Where are you going now, Master?"

"A WalMart or Target. You're right about the bucket; you need a softer seat. I'm going to get you a canvas camp chair."

"Will you be doing the same thing to me this afternoon, sir?"

"Of course," I replied, smiling.

"Then get a couple beach towels to put over the chair or people might think I've peed in it, Master."

"Good tip."

I not only got a couple beach towels, I got a cheap pair of cotton panties to hold the vibrator in when Evelyn stood up. They'd be thrown away at the end of the day, drenched in her fluids. When I returned to the truck, Evelyn took a quick look around, then told me to open my zipper when I got in the car.

"Keep watch, Master," she said, pulling my cock out of my pants. "Warn me if someone gets close, not like the bus incident."

She leaned over my crotch and gently sucked my cock. It only took five minutes for her to extract my cum, swallowing every drop. I went back to her new house and opened my briefcase to replace the batteries in her vibrator.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 6|
--------------------------------------------
"My briefcase smells like a whorehouse," I said.

"Something to remember me by, sir."

I laughed, pulling her vibrator out of the rag I'd wrapped it in, and replaced the batteries, then changed them in her butterfly. The rag was thrown onto the floor in the back. I told her to put everything back on.

"The pussy vibrator will just fall out if I try to walk, Master."

"Not today," I said, pulling out the panties. "Now you can walk around with it inside of you."

"Ooh, sir. That should be an interesting feeling. The plug in my bottom and this in my cunt," Evelyn said, sliding the vibrator back in. "I thought Master's liked to keep my fuck holes available."

"Well, I can't fuck you while we're here and both your holes are occupied anyway."

She put the panties on. I turned on all of her vibrators.

"Oh, fuck," she moaned.

"You're going to walk back to the same place with them both operating."

"If you could possibly describe how I'll be moving as walking, Master. More like crawling, I should think."

I laughed and got out of the truck, carrying the two towels and camp chair. Evelyn tried to follow me, but it was more of a halting, crabbed walk until I took pity and turned them off until she could sit down. I set up the chair in the same location as previously, putting one of the towels down over the seat.

"You'll still need your bare ass on the towel unless you want to soak the back of your dress."

She looked around to see if it was safe, then raised the back of her dress to sit down, tucking it in around her. I gave her the other towel to lay on top of her lap, to better hide the fact her dress was rucked up.

"This will be much better, sir," she whispered. "Thank you."

I turned on the vibrators again. "Don't thank me yet," I said. "It's not over til it's over."

She moaned. "It's like the vibrator is making my plug vibrate as well."

I left her alone. She sat there the rest of the afternoon, with her stimulants keeping her on edge the rest of the day. Over the course of the afternoon, she had another bottle of water and bathroom break. I'd see her legs and body tighten on occasion as a new wave of pleasure coursed through her, but on the whole, I don't think anyone else ever realized she was cumming frequently. I stayed there until everyone else had left. When no one else was at the job site but the two of us, I turned both vibrators on and left them on. Finally able to make a sound, Evelyn screamed softly as she climaxed over and over again.

She couldn't leave her seat. I hadn't given her permission yet. She watched as I pitched a rope over one of the bare interior rafters and screwed two eyebolts into the wooden floor, her eyes widening.

"Get up and strip, except for your panties," I said.

Evelyn jumped up, doing what I asked. Her panties were soaked. I called her to me, fastening the rope around her hands and tying them together and lifting her arms above her head. I fastened her legs to the two eyebolts with more rope, spreading them far apart, opening herself to me.

"We're going to inaugurate your new house a little early" I said.

I ripped her sodden panties off, catching the vibrator as it slithered from her slick cunt. I left the butterfly on and running. It wasn't in the way from anything I was doing anyway. I got a new paint stirrer and standing beside her, gave her the fifty swats she was supposed to get every day, though not all of them landed on her lovely bottom. Some found her breasts, some her twat, which is why I left the vibrator on, continuing to give her orgasms. She was thrashing, both in pain and pleasure, though mostly pleasure from the moaning she could now release.

The last of the fifty administered, I released her legs and my cock, and crouching, thrust into her cunt, making her spasm wildly. Lifting her legs around my waist, I fucked her tight cunt as she hung there, the anal plug making a snug fit for my cock despite the slickness of her soaking pussy. She orgasmed six more times as I fucked her, the butterfly continuing to stimulate her clit even as my cock reamed her cunt. Her exhortations of "Fuck me! Fuck my cunt, Master!" moaned into my ears. My cum rising, exploding deep into her as she sobbed in joy. The last few thrusts into her clenching cunt, milking the last of my cream.

I lowered her legs to the floor as I shrank and fell out of her, our cum running down her legs. I turned off the butterfly, and released her arms and she clung to me, like a drowning man, whimpering, "I feel so good, Master. You made me feel so good."

"Masters should make slaves feel good."

I put everything away, removing the eyebolts from the floor. She donned her clothes. She was right about the towel, it was soaked, though it hadn't gone through to the chair beneath it. I threw her torn, soggy panties into the construction dumpster. I put the chair into the truck, not thinking she'd want to come again tomorrow, despite the warm glow she was feeling now. I stopped at my usual restaurant and the witch wasn't there.

We sort of rushed through supper. I wanted to get Evelyn back to the room and fuck her again. As soon as we closed the door, we had our clothes off and I was fucking her from behind, turning and twisting the plug in her ass as I did, making her cum five more times before freezing, my cock throbbing my load deep inside her cunt.

We kissed and spooned for awhile, enjoying the afterglow of some terrific sex.

"Go remove your plug and shower. I need to make a few phone calls and get things lined up for tomorrow's work. Put a swim suit on afterward and we'll go to the pool."

"Yes, Master."

I made my phone calls, still talking when Evelyn padded into the bedroom, naked and drying her hair. She found her suit and put it on. It was a tiny bikini and didn't cover much. I whirled my finger around and she turned, showing me the T back, baring her buns. My cock twitched. Noticing, she opened her mouth and mimed sucking my cock. Christ, not yet. I shook my head no and she smiled.

Finishing my calls, I put on my swimsuit and we went to the pool. It was relatively quiet this time of the evening, the sun seekers gone, only a dedicated swimmer doing laps. We both got in the water, and I held her, rubbing her ass.

"I'm not taking you to work again tomorrow."

"Why not? I had a great time, Master."

"Because you were too distracting. I didn't get nearly as much accomplished as I'd hoped to. You do want it done on time, don't you?"

"For another day like today, I could be persuaded into a delay, sir."

"I'm not sure your husband would appreciate a delay caused by my fucking his wife."

"Very well, sir. I shall sit here, waiting for you with bated breath, alone in my misery."

I laughed, sneaking a finger under her suit bottoms, penetrating her. She whimpered softly.

"If I weren't worried about you needing the bathroom, I think I'd tie you spreadeagled on the bed to wait for me with your vibrators on burning through the battery."

She moaned, not all of it due to my finger; her imagination making up the rest.

"Do it, Master. Do it to me. Call Marcia and have her swing by our room and release me around 10:30 AM. I should be fine until then."

I kissed her. "Are you sure?"

"Yes, sir," she moaned softly, her cunt fluttering over my finger, cumming. I waited until her climax ended before withdrawing it.

"Very well, we'll call her when we get back to the room."

Actually, I was starting to recover, the longer I stood holding this delightful lady in my arms, the more my prick was responding, to the point I didn't want to get out of the pool. I told her to go sit up on one of the deck chairs until I could recover. She smiled and got out, getting more than a glance from the man who had been doing laps. I did a few laps myself until I felt it was safe to get out of the pool myself, taking her back to the room as soon as I'd dried off. Once again, as soon as we'd entered the room, our wet suits were off and tossed onto the tile floor in the bathroom and I was in her ass, so nicely prepared by the plug she'd worn all day.

I'd taken my damp towel beside the bed and wiped us both off afterward. I dialed Marcia.

"Good evening, Scott. You're back in town this week again, aren't you?"

"Yes, I am and I have a favor to ask."

"If you want to have sex again, I'd need to call my Master and ask if he's okay with it."

"Actually, I have Evelyn now and she's keeping me pretty busy. Where's your Master?"

"He and Chantelle took a couple of his kids up to Minnesota to visit his family. What are you doing with Evelyn?"

"Bill is allowing her to spend the week with me while he's in Fresno with my slaves. Which is the reason for my call. Do you believe you'll have anything pressing tomorrow?"

"Well, you never really know. Why do you ask?"

"I'm going to leave Evelyn tied to the bed with vibrators on at her request. She'll need to be released sometime between nine when the battery dies, and eleven, when she should probably be released to use the toilet."

"How kinky, Scott. Sounds like fun."

"Will you be working in the area and do you think you can swing by during that time? I'll leave a key in an envelope for you at the front desk."

"I'm working the area, and if I'm busy, I'll call by 10:30 to let you know I won't make it there before eleven."

"That's fair. Of course, if I get pulled off the job again, I'll have to punish her. I didn't get enough work done today."

"What happened today?"

I told her what happened at the house today.

"I'm tingling, Scott. You're such a naughty boy. Okay, we're set. I'll let her go or call by 10:30. I'll talk to you later."

It wasn't long before Bill called his slave again to check in on her. She was able to answer this time.

"Hello, Master. Thank you for calling to check up on me. Let me put you on speaker so we can all speak." She pushed a button and we were all talking. "Speaker now." She gave an abbreviated version of what we'd done today. Bill laughing for much of it.

"How's Whore's training going?" I asked.

"She's currently licking Lisa's cunt, Master," Julia said. "We took her shopping this evening after our laser removal appointment. I have some bad news about that. We actually have to let our hair grow in order for the lasers to work and they work better on dark hair than they do on blonde. He said to come back in a couple weeks after our pubes have grown out a little, but I may require more visits than Lisa and Rhonda as I have blonde hair. We've stopped shaving for now and we'll all have to deal with stubbly cunts for awhile."

"Whatever is required," I said. "What happened when Whore was shopping?"

Julia and Bill explained everything which happened during their shopping trip and both Evelyn and I were laughing when they were finished. Regina wasn't laughing, and neither was Lisa, who was moaning in the background.

"We'll tell you about the rest of her day when we see you on Friday, sir," Julia said. "She has to lick me again before she goes to Robert's room to get fucked. Robert wants her wearing her tail when he fucks her. We'll talk again tomorrow."

We broke the connection, and we continued to chuckle as we snuggled together.

******

JULIA

We had Whore wake Bill with a nice slow blow job. Lisa and I took turns nibbling on his nuggets while Whore kept her lips wrapped around his stalk. After he orgasmed, we got out of bed to make breakfast. Bill gave Whore her fifty swat spanking, doing the same thing he'd done on Saturday, making her repeat his statements. 'Be nice,' 'Be kind,' 'It never hurts you to be polite.' She had to repeat his litany of responsibility and respect for the entire fifty swats.

Shasta and Sean got there early so Shasta could get her cunt licked by the new slave. Whore kept licking her all through breakfast and even when the other workers started showing up for work.

"We got ourselves a new slave trainee," Shasta said. "She be providing everyone's cum break today."

I said, "Master William is staying at the house this week in our Master's absence. He wished to inspect our business operations this morning. You may wish to keep your clothing on if you don't want him seeing you in all your naked glory."

Reneé and Janet just laughed and took off their clothes anyway. Alice, Charlotte and Melanie shrugged and removed their own as well. Everyone was becoming less shy about their nudity. Next weekend, most of them planned to be posing for naked pictures anyway, masked or not. Only Melanie hadn't committed to doing it yet, still wanting to think it over.

We had to take the baby monitor with us because Rhonda hadn't arrived home yet, having to make a stop at the hair removal clinic first.

We took Bill into the basement and showed him our work spaces. He asked a bunch of questions about the pieces we were selling and their normal selling price. He asked about the cost of the raw materials, and our current sales and sales costs. He started making a bunch of notes in a notebook.

"How far behind are you in your orders?"

"We're not as far behind as we were at Christmas, as we hired Sean since then, and Melanie, and Charlotte got much better at the job, but the orders are still flowing in and we're back up to a two week delay again," Lisa said. "Master is designing another couple pieces and we expect orders to increase with the new products."

"Do you have more room for growth?"

"Not here. We were thinking we'd need to expand into some other building, hire regular employees. Maybe keep a small part of the business here for those who still like working naked." He continued working on notes and figures in his notebook.

Rhonda came home and told us we needed to grow our plumage again before we could have it removed.

"The laser can't remove what isn't there, Domina. There has to be hair for it to work on, including the hair pores. They recommended a couple weeks growth before we go back in."

"Did you cancel our appointment?"

"She told me to say you could keep it, Domina, and wouldn't be charged for showing up, but she might need to set a different time for your new appointment, so just keep it and set a new one."

"Swell, wasting an hour of our time," I said, "just to make a new appointment."

"We can take Bill with us when we go," Lisa said. "Do some shopping with Whore after."

"Good. At least it won't be a total waste. Go to bed Rhonda. I'll keep the baby monitor with me. I know you're exhausted by now."

"Thank you, Domina."

It wasn't fifteen minutes before Lucas was crying for some food. I went upstairs to get him and was suckling him when Bill asked if he could speak to me again.

"I never realized the potential and profit margins of building bondage furniture. I'd like to go into business with you."

"Mistress Shasta, could we have a moment of your time upstairs," I said. "Master Bill is wishing to make us a business proposition and we'd like your input."

"Keep working," Shasta told the others. "No fucking around just because we gone."

The four of us went upstairs and sat down around the dining room table.

"I've been running some of the numbers and here's what I'm willing to propose. I have furniture factories already and will take over production of all but your favorite bondage pieces, only that which you can successfully build at this location. I'm thinking of the beds for here, primarily, since they are more built to order. I would build everything else and pay you ten percent per piece sold for the use of your current designs and any more Scott can design. I'll pay Sean for the web design, but host the site on my own servers and run all the business through my own companies. For the pieces you still build, I'll pay you 80% of retail to cover shipping and administrative costs. For the pieces I build, mass produced as they remain essentially the same from piece to piece, I believe I can cut prices and costs ten percent and increase sales by forty to fifty percent with the advertising I can afford to do. I believe within a years time, your end of the monthly business would amount to this much money, with a lot less work on your part. Would you be interested?"

He slid us his notebook, with a number circled, a number fifty to sixty percent higher than we were making now. We three looked at each other.

"We're definitely interested," I said, "and we'd like to speak to Master about it when he comes back on Friday. We were thinking of cross selling Mistress Dark's bondage toys for ending our sales arrangement with her. She'd continue promoting our products on her website, and any of her products we helped demonstrate on our site as part of our sales photos and videos, would be referred back to her business."

"I don't see a problem with that. I have no subsidiaries selling sex toys anyway. It might actually increase her business as well. I do have a share of Brianna's Baubles. We could cross promote with her business as well for any jewelry you're wearing. I'd benefit twice."

"Could you provide us with a formal business proposal and we'll send it to Master to look over before he comes home."

"I'll have my business manager and attorney draft it up and overnight it to arrive Wednesday, both here and to Brianna so Scott can look it over."

"Thank you, Master Bill," I said. "I believe we have the opportunity to do business with you. I think we'd enjoy being a part of your company umbrella. If you would give us a moment to speak with one another."

"Of course."

He moved into the living room, taking advantage of Whore and fucking her ass. Apparently, talking about business and money was arousing to him. Looking at his numbers had stimulated me.

"What do you think, Mistress?" I asked. "Can we do much more than we're doing now without expanding?"

"No. Your employees already working hard. They're good people and they know the better they do, the more money they make. We don't have any slackers. They even like working here. We can't build faster without expanding and this a chance to expand without much risk. I don't understand all his numbers, but that last one looked pretty sweet to me."

"I agree," Lisa said. "Janet is going to have to go on maternity leave soon. Who knows when it will be my turn or Reneé's if she wants to get pregnant after her marriage in a couple weeks. We're going to lose her anyway for her honeymoon. If we have some slack capacity, we won't be sucking hind tit when people need to take time off. Right now, neither one of us feels we can take a vacation together without seriously hurting our production capacity. We might even get to build enough ahead of our orders, everyone could take some time off. We might even want to consider only building king size and larger, let Bill take the smaller beds. The rest should keep us plenty busy. We give up 20% on every bed we sell, but more than make it up on everything else which gets sold without sweating over every one. King size is our most popular bed size. We've only done the Alaskan kings for our friends. Getting rid of the administrative side of the business would also be a blessing."

"So we're all in agreement that if Master believes it's beneficial to us, we sell part of our business to Thornhill."

"I don't have a vote, but I think it's a good idea," Shasta said. "We still get to do what we want here and don't work as hard."

"Good. I have to give Lucas the rest of his food, but I'll be down shortly. I'll let Whore know when she needs to come to the basement for our cum break."

Lisa and Shasta went back downstairs and I fixed the rest of Lucas' food. When Bill finished with Whore, they both joined me in the kitchen.

"We have to make new appointments at our laser surgery clinic this afternoon, Master. If you'd like to go with us, we can do some shopping for Whore, and perhaps eat after. We'll pay for dinner. I promise it won't cost us nearly as much as the last two have cost you."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 7|
--------------------------------------------
Bill laughed. "Sounds like a plan."

"We'll need to bring the Slave Trainer," I said. "Whore might feel somewhat resistant to our plans."

As soon as Bill said yes to the Slave Trainer, Whore's face drooped like she'd lost her best friend. It's the way I felt when I had to wear one, as one of my best friends were my orgasms. At noon, Whore came to the basement and licked every cunt there to a quick orgasm. Shasta made her suck Sean too.

At 3:30, we left for the clinic after leaving the baby monitor in Rhonda's room. Fifteen minutes in and out, just changing appointment times. Lisa and I couldn't get ones together without waiting for another three weeks, so we got different times on the same day in a week. Even more reason to sell Bill part of our business. I told Bill about the nice sex toy shop we'd found and told him we should stop there before going to the Department Store. He had no problem with it so told Robert to drive there.

When we got there, I went straight to a section I'd looked at previously, but never purchased anything from. I got a foxtail anal plug. I told Bill I'd pay for it, and he nodded, amused.

After I'd purchased it, I asked the clerk, a young man, "We need to put this in the slaves ass right now. Is it okay if we do it right here in the middle of the store, or would you prefer we do it in the bathroom."

Being a young man worked in our favor. He could enjoy watching himself if she didn't go to the restroom. "No you can do it right here. I don't care."

I was sure none of other five people currently in the store would care either. They were all male. Whore was listening in horror at what I was proposing. Even Robert was enjoying the potential for spectacle.

"Thank you, sir. Do you have an open bottle of lube or will I need to wet it in the slave's cunt?"

"No open lubes, though I'd be happy to sell you one."

"No, not necessary. I'm sure her cunt will be more than wet enough. Please bend over and lift your skirt, Whore."

She looked at me with a look of utter dismay.

"You call your slave, Whore?" The clerk asked, a big grin on his face.

"It suits her," I said. She still hadn't complied, so I said. "It's going to happen, Whore. You can do it now without further punishment or wear the Slave Trainer all night."

Whore bent over the sales counter and raised her skirt baring her bottom. The other five men in the store immediately drifted closer to get a better look. This was better than whatever skin mag or porno film they'd been considering. I wet the plug in her cunt, which was indeed wet, then pushed it into her rectum.

"Wiggle your ass, Whore, show us what it looks like."

She was crying but she wagged her ass, much to everyone's delight and amusement.

"Stand up, let's see if your tail dangles below your skirt."

Whore stood and I'd chosen wisely. Her skirt covered the tail by about two inches.

"Thank you, sir. You've been most kind." I said.

"Any chance Whore can suck my cock?" The clerk asked. "My dick is harder than a poker."

I looked at Bill. "Go ahead, Whore," he said. "We have a few minutes to spare. I suggest you do it behind the counter so you're not visible through the window."

Whore dejectedly went behind the counter, knelt down, and began sucking the clerk's cock. He must have been excited. He climaxed within four minutes.

The store patrons asked if they could have their cocks sucked too. Bill said, "Sorry, we've got other things to do."

They were disappointed, but on the other hand, they'd just seen a great live show, so they couldn't be that upset.

We returned to the limo. Whore said she couldn't sit on her tail, so Master told her to lie on her stomach over Lisa's lap. It was time to explain what Whore was doing tonight.

"One of the first things Master made Lisa and I do was seduce a sales clerk in the changing rooms of the department store at the mall. You will be doing the same."

"Do you hate me, Domina?"

"I don't think of you in terms of like and dislike; hate or love. You exist. You're a slave. You need to be trained. If you're going to be a slave for a week, you might as well be a good one. At the moment, you're still thinking about you. Your embarrassment, your shame, your humiliation. You are not thinking about your Master, his pleasure, his desires, what he would want. It's always been about you, Whore, never about anyone else. You need to work on forgetting your pride, your station in life, your importance, and think about the person you're serving, whether it's the man in the sex toy shop, a clerk in the dressing room or the person who owns you for a week. Are you ready to pay attention to me?"

"Yes, Domina."

"Believe it or not, I didn't put that tail in your ass just for the fun of it or to make fun of you. I'm trying to save you from two and a half hours on the Slave Trainer. You can't just walk into that department store and ask to lick someone's cunt in the changing room. They'd probably kick you out of the store immediately for being a pervert. You have to work up to it, seduce the person you must serve. My Master put a vibrating plug in my ass. The head of the women's department was helping me. I got a lot of things I knew wouldn't fit, and as she was bringing me some things that actually fit, I let her see the plug in my ass, which started vibrating as she asked about it, causing me to bump my head on the wall.

"It surprised her to see me with a something in my ass, so she inquired about it. I told her I was a submissive and my Master required me to wear it. She did not know what a submissive or Master was, so I told her I was a voluntary sex slave and must obey my Master no matter what he required. I apologized for my behavior and said Master wanted me to have sex with her, lick her to an orgasm and if she agreed, my Master would let me cum. Otherwise, I would be kept on the edge of an orgasm all night without any relief. She took enough pity on me, she allowed me make her cum, not once, but twice. But she would not lick me, even though I begged her for it. I told her if she wouldn't give me one, I must go without orgasms.

"That was Gwen, the woman you met at the Memorial Day party. Why she came to that party is another story. My point is this. You must do the same. How you do it is up to you, but wearing that tail in your ass will raise questions, and give you a chance to explain yourself. If you can imagine for one second someone will totally ignore the tail in your ass, you're wrong. Even more than the butt plug in mine. Gwen might have ignored it, at least until it started buzzing in my butt and caused me to hit my head. This may allow you to succeed where otherwise you would fail. Perhaps you say you lost a bet, and you must do whatever the winner wants for one week and he wants you to lick her cunt in a dressing room. If she'll give you the chance, you will make her feel she's died and gone to heaven. If you can't get anyone to accept oral pleasure from you, you will wear the Slave Trainer all through our supper tonight until the battery goes dead. If you do lick one, you only have to wear it for an hour. If you can get her to lick you too, you won't have to wear it at all.

"Unless you're really lucky, and the woman is lesbian or at least bi-curious, or a submissive herself, she won't want to lick your cunt, so plan on wearing the Slave Trainer for at least an hour, but almost everyone is willing to cum if it's not going to cause trouble for them, provided you don't scare them away. Think of it like the men at Trelio's on Saturday. Even though you were naked and tied over a table, everyone was hesitant to start the sex because they thought they'd get into trouble. Once the dishwasher started the ball rolling because he had the least to lose, and showed everyone no trouble would ensue, fifteen people wanted to fuck you. Now if you think you can do it without a tail in your ass, remove it, but without some degree of empathy from the person who you're trying to seduce; you won't succeed. Having to wear a tail in your ass might make someone feel sorry for you. Those are the rules. If you think you can order someone to let you lick their cunt, go ahead. I think you'll have more luck playing to their sympathies."

"How will you know if I've succeeded, Domina?"

"For you, leave their cum on your face until we've seen it. For them, the clerk who comes out of a dressing room will be a lot different from the one who went in if she licked you. We'll be able to tell, believe me. You would too if you were watching for it. You're to pick out slutty slave clothes. Your Master will pay for them."

She looked up at Bill seated across from her. "I told you I'd replace the items I tore and cut off your body Saturday morning. This is your opportunity as long as you realize I won't pay for anything not appropriately sexy. I want them to be clothes a man would be eager to rip off you."

Whore nodded. We arrived at the mall and went into the store. Gwen was working but she didn't see us at first, waiting on someone else. If Gwen started waiting on Whore, she wouldn't have any trouble licking a cunt. Gwen might even lick her back, but it was someone else who helped Whore first. She was older, on the early side of her forties, I thought. Older women might be tricky, more conservative, less likely to experiment for the hell of it. I thought Whore would be working hard to seduce her.

Whore was explaining her boyfriend wanted her to wear sexier clothes, more like what she had on tonight than what she usually wore. Could she please get some help picking out some nice things to drive her boyfriend crazy. I thought it was a good start, personally. Gwen finally saw us and came over.

"Why are you girls here? You barely wear clothes anymore. Where's your Master? Wait, don't I know you from somewhere?"

The last question to Bill.

"Gwen, this is William Thornhill," I said. "He's staying at our house while our Master is in LA. We're here for the same reason we were here when I met you. A new slave is trying to seduce one of your sales clerks."

"Which one?" Gwen looked around and saw Whore with the clerk. "Oh, good luck. That's Edith. I doubt I've ever met anyone as rigid as she is. I think she was born with a poker up her ass. The slave will be lucky if Edith doesn't whack her with her purse, then stomp on her." A sudden light dawning. "Wait a minute, the billionaire, Thornhill. Oh, my God. Why are you in Fresno? Is that your slave?"

Bill smiled. "Temporarily. She lost a card game. She's mine until next Saturday."

"One of their poker games?" Gwen asked. "The ones where the slaves serve the players?"

"Yes, though this was a side game, after the main event. She bet a week of servitude against a hundred thousand dollars. How do you know about the poker game?"

"I was a slave serving at two of them."

"Not anymore?" Bill inquired.

"No. It's a long story. Julia can tell it some other time. Aren't you married? I read you have a wife. How does she feel about you having a slave for a week?"

"I do. My wife is also my submissive. She doesn't have a problem with it. She's with Scott this week since I'm spending the week with his three slaves. Seemed only fair under the circumstances."

"They're going to the dressing room," I said. "We'll soon see if we have a winner or a disaster."

"You don't mind we have a slave trying to seduce one of your clerks?" Bill asked.

"It's kind of hard to get snotty about it since Julia seduced me. Are you currently serving as their Master?"

"I am." Bill responded.

"Would you mind if I borrowed one of them for fifteen or twenty minutes. My husband does as well as he can, but he just doesn't understand cunt as well as Lisa or Julia do."

"By all means; take your pick."

Gwen took my hand. "No offense Lisa, but Julia was my first. It's hard not to remember your first without a certain degree of fondness."

"I understand completely," Lisa said. "She was my first too, and I've never gotten over her tongue in my pussy either."

Bill and Gwen both laughed and Gwen led me into the back room. She removed her panties.

"Given up going bare already, Gwen?" I said. "How quickly you've forgotten how nice it is to wear nothing beneath your dress."

"Shut up and lick my cunt, slave. I don't have a lot of time since Edith is also off the floor. I want three orgasms as fast as I can get them. If you're fast enough, I'll take a fourth."

"Yes, dear," I said, sliding her dress up over her thigh highs. "At least you're not wearing pantyhose."

I started pleasing Gwen's pussy and further words became impossible. Gwen had her first orgasm within four minutes, gasping "You haven't lost your touch." Each of the next two didn't take much more than three minutes either.

"Again," she moaned. "God, that feels good."

I hadn't taken long. We had time for the fourth.

"Leave my cum on your face until your Master tells you to remove it."

"Yes, Gwen."

"So no 'Mistress' anymore?"

"It's hard to call you Mistress since you served as a slave beside me."

Gwen patted my cheek, damp with her dew. "I did love it when you called me, Mistress. You may return to your temporary Master again. Here, a present for you." She handed me her panties. At least they were an attractive style.

"What do I need with panties?"

"Something to remember me by. Sniff them if you miss me."

I laughed and tucked them in my purse. We returned to the store floor. Master handed me his handkerchief. I smiled and wiped my face.

"Where's Whore?" I asked, seeing no sign of her.

"Still in the dressing room," Lisa said. "She hasn't come out yet."

"I hope Edith hasn't killed her and isn't trying to find some way to dispose of the body," Gwen said. "I'd better check."

Gwen went up to the door, knocked, then peeked in, starting to say, "Do you need...."

We couldn't see a lot from where we were sitting, but Edith was on the floor and seemed to be licking Whore's cunt. There was a quick whispered conversation and then Gwen closed the door. When she came back, she had a smile on her face.

"I'll be damned," she said.

"It looked like Edith was licking cunt, Gwen. Was she?" Lisa asked.

"Yes. Buried deep in the slave's pussy. I said, 'What's going on here?' and the slave said, 'Don't stop her now. I'm about to cum.' I told Edith she better damn well finish what she'd started and I'd see her the backroom when she was finished."

"Are you going to fire her?" Bill asked. "I'd feel responsible."

"No, but I've been hoping to get Edith to loosen up and not take things so seriously. Now I've got something over her, maybe she'll quit acting like such a fucking, stuck up Nazi."

Edith came out of the dressing room and Gwen pointed to the back room. Edith hurried to the back, her face downcast. Where I'd just been with Gwen. "Sorry, got to run. Store business, you know."

Whore showed us her face. Master nodded and she closed the dressing room door. Eventually, she joined us, carrying a dozen or so items.

"Do I need to have you model each of these items for me here in the store to ensure they are slutty enough?" Bill asked.

"I got a bra and panty set to replace the ones you ruined, sir, and I know I'm not to wear them while I'm a slave, but they are virtually transparent, so would qualify as slutty under most definitions. If the remainder are not slutty enough, you may punish me with a spanking of 25 swats for each one."

"What if the punishment were an hour in the Slave Trainer for each one?"

Whore thought for a moment. "Even then, Master. They are all quite slutty."

"I suppose I shall accept they're sufficiently slutty until you model them for us."

"Thank you, sir."

"Find someone to wait on us. Edith is getting a dressing down or an undressing. It was hard to tell what Gwen would do."

"Yes, sir."

Whore found another woman to ring up our order. She started to protest that Edith should ring up the purchases as she'd been working with Whore and should get the commission. Bill told her that Edith was answering to the Department Manager for an indiscretion and may not be available for some time. He handed her a hundred dollar bill.

"If you end up with the commission on this, you may give this to Edith for her help. If she gets the commission, you may keep it for your trouble."

She rang us up without another word of protest. The total was over $5000. Whore had chosen many expensive items of clothing, though from first glance, they were all sexier than hell.

When we got back to the limousine, Lisa asked Whore how she got Edith to lick her. Gwen was certain Edith might have strangled her if she even tried suggesting her cunt be licked. I was as eager to learn as Lisa was.

"Can I remove the foxtail plug first, so I can actually sit up like a normal person, Master."

"Be my guest," he said, handing her a handful of tissues to place it in since she couldn't wash it.

She put her hand behind her, grasped the base of the tail and pulled it out, wrapping it in the tissues. She sat on the seat.

"Domina was right. Edith was amazed when she saw the tail in my ass. She couldn't help asking about it. I told her I'd lost a bet with a man and had to do anything he told me to do for a week. I was so ashamed that he was making me wear a tail in my ass, but there was nothing I could do about it. I actually started sobbing. It wasn't hard. I told her I had to do all these degrading sexual things, and told her about you making me bend over in the store and wetting the tail in my cunt, then putting it in my bottom, followed by sucking off the clerk who sold it. She was quite sympathetic towards me.

"I told her the worst thing was providing sexual pleasure to others without receiving any myself. I told her her he didn't ever let me orgasm."

"What a liar," I interjected. "Master lets you cum."

"I've cum once today, until she licked me. It's not a total lie."

"So what then. She started to lick you?"

"Heck, no. I told her I was desperate and really needed to orgasm badly, and I'd not only pleasure her, but I'd give her $2000 if she'd allow me to orgasm. I wrote her a check, but kept it in my hand until she licked me to an orgasm."

"You paid her?" I asked.

"Master has paid people to allow me to pleasure people in their restaurant. Why can't I pay them to pleasure me?"

We all laughed. "Are you mad?" Whore asked.

Bill said, "I didn't prohibit you from doing so. Of course, you just turned her into a prostitute and you into a John, so there's that, but I'm not law enforcement and I'm not going to arrest you. I'll have to be more careful next time to specify you can't pay for sex. What made you think of it?"

"I looked at the price of the clothes you were buying for me and figured if I were buying them myself, it would cost me a pretty penny, so anything less than full price would be like me buying the things for myself at a discount and I wouldn't have to wear the Slave Trainer."

We all laughed again. "A word of warning," Bill said. "If you pay for sex again, it won't save you from the Slave Trainer."

"Yes, Master."

"I think I need you to suck my cock, Whore. It seems the evening's activities have aroused me."

"Yes, sir."

She dutifully unzipped his trousers and his cock sprang forth in all its glory. She sucked his shaft until he spurted his seed into her mouth, leaning back after cleaning him, smiling, knowing she'd gotten away with something.

I'd given Robert the address of a pleasant Greek restaurant we'd eaten at a few times. We went there and had no trouble getting in given the lateness of the evening on a week day. They had checked blue and white tablecloths but not long enough to conduct our normal shenanigans under and I wasn't going to give someone several thousand dollars to ignore us.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 8|
--------------------------------------------
Bill got the souvlakia, Whore and Robert got gyros, Lisa and I got Greek salads. Master inquired about purchasing a little extra tzaziki sauce, and they brought a small plastic cup of the cucumber dressing. The meal wasn't much more than sixty dollars for the five of us, even with wine for Bill, Whore and I, and coffee or soft drinks for Robert and Lisa.

When we got home, Robert said, "Pardon me, Mr. Thornhill, would it be fine with you if I fucked the new slave with the foxtail in her ass as some point?"

"Of course, Robert. I'll send her up to your room when we've finished with her for the night. You can keep her with you until six AM, at which time she needs to come back for her spanking."

"Yes, sir. Thank you kindly, Mr. Thornhill."

Robert went upstairs with a big bulge in his pants. I wondered how much sleep Whore would get.

William had Lisa lie down on the bed with her hips propped up a bolster pillow and he spread half of the tzaziki sauce all over her pussy and ass.

"Whore, lick Lisa clean. I don't want to find a single drop of sauce on her when you're done, or you will wear the Slave Trainer anyway."

"Yes, Master," Whore replied, obeying immediately. I washed her foxtail plug so she could put it in again later for Robert. I returned to the bedroom and Lisa was moaning in orgasm as Whore searched every nook and cranny for some sauce. Bill called his slave to check on her. Both phones were put on speaker so we could all speak to each other. Evelyn told us about her day and evening at the new house. Bill enjoyed the story. We told Master we would have to grow our pubic hair for the laser treatments to be useful, and he told us we could. He asked about Whore's training and so we told him about the foxtail, the clerk at the sex toy shop and her seducing the clerk at Gwen's store. I also told him Gwen had taken advantage of my presence for some pleasure for herself. They both thought the entire episode quite amusing. Lisa was cumming again. We hung up after and I realized we hadn't discussed Bill's business proposal. Oh well; he couldn't read the business proposal until Wednesday anyway. I'd tell him tomorrow.

Whore said she was done and Bill inspected Lisa very carefully, even checking inside of her cunt, and either it had melted to be indistinguishable from Lisa's own fluids or Whore hadn't missed a drop.

William had me lie down on the bolster and spread the remainder of the tzaziki sauce all over my cunt and ass. It was cold, but I knew a warm tongue would soon be bathing me and the coldness was a mere moment of discomfort.

"I don't need to tell you what to do or the consequences, do I?" Bill asked.

"No, sir."

I had six orgasms before Whore was done. Lisa was already asleep so I inserted the foxtail in Whore's ass again. Bill told her to tell Robert he had to fuck her to five orgasms as he didn't want her complaining of her lack of orgasms again tomorrow. Whore thanked him.

"You didn't have her suck you again, Master."

"Because I want to fuck you again," Bill said, smiling, "not spend myself in Whore's mouth."

"May I please have five more orgasms like Whore."

"We'll see."

I was riding Bill when Rhonda came in with the baby monitor, heading off to work.

"I'm sorry you were neglected this evening, slave," I panted. "I'll make sure Whore spends some time with you as soon as you get home tomorrow morning."

"Thank you, Domina. Did you have a nice evening?"

I was spasming again and didn't have the breath to answer immediately.

"Wonderful," I moaned when I could draw some air. "I'll tell you later."

"Have fun, Domina."

"Be safe, Rhonda. Come back to me."

She blew me a kiss and left.

******

SCOTT

I fed Evelyn before returning her back to my room. She didn't have anything to drink, knowing she'd be tied down for awhile and not wanting to have an accident in the bed.

Before securing her down, I asked her again if she still wanted me to do this.

"Yes, Master, I do."

"If this place were to burn to the ground while you were tied here, your husband will kill me. He loves you dearly."

"And what are the odds of that happening, sir? A billion to one. You'd have a better chance of winning the lottery."

I laughed. "I suppose you're right. I've changed the batteries on your vibrators. Put your butterfly on."

She slipped it up her hips and adjusted it over her clit.

"I'm leaking, sir. My juices are already running down my leg."

"We'll put another folded towel under you," I said.

I immediately did exactly that, folding the beach towel she hadn't sat on yesterday to four layers of thickness and putting it in the center of the bed. "Lie down," I ordered.

"Yes, sir." Evelyn got on the bed, spreading her arms and legs for me.

I tied her hands first, then her legs. When I was done, she looked so sexy and desirable, I fucked her, pounding her hard until I climaxed. She squirmed through a few of her own, helpless and loving it. I pulled out, my cum dripping down to her ass.

"What's a little more cum," I laughed.

I tried sliding the vaginal vibrator into her and it kept sliding out.

"Fuck!" I exclaimed. "It won't stay inside you."

"I'm not surprised, sir. Trap it inside me. Stick a boot or something on the bed between my legs to keep it from popping out."

"I've got something better," I replied. "Electrical tape. Wait here."

"Where am I going, sir. Tied, remember."

I laughed and went out to the truck and got a roll of electric tape. I cut two long pieces and put the vibrator inside her, fastening it inside her with the tape in the shape of an X over the top, fastening to her bottom and her hips. I inspected my handiwork.

"I want to fuck you again," I said.

"My mouth is available."

"No, I have to get to work. It will have to wait. You can cum as much as you want."

I took the remotes and turned them both on. She climaxed immediately. I left them by the bed. She might want to play with them later after replacing the batteries. Leaving the 'Do Not Disturb' sign on the door so the maid wouldn't walk in on her. I left one of the electronic keys in an envelope for Marcia.

"A deputy friend will be stopping by my room later to pick up something. Please give this envelope to them."

"Yes, sir. What's the friends name?"

"How many deputies do you have come by asking to get into a room?"

"Right, sorry. I'll give it to him."

"It's a her. She'll give it back to you after she's done so I can get it back. I put the 'Do Not Disturb' sign up. No one else is to go into my room."

"Yes, sir."

I went to work thinking of Evelyn helplessly tied to the bed with vibrators stimulating her to orgasm over orgasm waiting to be released. Periodically, I would think of her, back arched in orgasm, a growing pool of liquid pooling below her cunt, unable to move. Marcia going into the room, finding her like that, helpless, releasing her. I would need to start thinking of anything else again before my cock grew hard and I walked around looking like a fool

I got a call from Marcia at 10:30. I thought she'd gotten tied up at work and I was getting ready to go when she said, "Just wanted to let you know I released Evelyn so you wouldn't worry. She's fine, though a little exhausted."

"Thanks, I appreciate the call."

"I'll talk to you later."

"Great. Bill said he was bringing Whore to Brianna's on Thursday. Maybe I'll see you then."

"Whore? Bill is bringing a whore to Brianna's?"

"Not a whore, Whore, a female slave Bill has for the week."

Marcia laughed. "I can't wait to hear that story."

"So, see you then?"

"Maybe, whenever" said Marcia, a little mysteriously, I thought.

I relaxed a little more knowing she was safe and unhurt. I got more work done after the call. I skipped lunch, working through it to atone for my distraction earlier, knowing I'd be starving later but not caring. The closer it got to five, the more I started thinking of the little minx waiting in my room, thinking maybe I didn't need to eat that badly. Another 45-60 minutes not going to kill me if I waited longer.

I waited until everyone else was gone, not wanting to be the boss who ducked out for a little nookie. I stopped at the front desk to get my key and they didn't have it. Did Marcia forget to leave it for me? Hopefully, Evelyn was in the room and I wouldn't have to track her down at the pool or someplace. I knocked on the door. Evelyn opened it for me. There was a mask of fresh female cum around her mouth.

"Welcome, Master. We've been waiting for you. Well, not waiting, exactly."

"We?"

I stepped through the door and there was another naked form on the bed. Coming from the light to the darker room, I couldn't see exactly who it might be.

"Marcia has decided to join us."

My eyes were adjusting to the light and sure enough, Marcia was sprawled on the bed, a similar mask of cum on her face.

"Does your husband know you're here?" I asked.

"What do you take me for, a tramp?" She said, smiling. "Of course he knows I'm here."

"Okay, but why?"

"When I heard what you two were doing today, I called Sam and asked if he'd mind if I joined you. He said he was comfortable with it, especially after he knew your fucking would be spread between the two of us," pointing to Evelyn, now climbing back into bed with her. "I knew when I got here this morning and found the little tart all tied up in bed, vibrators dead, I would need to take advantage of the situation and make her lick my cunt. I can't do that kind of shit while working, so I just used a personal day. It was as I expected. As soon as I got here, I had to take advantage of her helplessness and I didn't release her until she was desperate to use the toilet. Maybe eleven-thirty or so."

"Calling to tell me she was free was a lie. You just didn't want me worrying about her, but you didn't let her go for another hour?"

"Yes, and now I've had all the girl/girl fun; I want to feel a cock in me, so as soon as Mrs. Thornhill and I get into another sixty-nine, I want you to plug a hole with your cock, which judging by your khaki's, you've been aching to do since you walked through the door, though maybe not the hole you expected."

"Which hole would you like plugged?" Always the gentleman.

"Anything but my mouth which will be busy licking Evelyn. I don't much care. Strip already. I'm getting impatient."

My clothes started flying every which way. It's the kind of situation you don't really want to be asked twice. Marcia was on top of Evelyn, and damn, that ass was tempting, but something slick and wet appealed to me more. I was not gentle. I rocked both of them an inch on the bed when I entered her.

"Oh, fuck," Marcia moaned. "I needed that. Sam's been gone for four days already. I haven't gone without cock this long since I was in the police academy and he was still in Florida. Fuck me with that big prick. Make me feel it."

I did. Every time I entered her, it was with a head of steam. A dozen strokes and she released, her cunt strangling my shaft as her pussy spasmed. Since she had the first one out of the way, I slowed down some to enjoy the sight of these two wonderful women pleasuring each other while I was confronted with the most beautiful ass on God's green earth. Despite slowing down, my daydreams during the day and the too long wait between orgasms combined with what awaited me, and I only lasted ten minutes before I was spurting into her molten cavern. Good thing we had the rest of the evening to go. When I fell out of Marcia, Evelyn was waiting, cleaning my cum covered cock before going back to do the same for Marcia.

"Ladies, I skipped lunch today to make up for the work I've missed the last couple days. I need to eat something to refuel or I won't last as long as you want me to."

"There's no way I'm getting dressed to go out," Marcia said. "Order something delivered."

"I concur, sir," Evelyn said, her head peeking from between Marcia's legs. "I don't want to leave the room."

"Any requests? Chinese, Mexican, pizza?" I asked.

"I don't particularly care," Marcia said. "I'm not here for the food."

"Chinese sounds good to me, sir," Evelyn said. "I haven't had it in awhile."

"Chinese it is."

I looked up nearby Chinese restaurants on Yelp! and found one that delivered.

"Is it okay if we just order like four things and share everything?" I asked.

"Fine with me as long as you order fried rice instead of white," Marcia said. "Maybe one beef, one shrimp, one pork and one chicken, I don't care what."

"That's good, sir. I'm sure I'll enjoy at least two things no matter what you pick out."

I ordered Mongolian beef, shrimp dim sum, sweet and sour pork and chicken lo mein. They said it would be forty minutes before they'd get here, plenty of time to take a shower and get presentable. I paid by card when I ordered so I didn't have to worry about cash. Evelyn and Marcia got in the shower with me, so it took longer than I expected, but I still had time to brush my teeth and throw on some shorts before the delivery person was knocking on the door. I closed the door to the bathroom where they were still drying off.

I took the bags of food and set them on the dresser, slipping him a ten as a tip. As soon as the door was locked, I told the women the food was here and it was safe to come out. My room was a small efficiency, so it had a couple plates, utensils, and glasses. Since I had the shorts on, I got sodas from the vending machine and as I was Evelyn's acting Master, I fastened her cuffs behind her back and fed her since we didn't have enough plates anyway. Marcia was not in slave mode so she fed herself.

As we ate, we told Marcia about the poker game on Friday night, Bill playing Regina for a week of her slavery against a hundred thousand dollars, her loss and subsequent submission. I said she'd acquired the name, Whore, as a form of humiliation for what she'd done to Shasta a few weeks earlier, Bill supporting his friend. We told her how Bill bought an entire restaurant for the night, having them serve just our table with all of the slaves being naked, then Bill offering up Whore and Evelyn to be fucked by the seventeen people working in the restaurant. I said I offered up Julia to take some of the load.

"Bill offered Evelyn to be fucked by a bunch of strangers in a restaurant?" Marcia said. "Our Bill, Evelyn's husband."

"Who else could afford to pay over $60,000 to buy the fucking restaurant for one stinking night?" I said.

"Master seems to have accepted some of the rules Scott has set for his slaves," Evelyn said. "He told Whore he wouldn't make her do anything he didn't make his wife do, so if he was to humiliate her in this way, he needed to offer me in the same way. That as long as my fucking is done with his permission under his control, he's willing to allow it. It's not that strange. Sam is allowing you to fuck other people too now."

"People Sam knows and trusts, not a bunch of strangers., which right now, is exactly two people."

"Bill was there," I said. "The driver/bodyguard, Robert, was there. Chen and I were there. People he does trust. He wouldn't have thrown her to the wolves by themselves. He was there to make sure things didn't get out of hand. His threats were pretty effective too. He said if anyone did something stupid, he'd buy the restaurant and burn it down to the ground with the offending parties in it. Everyone believed him. I believed him. Bill seems like a mild mannered guy, but don't piss him off or you'll find out how not mild mannered he is."

"And you don't mind Julia fucking a bunch of strangers? These are not people she'd fucked before like at your ceremony."

"I mind, and I don't, and I know that's a contradiction, but I'll likely always feel something negative when she fucks anyone other than myself and I don't care who it is, Bill, Sam, my poker buddies, whoever. I don't believe I'm wired to not care. But I can get used to it; to not feel as much. You know how much Julia's done for me. You're one of the presents she's helped arrange. Lisa, Rhonda, Lucia, Zoe, Dawn, Reneé, Janet, even my fucking sister, in that weird way California allows. The list feels endless. She has surrendered her own feelings about my fucking others completely. She is the most submissive person I know. There isn't one thing she wouldn't give me because I'm her beloved Master. If she can be the perfect submissive, I feel I should be, at the very least, a more generous Master. Knowing how much she enjoys sex, enjoys the fantasy of more than one person fucking her, I'm going to give it to her, even if I suffer a little in the process. I told someone recently I suffered when I shared her and suffered when I didn't, and I'd much rather my suffering come from generosity towards her instead of my own selfishness. Yeah, strangers fucking her was different. I wasn't crazy about it, but she enjoyed it so much. I don't want to take that away from her."

"If you offered Julia, why not Lisa?" Marcia asked, still trying to wrap her head around it.

"Trying to get pregnant, and not with random strangers. Her cunt if off limits for the present. She'll be open for business again when she's pregnant or no longer trying. Like Bill, I'm trying to treat my slaves the same."

"I don't know," Marcia said. "I'm having trouble understanding your viewpoint."

"Evelyn, was it exciting to you to be fucked by random strangers, knowing your Master found it acceptable to do so? Did you cum often?"

"The whole evening was tremendously exciting. Dining in a restaurant, nude, knowing people were seeing you so, knowing he had something planned, but not what. When I finally knew that I'd be serving as a gratuity for the staff and all the people who'd been waiting on me, would now be fucking me. I climaxed like crazy, knowing I was safe, but had all these different cocks in me. It was the same for the poker game. Knowing I was to be sold and not knowing who would own me or what they'd want. Knowing it was all under the control and will of my Master. I was glad you bought me, sir, because I did know you, but still, it could have gone many ways, based only upon the luck of the cards and skill of the players."

"Let me ask you this, Marcia. If you could, periodically, fuck someone different, like you are tonight, with the full knowledge and permission of Sam, would you do it? He's gone away, or you've gone away. He's not there for the sex you want and need, but someone else can stand in and it's perfectly acceptable to him. He's not upset. He knows you are happier having someone to fuck. It's not harming him in any way. It doesn't gnaw at him, eat at his guts. You know he won't be alone. He's got access to sex with someone if he needs it, whether it's Chantelle or someone else you don't care about; would you like to fuck other people? Take marriage vows out of it. Those are already bent way out of shape, if not broken, by how we're living our lives now. I'm sure your vows didn't contain the phrase you'd love, honor and obey and by the way, have another woman you could each play with. Would you enjoy fucking me or someone like me? A friend who both you and Sam trust?"

"Well obviously, I like fucking you, or I wouldn't be here," Marcia said. "You're presumably talking about some form of open marriage."

"A form. I imagine in a fully open marriage, anybody can fuck anybody without question or regard for their partners feelings or opinions on the matter. Julia's parents do that. They can date anyone they want, sleep with anyone they want, and other than the other person knowing it's going on, they don't know or care who it's going on with. I couldn't live with that. I don't want Julia or Lisa sleeping around with other people behind my back any more than Bill liked it. If I'm in control of who and when they fuck, and it's my choice if they fuck or not; it's different. If I left for LA for a week and they were fucking anyone they wanted, I'd be divorced. But giving them specifically to Bill, knowing he's the only man, because I don't give a shit about the women, it's not that bad. Just as he knows I will treat Evelyn well and take care of her. I know my slaves will be just fine.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 9|
--------------------------------------------
"Now most of the time, it's me. I do the best I can to keep them happy and I'll throw them a treat now and then because they love it, and I can live with it. But if I don't like Joe Blow, they will never fuck Joe Blow because I've got the control. It requires my consent. You've practiced knowledge and consent. It's happened several times during your marriage, and the marriage survived and grew stronger. You were able to accept Chantelle into your life, and your relationship grew stronger, just adding another person to love and care for.

"I think most of the concerns people have about infidelity involve fear. That's what mine was. Fear if my wife fucked other people, she would love them more, enjoy them more than me, that somehow, I would lose her, she would leave me for them. If I'm not afraid this is possible, unless I do something stupid like fail to love them enough or stop treating them with the care and respect they deserve, they will never leave me, why does it matter who they fuck? It's just sex.

"You're not going to leave Sam for me, no matter how much you enjoy fucking me. Nor will I ever leave Julia for you, no matter if you're the most incredible woman I've ever seen. I wouldn't do it to my slaves, I wouldn't do it to Sam. I couldn't harm Bill by even attempting to take Evelyn for myself. I love and/or respect all of you too much. So now it's just fucking, a physical act more intimate than a handshake, and maybe less than a kiss. So if Sam doesn't care, would you want the option of fucking other people; the variety of it, the excitement of sex with a new partner?"

"Probably, I suppose. Yes, damn it. It was tremendously exciting fucking you for the first time. It's not even you're a better lover; it was just different."

"I know my slaves enjoy it. I enjoy it. The past few days with Evelyn have been crazy exciting. It doesn't mean I don't miss my women and want to be with them again. I'll happily fuck you without regrets, and I'll let my slaves fuck Sam without regrets. It really doesn't hurt me, except this teeny, tiny bit of misplaced feelings of possession which I wish I could lose, but I can live with. It will make them, Sam, and probably you, happy to play with them. Nor will I be alone. My slaves will see to it I'm not. But we all need to decide what we can live with. I'm happy, my slaves are happy. I'm sure you, Sam and Chantelle are happy. Changing things won't necessarily make you happier, but it could. Change may not make you less happy, but it might. I've found the right balance for me, and I hope my slaves, knowing we can all enjoy a little variety."

"I don't think Sam would ever accept a multitude of different lovers for us."

"Perhaps not. It doesn't have to be a bunch of strangers in a restaurant. Maybe it's not a frequent occurrence. But every so often, a special treat with a select group of people he trusts or respects, knowing how much you did enjoy it, like today. I don't feel he's so far away from it, seeing you're here today."

She nodded and after I finger fucked Evelyn to an orgasm on my lap, I released her cuffs and we started packing away the remains of our meal.

"I need to leave by eleven," Marcia said. "Any chance you can fuck me two more times before then?"

"How willing are you to help me recover?"

"As willing as I need to be."

I whispered a few quick instructions to Evelyn. She nodded and kissed me with a twinkle in her eye, then went to follow my instructions. I met Marcia in the middle of the bed. No help needed this time. Remembering how Evelyn had enjoyed being bent up and how deep I got when I did, I put Marcia's legs over my arms as I leaned over her. She was bent in two with her ankles up by her ears and I entered her, letting her feel every inch of my cock in a single slow thrust that had our groins rubbing together.

"Oh, fuck!" Marcia moaned. "You're so fucking deep."

"I know you're not a slave today, but I want you to hold off on your orgasm as long as you possibly can. I won't fuck you fast; I want to go nice and slow. Give me some warning when you don't think you can hold out anymore. Can you do that for me?"

"I'll try."

I proceeded to give Marcia a nice slow screw. Every time I thrust, I tried to go from the crown of my cock to the base, every full cycle taking ten or more seconds to complete. The moans she made were the music of the angels. The fluids accumulated on my cock and leaking from her cunt were profuse.

After more than ten minutes, she said, "I don't think I'm going to last more than twenty seconds or so. I'm so freaking close."

"A few seconds longer," I said. "To the last possible second."

She moaned. I felt Evelyn getting on the bed behind us as instructed. I started moving a little faster.

"Fuck! I'm cumming," Marcia whimpered, spasming over my cock. As her climax started, Evelyn took the vibrator she'd changed the batteries in, pushed it an inch or so into Marcia's anus and turned it on, pumping it. It wasn't so deep it did much to me, but Marcia went off like a bomb. She was still cumming after three or four minutes, palpitating over my cock, buried balls deep in her thrumming cunt. She wasn't screaming, but the sounds emanating from her throat were a cross between a groan and a wail.

I finally felt her tremors start to ease, so immediately began thrusting hard and fast, hitting the red line on the tach. She immediately went into another climax, clinging to my prick like a drowning man to a life preserver. This one didn't last as long, but was just as powerful as the first. Just as it was about to die, I started pumping my cream into her pussy, turning it into a soggy mess.

My pulses gradually ceased and my shaft started shrinking, sliding from it's recent home. I turned to my side, so I wouldn't crush her, but pulled her with me, so we remained front to front.

"Jesus, Scott," Marcia panted. "What the fuck!"

I felt Evelyn begin to clean the mess we'd made; adjusting to give her more room to complete the job.

"It seems you liked that," I said, laughing. "Surprise. I thought Evelyn should have something to do so she'd feel like she was a part of it."

"No kidding," Marcia laughed back. "I didn't expect it, that's for sure. Seemed like it was going to be somewhat normal bout of fucking, until she stuck that thing in my bottom."

"I thought you'd enjoy the position. Evelyn liked it and Julia said it's the one she feels the least amount of control. Makes her feel more submissive. The vibrator was just a little extra since we had some additional hands helping."

Feeling we were clean enough I pulled Evelyn up for a kiss.

"Thank you, sweetheart. That was well done."

"I was happy to do it, sir."

"Marcia should reward you for helping her cum so hard, shouldn't she?"

"I would love it if she did, sir," Evelyn said.

"Perhaps she should lick your cunt while I fuck her ass?"

"You'll need to get hard again, Master. Would you like me to help you?"

"It's not necessary. Marcia said she'd do what she could to get me to fuck her twice. Right, Marcia?"

"Yes, Scott. I'll suck your cock if that's what it takes," Marcia grinned.

"While I'm recovering, Evelyn, make sure the batteries in your butterfly are new. I suspect Marcia will enjoy them."

I turned around and pulled Marcia over me. Her mouth found my limp cock immediately. I found her moist cunt moments afterward, tasting the sweet tanginess of her pussy parting over my tongue.

"Mmm, not bad, but you need to practice, Scott. You've gotten lazy with too many girls to lick cunt for you. You'd never survive if your slaves got to choose who they wanted to lick them. Sam is nearly as good as Monique."

She, on the other hand, had no problem engulfing my prick with a stellar blow job, even after I was hard. Perhaps she didn't know me as well as my own slaves did, but she knew her way around a cock.

When I was hard and knew I'd stay so for a few moments, I had Marcia put on the butterfly, the device going over her clit. Evelyn got in front of her, parting her legs. I turned on the butterfly with the remote and Marcia moaned.

"I'm going to fuck your ass now, Marcia. I want you feeling every last inch of my cock in your magnificent ass. Sam has said you like a hard spanking. If these motel walls weren't so damn thin, I'd spank it before I fucked it. And don't think I've forgotten about your spanking either, Evelyn. Every day I missed will be made up at a later time."

"Yes, sir," Evelyn gasped, cumming on Marcia's tongue, her hands curled in her hair, clutching her head to her spasming pussy.

I wet my cock into the creamy soup of Marcia's pussy a few times before easing my way into her ass. Marcia climaxed from the penetration combined with the tingling device stimulating her clit. Having cum a number of times tonight, I had more endurance than might be expected from watching my dick doing a dance in Marcia's derrière. Nor was Marcia neglecting Evelyn. She moaned in climax more than a few times on Marcia's lips and tongue. Every time Marcia orgasmed, her sphincter would tighten delightfully around my shaft as the waves of pleasure rolled through her.

"I'm going to fill your ass with my cum," I groaned, finally feeling my release approach.

"Fuck my ass with your big dick," Marcia whimpered. "I'm almost there again."

She just beat me to the punch. She tightened over my shaft, bringing on my own orgasm as she clung like glue to my prick. I pulsed, frozen in her fundament, spurt after hot spurt of cum jetting from the tip of my cock.

Evelyn climaxed just after I did, her muted sighs like violins to my throaty horn groans. We seemed like a sculptured tableau, bronzed figures locked in poses of bliss, until the tremors passed. The butterfly was still causing Marcia to tremble in aftershocks as it dragged out her orgasm. I turned it off and let it ebb.

"Damn, Scott! Once again you didn't disappoint," she said, collapsing to the bed, falling off my dick. "Very creative fucking. I'll need to bring some of this home with me. Are you always like this?"

"What can I say," I said. "You're inspiring. You're my fucking muse, but I'm sorry to say, I'm not always this inspired. I should be. I should try to make every time I get into bed with one of my slaves an adventure. Life seems to get in the way. Routine starts to set in."

"I know," Marcia said. "Sam and I did some pretty wild stuff when my slavery first started. It's still interesting and fun, especially with three people, but we're not as creative as we used to be."

"It was the same for us," Evelyn said, "until recently. Master has really surprised me the last few weeks. I think you've pushed him, sir. Other than the sex we had with Sam and his slaves, it almost felt as if we were an old married couple. So much has happened since your ceremony, it's hard to imagine."

"Perhaps I should pick a slave and plan something special each week," I said. "Really work to keep the magic alive. We agreed at one point to have date nights once a week; me with Julia, me with Lisa, and Julia with Lisa. The fourth week, we'd go out together as a group. Take one night a month, to really work on our individual relationships. Now we've added Rhonda, and I don't think we've ever done it. It's always in a group, and I don't mind the group. The group is good, but after this, I need to make sure I spend time with each of them individually and really plan for something new and fresh each time. At the moment, new and fresh frequently amounts to letting them fuck someone else. They should get new and fresh from me, too."

"I think you've got a great idea, Scott. Don't let life settle into a rut. Plan to surprise and reward your loved ones with something special on a regular basis. Chantelle and I rarely do something together, just the two of us. I can't remember the last time Sam and I went on a date together without someone else being with us. It's not that we don't have some alone time together, but not planned alone time, where I'm experiencing the great fuck I just had with you and not him."

"Pinky swear," Evelyn said, holding out a pinky to both of us, "always look for ways to surprise and delight our loved ones the way we did tonight for each other."

I laughed and hooked my pinky on hers, held my other hand out to Marcia. "Pinky swear," Marcia laughed. "You'd think we were still teenagers." Still she hooked her pinky on mine. "Fine. I promise to look for ways to enrich my love life with my loved ones."

"I fucking swear," I said, "to better fucking with my slaves."

I got off the bed and got a warm washcloth to clean both Marcia and I. I wiped her bottom before I wiped me.

"We still have about eighty minutes before I leave. Any chance you've got one more erection in you?" Marcia asked.

"I probably have exactly one, but I feel I'll be doing a disservice to Evelyn if I spend the whole evening fucking you. She's a slave who needs cock too."

Marcia kissed Evelyn. "Yeah, it is pretty selfish of me to expect to use all of your cock time."

"You gave me lots of pleasure as well, Marcia."

Evelyn's phone rang. "Master checking in to see how I'm doing," Evelyn informed us. "Hello, Master, I'm putting you on speaker and informing you Marcia is with us tonight."

"And I'll inform you Robert is with us tonight. Good evening all. How are you, Marcia?"

"Better now," Marcia laughed. "I just had a dick fix."

"That's right, Sam and Chantelle are in Minnesota this week aren't they. I'd forgotten."

"Did Master fuck you good, Marcia?" Julia asked.

"He fucked me great, Julia. I feel wonderful. I was hoping for a return engagement but he's reluctant to neglect your wife, Bill."

"That's good to hear."

"Actually, I took the day off and spent most of it with Evelyn. Scott tied her to the bed before he left for work this morning, with vibrators running in her cunt and on her clit. He asked me to drop by and let her go after the vibrators died. I knew I wouldn't be able to leave Evelyn alone once I arrived, so I just took the day off and used her hard before I released her."

"I'm sure she enjoyed that," Bill said.

"I did, Master. I thought I'd be alone all afternoon, but gladly, was not."

"Before I forget as I did last night, Master," Julia said, "Bill is offering to buy a piece of our company. A business proposal will be faxed to Brianna's tomorrow for you to take a look at."

"What do you think of the proposal?" I asked.

"Lisa, Shasta and I all liked the sounds of it, Master, but we felt we should get your input before making a decision."

"I've always felt it was yours and Lisa's business to do with as you saw fit."

"Still, you've run a business longer than we have, so your experience is valuable. Besides, if you must go to Brianna's to read over the proposal, you have another excuse to fuck Marcia, especially if she's missing cock."

Marcia said, "She's got you there, Scott. One more reason to plow my pussy."

I laughed. "Fine, I'll look over the proposal between bouts of fucking Marcia and Evelyn and let you know what I think. Are you still planning to fly back to LA with Whore on Thursday, Bill?"

"I am. Her training has gone well thus far. In fact, she's been rewarded by receiving her own name back. You can call her Regina again."

"How nice for Regina. I will leave Evelyn at Brianna's tomorrow night so you can see her on Thursday. I'm sure you're missing the little minx. She can keep Marcia company tomorrow night."

"I am and it would be much appreciated. Thank you."

"I'm assuming you've been keeping my slaves similarly occupied?"

"Hopefully, they're not missing the sex you provide too much, but I know they miss you."

"We do, Master," Lisa said. "Lots. No one can fuck my cunt when you're not here."

"We, and I mean all three of us, have been conniving together," I said. "Wicked and evil plans for rape and pillage. I'll be happy to show you on Friday."

"You're making me wet, sir," Julia said.

Bill and I both said at the same time. "You're always wet. You're a slave." Though I had a 'fucking' in there before the slave.

Julia laughed. "Wetter, sirs."

"Goodnight all," I said. Everyone else also said goodnight and Evelyn ended the call.

"I'm ready for my fucking now," Evelyn said. "You've rested enough."

"Marcia helped me get an erection so I could fuck her twice. Are you prepared to do the same?"

"Marcia was the person who taught me to suck cock properly. What do you think?"

"I think you'd better get started."

Somehow, I still had the energy to fuck Evelyn while Marcia rode her mouth. Then we had to say goodbye. I fell asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow.

******

 

--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 64|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-64|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<em>Whore earns her own name back. Scott continues his adventures with Evelyn and Marcia. This chapter contains oral, anal, lesbian, interracial and group sex including a triple penetration. It also contains bondage and discipline. STD's and COVID-19 don't exist in this fantasy. </em>

<strong>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 64 - Whore, Pt 3</strong>

JULIA

William fucked me the next morning while I pleasured my sister slave. Whore came in while we were fucking so her Master made her stand in the corner on display. After he filled my cunt with his cum, Bill called Whore to the bed. She was still wearing the foxtail she'd worn to Robert's bed last night.

"Robert told me to leave it in until you told me to remove it, sir."

"How many times did he fuck you last night?" I asked.

"Four times, Domina."

"Did you clean him off properly each time or will you be washing sheets today?" Lisa asked.

"I licked him clean each time."

"I just left some cum in Julia," Bill said. "I want you to clean her up nicely while Lisa cleans me. Give her two more orgasms in the process. Make sure you get every drop."

"Yes, Master."

Since it was his first orgasm after a night's rest, Bill left a substantial amount of sperm in me. I lay back on the bed and let her tongue search all the nooks and crannies for the seed he deposited in me.

"I think tonight after work we need to teach Whore how to go ass to mouth," I said. "Every slave should learn to suck her Master's cock after he's fucked her ass."

"Domina!"

"Don't complain, slave. You've seen both Lisa and I suck cocks after they've been in our asses."

"Only the worst kind of slut would ever suck a cock that's been in her ass."

Bill smacked her ass, hard, the sound reverberating around the room.

"That's twenty blows with the whip for disrespect to your Domina, twenty more for not addressing her by title and I guess you're the worst kind of slut, because you'll be sucking both Robert's and my cock tonight to a second orgasm after we've both fucked your ass. Not to mention the fifty swats you get each morning. You want to make it more?"

"Master, I don't have to do anything you wouldn't make your other slave do. Does Evelyn suck your cock after you've fucked her ass?"

"You'll see Evelyn do ass to mouth at Friday's poker game," I answered, interrupting as I didn't know how Bill might answer but Whore was doing ass to mouth for certain. "You'll do yours tonight as Master ordered. Master, I'll get The Enforcer, since Whore is so clearly in need of severe correction. Afterward, we'll suspend her for her whipping. I think it's time the slave spent more time in the Slave Trainer. It won't come off her until she begs to suck your cock after you've fucked her ass."

"I completely agree with your plan, Julia. Over my knee now, Whore."

Whore reluctantly bent over her Master's knee. I got The Enforcer and handed it to him. The mantra's he gave her to repeat this morning were focused once again on respect, and more on her slavery. Lisa went to get started on breakfast.

"I am the worst slut in this house." Swat. A squeal of pain followed by her repeating the message.

"You will always treat your Domina and Master with the respect due their station of superiority." Smack.

"You are the lowest whore I know." Crack.

"Everyone deserves more respect than you." Pop.

"I will obey any order I'm given." Thwack.

It was the worst spanking I'd seen Bill give. As bad as most I'd ever had, especially considering it was done with The Enforcer. Whore wouldn't have any bruises, but she'd feel it for the next couple hours. Nor did he bother to give her an orgasm, before, during or after. He wanted her to feel every smack to the full extent. Whore was sobbing quite profusely when he finished, barely able to repeat his words back to him from the crying. When it was over, Whore was suspended from the bed and a spreader bar placed on her to keep her legs apart. He handed me the whip.

"Since it was you she disrespected and failed to address by your title, I want you to whip her. I want you to promise you will whip each breast and her cunt a minimum of five times."

"Yes, Master," I replied.

"Please don't whip my breasts and cunt, Master"

"Do you want to forgo the rest of your slavery and have me turn you into a pauper? You can start working for a living. Maybe Julia would hire a miserable slut such as yourself."

"No, sir. Please. I know it will hurt."

"So did spanking you. It's just pain in a different place."

"I'm sorry, sir. I won't do it again. Please."

"You shouldn't have done it in the first place. Go ahead, Julia."

I'd whipped women before. It's how I'd gained a slave myself, making Rhonda cum during a whipping. Rhonda was made of tougher material than Whore. Who knew if she'd cum or not. I started with her back after testing the whip on myself it had been so long since I used it. I did five strokes to her red and sore ass, eight to her back, and seven to the backs of her thighs, spreading them out, leaving red stripes everywhere.

I think she was surprised it didn't hurt more. As far as I was concerned, I preferred the whip to The Enforcer. The whip could be spread all over your body. The paddle had to be concentrated on your ass or possibly legs. Your buns may be able to tolerate more, but fifty strokes to your bum was going to hurt worse than forty spread everywhere. Whippings could be horrible things with the right whip and a heavy hand, taking the skin right off your body, but that wasn't the purpose of our whippings. Masters didn't want to damage their precious slaves; at least none I knew.

I gave her three to her belly, working my way higher with each one. The lashes were long enough to get both breasts at once, so I gave her five covering both tits at once, including two on her nipples. I know they stung. She danced around as much as she could and I'm sure she thought she'd see blood when she looked down, surprised to find they weren't torn and bleeding. I started back down her belly and the closer I got to her cunt, the wider Whore's eyes grew. She closed her eyes and groaned when I struck her bare mound, yet I still hadn't touched her pubic lips yet. Since her legs were open to me, I swung between them, the strands striking her folds. She screeched, pulling and tugging uselessly against her bonds.

"Please, Domina, not again," Whore moaned.

"Three more to the cunt," I said.

She closed her eyes and her whole body tightened in anticipation of the next one. It landed.

"Oh, God, oh, God, oh God," Whore whimpered, twisting. "It burns so."

"Two more."

Dancing. Smack. "Oh, oh, oh, it stings, it stings."

Swat. Her eyes widening. Surprised. Not surprised, stunned. Moaning for a completely different reason. Gasping, sucking in deep breaths. I decided to lengthen her orgasm, give her some relief from her burning ass, shoved two fingers into her twat and finger fucked her to two fast orgasms, one after the other, leaving her panting.

"I climaxed," she said, softly, gasping.

"It happens. I like the whip for that reason. As much as it might sting, I can climax from it. I'll rarely cum from a spanking."

"You were whipping my cunt?" Still doubting her own orgasms.

"You're already aroused, blood flushing your cunt. The whip causes more blood to flow to those areas, reacting to the pain. More blood, more arousal, like pinching your nipples might make you more excited. It might not happen all the time," I said, releasing her, "but it's possible. Master likes our whippings to be as much about teasing arousal as punishment."

"It's time to put on the Slave Trainer," Bill said.

"Please, no," Whore said. "I'll behave."

"Are you begging to suck my cock after I fuck your ass?" Bill asked.

"Yes, sir."

What a weak pussy, although she might be the wiser for realizing she wasn't going to last anyway.

"Let me hear you beg. It had better be convincing."

Whore got on her knees. "I'm sorry, Master, for failing to be properly obedient, for disrespecting you and Domina, for calling her the worst kind of slut. I'm begging, sir, pleading, to suck your cock after you've reamed my ass. I beg to suck Robert's cock and promise to do whatever else you request without complaint or protest."

Bill looked at her few several seconds. Whore remained properly penitent, kneeling, head bowed and eyes lowered.

"She seemed sincere. Would you agree, Julia?"

"All I know for sure is she doesn't want to wear a Slave Trainer. I question her sincerity in saying she'll do whatever you ask without complaint or protest. I suggest a test of good faith."

"What do you suggest?"

"I suggest you have her model the clothes you purchased yesterday and find something quite revealing yet fit for the golf course. When you've found the perfect outfit, have Whore take you to her country club for a round of golf. That should test her willingness to obey you without question."

As I spoke, I could see Whore shrinking within herself, as if she wished to sink into the floor. She'd already been outed as a slave slut at two of the most popular restaurants in Fresno, but there were enough restaurants in Fresno she could avoid those two forever. Going to her own country club dressed as a slave slut would be the height of disaster for Whore. The only way she wouldn't be humiliated forever was to leave it and never go back, and the community of wealthy was relatively tight knit. Word would undoubtedly spread from her club to all the others within Fresno. I waited to see if she would protest or complain. She might as well move to another city.

"After breakfast, I'd like to see you model all the clothes I got for you yesterday. Call your club and get a tee time for one PM."

Whore was obviously despondent, but she replied, "Yes, Master."

"You might wish to take her to dinner after the round of golf, Master," I said. "I hear her club has an excellent prime rib dinner."

Might as well expose her to more of her friends than just those who'd be golfing.

"An excellent suggestion," Bill said. "I love a good prime rib. Make reservations for dinner after if they're required."

Deeper despondency but a quiet "Yes, sir," in reply.

"You may help Lisa with breakfast. The foxtail is going back in and remain in until I tell you to remove it. Perhaps I'll have you wear it while golfing. Julia, please stay a moment."

He waited until Whore was gone, then said, "She's right. I promised she wouldn't have to do anything Evelyn doesn't do. Evelyn has never gone ass to mouth."

"I suspected as much, Master, which is why I jumped in. The way we prepare beforehand, it's not a bad experience. I'm sure Evelyn would be willing to do it on Friday, once we show her how to prepare. So I wasn't lying when I said she would do it on Friday. Whore won't find it too disgusting either once she knows how it's done. The other thing I recommend is since you haven't seen Evelyn all week, don't sell her for the night. Sell her three holes individually for an orgasm, then bring her home and fuck her properly. She'll suck your cock after you fuck her ass, I can almost guarantee it."

"Good advice, Julia, thank you."

"You're welcome, sir."

My work here was done. We went out and I started helping Whore and Lisa with breakfast. Shasta and Sean arrived early, taking off their clothes as they entered.

Shasta sat down in a chair, spreading her legs and said, "Come here, Whore. I need my cunt licked in worst way. I think Whore should train Sean. She's a much better cunt licker than he is."

Without a word, Whore got on her knees and began licking Shasta's cunt. Shasta made her lick her to three orgasms before being satisfied.

"Did you remember to talk to Scott last night about Bill's offer?" Shasta asked.

"I forgot. I intend to mention it to him tonight, tell him the paperwork will be at Brianna's tomorrow to look over. Have you eaten breakfast, Mistress?"

"Yeah, Momma made us something. We'll go down and get started."

"We might need to have our cum break a little early today. Whore is taking her Master to golf at her country club at one PM today. I assume they'll need to leave at 12:20 to make a one PM tee time."

"I can make arrangements to allow for an earlier break," Shasta said. "We'll just start lunch at 11:30 and she can skip Sean. Maybe he doesn't get another cum break until he learns to lick cunt better, so I don't need Whore as much."

Both of them went downstairs. We'd have to rush breakfast or be late for work. This morning's activities had taken too much time. William fed Whore. Lisa and I ate quickly, but everyone else had already arrived for work before we got to the basement, about five minutes late.

Shasta tapped her watch. "You think because you own the company, you can be five minutes late for work. Did you or did you not put me in charge?"

"We did, Mistress," Lisa said.

"Then you get one swat for every minute you were late. Slaves should be more punctual."

"Yes, Mistress," I said.

"Charlotte, hand me that 1 x 4 over there," pointing to a board about two feet long. "It make a good paddle for two late slaves."

Charlotte handed her the board, saying, "Does everyone who is late get paddled?"

"Only slaves get paddled," Shasta replied. "Everyone else has to skip their cum break and work later each night to make up for the time they missed. Julia, we starting with you. Get your ass over my knee."

"Yes, Mistress."

I arranged my bottom over Shasta's knee. I was excited. I'd whipped Whore and that had been arousing, but it had been some time since I was punished myself. I felt myself flooding. Shasta noticed my arousal.

"You're a horny little slut, aren't you?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"Are you going to cum?"

"Possibly Mistress. Five isn't very many, but I am aroused."

"You get five more if you cum."

"Yes, Mistress."

Shasta laid a good five over me and I didn't cum, but I felt very close and would have liked nothing more than to finger myself to a fast orgasm. Slaves don't get orgasms unless the person in charge grants them, so I'd have to wait until lunch like the others. After I got up, rubbing my bum, Lisa got hers. She hadn't participated in Whore's punishment, so she wasn't as aroused as I was, but being punished in front of our employees contained an element of humiliation and arousal in and of itself, so she was dripping when Shasta finished.

"Now get to work. We're wasting valuable time," Shasta said.

"Yes, Mistress," the slaves all replied. The others just started working.

About 10:30, Bill and Whore came downstairs.

"Pardon the interruption, Shasta, but I have a question for all the ladies. Which of these two outfits should Whore wear golfing today. It should be appropriate for dinner at the country club dining room afterward."

Whore was wearing a translucent top which showed much of her breasts which would be swinging freely under the silky garment. She had on a short tennis like skirt, designed to be worn with matching panties, but slaves weren't allowed undergarments, so if Whore bent over to tee up the ball, or mark her ball on the green, her bottom and pussy would be visible to anyone sharing the tee or green. It's entirely possible gusts of wind would expose all of her assets, if not the golf swing itself.

The other garment she had was a slinky short dress which would mold to her naked body, and look great for dinner, but not very common sense for golfing.

Whore stood quietly, waiting for her fate to be decided.

"It's obvious what she's wearing is perfect for the golf course, but is unlikely to meet any dinner dress code," Lisa said, pondering the choices. "The other one looks impossible for playing golf. In addition to being too confining to swing a club, as soon as she sweats a little, it would become transparent. She might get arrested."

"Exactly what I was thinking," Bill said. "Hence my dilemma."

"Don't they have drinking fountains and the like on the golf course?" Shasta said.

"They do," Bill said.

"Then the solution is simple. Play golf and bring a couple towels with you. At the end, have her strip off her golf outfit, use a wet towel to wash herself, clean all the sweat off. Use the other towel to dry off. Put on the dress, go to dinner. She can stand behind a bush or tree to change, right."

"I could change in the locker rooms in the clubhouse, Master," Whore said, hoping not to be required to strip off her clothes behind some bush. It would be scandalous enough to be playing in her outfit, let alone remove everything to put the other equally scandalous dress on.

"Slaves shouldn't be allowed to change with free folks, Bill," Shasta said innocently. "Hell, blacks couldn't even drink from white water fountains until the sixties, and we weren't even slaves anymore."

"You do make a good point, Shasta," Bill said.

"I could change in the car, Master," Whore said, hopefully.

"Perhaps an idea will present itself while we're playing," Bill said. "Okay, go upstairs, take the clothes off until it's time to leave. You'll put on the golf outfit when it's time to go."

"Yes, sir." She went upstairs removing the top as she went.

Bill said, "So far, she's not said a peep. I thought this was a brilliant idea and would make her fight her slavery, but she's going along with it."

"I thought for sure, she'd kick and scream. She's lorded her country club membership over us for years. If she does this, she might have to move out of Fresno."

"What are you trying to do?" Shasta asked.

"Whore belongs to one of the most exclusive country clubs in Fresno. It's so hoity-toity, it's disgusting. Master is going to make her play golf on her own golf course mostly bare assed in the tarty skirt, and eat dinner after in that other slutty dress, essentially outing Whore as a slut slave to most of her friends and acquaintances."

"Isn't that a little extreme," Shasta said. "I don't mind treating her like shit around all of us, but ruining her entire life in Fresno? I was only joking around to get her goat, but the only people I'd wish that on were the bastards that raped me. Granted, she hasn't been the most pleasant person to be around, but I wouldn't wish this on her."

Bill kissed her. "You're right, gorgeous. I shouldn't ruin her life. She doesn't deserve that. Thank you for reminding me to be a better person. I will, however, let her sweat it out. You know, I'm treating her so poorly because of the way she treated you."

"She should sweat it out. She deserves to sweat a little. She was a bitch, no question, but it wasn't so bad a simple apology wouldn't go a long way to make it better."

"You're a better person than I am, Mistress," I said. "I hated what she did to you."

"I'm the one who opened the door. I didn't have to sell myself. If I weren't trying to get back at my slave for trying to control me, I wouldn't have done it."

"I'm sorry, Mistress," Sean said.

"You should be. Maybe I send you upstairs to lick her asshole. Make you take cunt licking lessons from her."

"Not right now. How can she sweat it out if she's being pleasured," Bill said.

Shasta laughed. "I'm not sure she deserve Sean anyway, even on a good day."

Bill laughed and went upstairs.

"Back to work, people. The fucking show is over," Shasta said.

******

Whore came down at 11:30 to provide everyone their cum break. When it was Shasta's turn, I told Whore she should make Shasta cum twice, as once she heard what Master planned for her today, she'd asked him not to ruin her life in Fresno.

Whore looked at Shasta in wonder, then dropped to her knees and wrapped her arms around her legs. "Thank you, Mistress," Whore said. "What can I do for you to make it up to you?"

"Stop being a bitch. We're all just people trying to get through the fucking day. Try not to make it any harder than it is."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"Yes, Mistress. I'll do better."

"We'll see."

Shasta not only got two orgasms, she got three.

"I'm sorry for what I did," Whore said after the third. "It was wrong and I apologize."

Bill had slipped down the stairs with Whore's clothes, wondering what was taking her so long. He heard Whore's apology.

"Whore might have earned her name back," Bill said. "Welcome back, Regina."

She turned, seeing him at the foot of the stairs. "Yes, Master. Thank you."

"Put these on instead. Shasta believed I was being too harsh on you. I think she was right. It's still slutty, but you won't be flashing your cunt to the entire golf course wearing this. You may also remove your foxtail."

"I was told she'd asked for mercy, sir, and I greatly appreciate it."

"You'll still put on the second dress for dinner. It's outrageous, but not not irreparably so, and you may change in the locker room."

"Thank you, sir."

She put on the other clothes. He must have borrowed something from our closet. He gave her the transparent bra she purchased yesterday to contain the girls, a polo shirt and a mid-thigh skirt with a bottom. I wasn't aware we still possessed anything which didn't leave our pussies bare. We wished them well and went back to work.

It appeared we'd be alone for supper tonight, just Lisa, Rhonda and I. Robert was driving them. I suppose there was always a need for someone like Bill to have some protection. As it was just us, we made a chef salad, something with protein for Rhonda before work, but not too filling. We fed and played with Lucas and as I hadn't spent too much time with my slave lately, Rhonda and I went into the bedroom for some play time, a vibrating strapless coming in quite handy for me to fuck my beautiful slave.

The others got home around eight, Robert going upstairs to shower before the festivities took place, Lisa and Rhonda taking Regina into the bathroom to cleanse her. I talked to Bill about his day.

"Playing golf with Regina was quite enjoyable. She's actually a pretty fair golfer and helped me with a slice I was developing. She was a charming dinner companion even if she wasn't sucking my cock under the table."

"Regina always got along better with men than other women, sir. I'm sure she was charming as she had no competition for your attention. Did she remain polite and respectful towards you and address you as sir, at least?"

"She did. Actually, she was more attentive than I might have expected, given this was her home turf. Unfailingly polite towards me, but more importantly, towards others, including the staff. Some of them seemed surprised by the sudden change in behavior. I got the distinct impression she was frequently more harsh in her criticisms and a kind word was unexpected."

"Perhaps your morning mantras in combination with her morning spanking are taking hold, sir."

"Well, it would be interesting to see if it continues past her slavery."

"Might I suck your cock, Master? I see you're sporting quite an erection there."

"Unnecessary. I'm not quite the young man I used to be and feel I need to save myself for this evening's activities. It's actually quite draining having three slaves at my beck and call. I wonder how your Master does it?"

"Lots of practice, Master, though we're frequently forced to pleasure one another. I sometimes wish men had the staying power females do."

"As do I. I last longer than I used to, but take longer to recover. At least you're always willing to lend a helpful mouth."

"Without a doubt, sir."

Robert came down and joined us. He also had an erection. I assume he'd been told what was happening tonight. The others finally returned with Regina, fresh and sparkly clean, but looking a little green around the gills, considering what she'd agreed to do tonight. As her Domina, I felt it was incumbent upon me to ease her fears.

"Kneel on the bed with your ass in the air and spread your cheeks, Regina."

She didn't argue, instead doing exactly as I said, though her body language still displayed trepidation.

"You've experienced a good ass cleansing, to get anything out of your rectum which might spoil this experience for you and us. Believe me, no one will enjoy tonight if you suddenly vomit all over the bed. Right now, your ass is probably cleaner than your cunt, and definitely cleaner than your mouth. We used a mild soapy water several times followed by a clear water rinse to remove soapy residue. Now if you had not been cleansed, I would never, ever do this."

I not only licked her asshole several times, but plunged my tongue up her bung hole, spearing as deeply as I could. She was startled at first, then enjoyed the sensation of a warm wet tongue invading her intimate spaces. I didn't let her get used to it, but she knew I wasn't joking around.

"When your Master fucks you, his cock will remain as clean and unspoiled as my tongue was. I promise I was not tasting any shit, or I would have lost my supper. When he pulls out of your ass, all it will have on it is his cum and some mucus, which is also present in your nose, mouth, throat, lungs, and cunt in addition to your ass. It helps protect the skin from foreign agents by lubricating it, which essentially means it's not any different than cleaning his cock after he's cum in your cunt. You need to overcome the nausea you might feel because of where it's just been, because it doesn't matter. You will suck his cock afterward, and I want you to continue sucking it through a full blow job. You will see there's nothing to it. After you've done your Master, you'll do it again with Robert. If your Master should get hard again, he will fuck you again. Repetition helps create successful training, and three times is usually the charm. I'm expecting you to get through this without problem as you've promised to be obedient. And by obedient, I don't mean just trying, I mean successfully executing this procedure without puking and messing up my bed."

I added, "Master, this slave's cunt looks wet enough to lubricate your cock for her ass. Why don't you enjoy her now. Will this slut be allowed to cum?"

"As much as she wants," William replied

William had no problem sliding into the slave's wet cunt. She was starting to develop a slave's talent for always being ready for her Master to fuck. Five strokes and his cock was slick with her juices. He pulled out of her pussy, moved North and pushed against her sphincter, the muscular ring parting under the pressure exerted by his hard prick. Bill settled in for a nice slow fucking. Lisa and Rhonda had started to play together and since I had nothing better to do, started squeezing and tweaking Regina's beautiful breasts. She moaned deep in her throat.

"You're turning into the perfect slave, Regina," I said. "An alluring, slutty, sexy woman willing to fuck men or women, take it in your mouth, cunt or ass. Obediently complying with your Masters wishes from the clothes you wear, to when you're allowed to cum. Soon, he'll cum in your ass and you'll suck his cock deep in your mouth, cleaning his cum from his prick, and blow him until he releases another load down your throat, swallowing every drop. Then you'll do it again with another man, his driver, his servant. Take his fat prick up your ass, get another load of cum, and suck him off."

Regina climaxed, her body squirming, waves of pleasure surging through her, her skin rippling as the muscles tensed below it.

"Perhaps you'll be ordered to lick a cunt after. You'd rarely licked a cunt before Shasta's sale, and on Tuesday, Shasta thinks you should be training her slave to be a better pussy pleaser. You're a natural slut, Regina. You climaxed while I whipped your cunt today. You're climaxing while you get your ass fucked. You love it don't you. Love being a slut slave; having your body used by everyone."

"Yes, I love it, Domina," she growled. "I do. I love it. I've never felt so alive as I feel now."

"On Friday night, you'll be serving as a table slave, sucking the dicks and licking the splits of the winners. How much cum will you swallow that night? At the end of the night, you'll be sold for the night. Will my Master buy your slave services? Will it be Jerry's black cock filling your white cunt? Will Chen pump his seed up your ass? Or will you go back to your house, the slut slave of the two Strong's forced to do their bidding instead of the other way around. They wanted to see you lick a cunt, forced to serve another female. Is that why strong females scared you Regina? Because you knew if they were strong enough you'd be on your knees licking them, making them cum? Did they scare you because you knew you were a slave? Maybe it's why you couldn't accept your husband as your slave. Because you were a slave yourself?"

Actually, saying it, I wondered if I'd stumbled upon one of the problems in their marriage.

She spasmed again, really getting into her ass fucking and my voice whispering in her ear.

"Do you want your Master to unload his hot, thick cream in your ass? To feel his prick pulsing as he pumps jet after jet of cum deep in your bowels, slave?"

"Oh, yes, Domina. I want him to."

"Tell him, Regina. Tell your Master what you want."

"Master, please fuck me. Fuck my ass. Ream me until you shoot your cum deep inside me. Make your slave cum, sir. Make her cum on your cock," she moaned, a litany of pleading, her body trembling, shaking.

"Ah, Fuck!" Bill groaned, freezing, his balls pumping, buried deep in Regina's bottom, a river of cum shooting up her ass.

For a couple minutes, his dick delivered a deluge of salty sperm, hardly moving, back arched as he spasmed.

"Now Regina, show your Master how much you loved his fucking, how much you appreciate his cock. Suck him. Suck him to the back of your throat. Suck him until you taste his hot, salty cum in your mouth."

Without looking, without pause; she turned and sucked his still hard cock into her mouth, suckling his dick like a big popsicle, bobbing up and down his shaft, cleaning him, moaning.

"It tastes good, doesn't Regina. Nice and thick, covered in cum. There you go, suck his cock. Pleasure the instrument of your own pleasure. You love that cock, don't you, Regina. This wonderful prick that gave you so much pleasure as he fucked your ass."

She nodded, his cock in her mouth, sliding up and down his stalk, doing her best to bring him to another release.

"Good girl. He gave you so much pleasure. I'm going to clean your ass for you. I want his delicious cum too."

Regina nodded again, her ass wiggling a little in anticipation. I went to her backside, the cum dribbling from her bottom, the sphincter almost closed. Laving up the cum seeping down to her cunt. Capturing all which leaked out, then spearing her bottom again, digging for more, her buttocks squeezing my tongue as she quivered in pleasure. I took three or four minutes to search for his sperm, getting all which wasn't buried too deep, then sliding down to her dripping pussy, covered in her cum from the multiple orgasms she'd had, collecting it, finding her still aroused button, scraping my tongue over it until she climaxed again.

"I don't think Robert can wait, Regina. His cock is so hard. Would you like his cock to fuck your ass while you suck your Master?"

"Mm, hmm," she mumbled, nodding, wiggling her buttocks again, enticing someone to plug it.

"Fuck this slave, Robert. Her bottom will be a trifle sore, so go gently to start. She'll let you know when she wants more."

He nodded, climbing onto the bed behind Regina, grabbing her hip with one hand while aligning his prick with her rosebud with the other, touching the crinkled star with the tip, dripping pre cum. He slowly exerted pressure, her opening dilating for him as she moaned around Bill's shaft. Bill had a loose hold of her hair, starting to thrust into her mouth, fully hard again. Robert easing into the other side, spit roasting her on their cocks.

Her breasts dangling beneath her chest, I wriggled my head below her and suckled and licked her nipples, drawing a contented groan as I did, feeling her tremors as she spasmed again, the hard bullets in my mouth. I reached with a hand for her neglected cunt, soaked, and inserted two fingers inside to stroke her g-spot, feeling Robert's cock moving beside my fingers, thrusting faster now as he felt her moving against him, encouraging him. Her orgasms becoming closer, more disorganized, her body trembling almost constantly as the waves of pleasure rolled through her.

Bill, despite his earlier orgasm, cumming first, as she'd pleasured him longer. Regina gurgling happily as she swallowed his cum with lips sealed around his cock. Bill finally withdrawing his prick, limp and shiny, Regina's head collapsing to the bed, mewling, as Robert continued plowing her bottom. Going faster now, approaching his own orgasm, grunting with each stroke. A loud groan, plastering his hips against hers, throbbing his load inside of her, Regina whimpering in pleasure.

"You know what to do, Regina," I whispered.

Regina turned around and started sucking Robert's cock, cleaning it, kept sucking until he started growing again, settling in to extract his seed.

Bill picked up his phone to call Evelyn, wanting to check on his most precious possession, needing time to recuperate from his double orgasms. Quiet as he listened to someone answer on the other end, then pushing the speaker button and saying, "And I'll inform you Robert is with us tonight. Good evening all. How are you, Marcia?"

So Master was fucking Marcia again. How nice for him.

Marcia laughing, saying, "Better now. I just had a dick fix."

"That's right, Sam and Chantelle are in Minnesota this week aren't they. I'd forgotten," Bill said.

I hoped she'd gotten the permission of her Master before fucking mine.

"Did Master fuck you good, Marcia?" I asked.

"He fucked me great, Julia. I feel wonderful. I was hoping for a return engagement but he's reluctant to neglect your wife, Bill."

"That's good to hear," Bill replied.

"Actually, I took the day off and spent most of it with Evelyn. Scott tied her to the bed before he left for work this morning, with vibrators running in her cunt and on her clit. He asked me to drop by and let her go after the vibrators died. I knew I wouldn't be able to leave Evelyn alone once I arrived, so I just took the day off and used her hard before I released her."

"I'm sure she enjoyed that," Bill said.

"I did, Master. I thought I'd be alone all afternoon, but gladly, was not."

"Before I forget as I did last night, Master," I said, "Bill is offering to buy a piece of our company. A business proposal will be Fedexed to Brianna's tomorrow for you to take a look at."

"What do you think of the proposal?" Master asked.

"Lisa, Shasta and I all liked the sounds of it, Master, but we felt we should get your input before making a decision."

"I've always felt it was yours and Lisa's business to do with as you saw fit."

"Still, you've run a business longer than we have, so your experience is valuable. Besides, if you must go to Brianna's to read over the proposal, you have another excuse to fuck Marcia, especially if she's missing cock."

"She's got you there, Scott. One more reason to plow my pussy," Marcia laughed.

Master laughed as well. "Fine, I'll look over the proposal between bouts of fucking Marcia and Evelyn and let you know what I think. Are you still planning to fly back to LA with Whore on Thursday, Bill?"

"I am. Her training has gone well thus far. In fact, she's been rewarded by receiving her own name back. You can call her Regina again."

"How nice for Regina. I will leave Evelyn at Brianna's tomorrow night so you can see her on Thursday. I'm sure you're missing the little minx. She can keep Marcia company tomorrow night."

"I am and it would be much appreciated. Thank you," Bill said.

"I'm assuming you've been keeping my slaves similarly occupied?"

"Hopefully, they're not missing the sex you provide too much, but I know they miss you."

"We do, Master," Lisa said. "Lots. No one can fuck my cunt when you're not here."

Master said, "We, and I mean all three of us, have been conniving together. Wicked and evil plans for rape and pillage. I'll be happy to show you on Friday."

"You're making me wet, sir," I said.

"You're always wet. You're a slave." Master and Bill both said, almost a chorus, though Master said fucking slave, not slave.

"Wetter, sirs," I replied, laughing.

Everyone said goodnight and the call ended. Robert was grunting, beginning to cum again, flooding Regina's mouth for the second time tonight.

She sucked him until his cock had shriveled to its normal size.

"Thank you, Robert," William said. "That will be all."

"Master, would it be all right if Robert stayed awhile longer. I'm hoping he might have one more fucking in him," I said.

"Fine, but there's not enough room in the bed for us all to sleep. Even an Alaskan king has limits."

"Who's sleeping, sir. Things are just getting interesting. Pull up a chair, Robert. You're about to get a show."

He laughed and got a chair, placing it beside the bed. "You too, Master. I want you to watch."

Bill pulled up the other chair.

"Rhonda and Regina will be getting into a sixty-nine with Regina on top. I want Regina practicing cunnilingus on Rhonda's tasty black cunt. Lisa and I will pleasure each other the same way with me on top. I'm thinking the sight of four naked women, lapping at each other's cunts, squirming in orgasm, might encourage two more erections. The first one to become erect will start fucking Regina's ass once more as the two women remain together, as she needs one more time to make her lesson stick. The second one to get hard will use my cunt as I desperately need a cock filling it soon. Then we can all go to bed."

Both men laughed and Bill waved his hand, ordering us to continue. Robert had fucked me at the restaurant, but he'd been one of five and they'd all run together in my head. I was hoping he might fuck me again by himself, especially after cumming twice so he'd last longer. He'd cum more recently than Bill, so hopefully he was the last to get an erection, but also, he was younger, so who knew. If Bill fucked me again, I wouldn't mind. He was a good lover and I enjoyed fucking him.

Even though Rhonda and Lisa had played while the others fucked, they were both eager to play some more. It seemed as though I'd not had as much time with my sister slave with all the other things going on this week so I was eager to taste her nectar as she tasted mine. Regina was the least experienced cunt licker, but the one with the most recent practice, so even Rhonda was moaning quickly. The rest of us were always ready to cum anyway so it wasn't long before the men were getting the show I'd promised. Four heads, buried in four naked cunts, making four naked slaves squirm delightfully as they orgasmed. As I'd hoped, Bill got his erection first and climbing on the bed behind Regina, started fucking her ass. Robert wasn't far behind him, being younger and I soon felt his cock slide into my hungry cunt.

With Lisa's tongue teasing my clit and Robert's man sized dick plowing my pussy, I was cumming like crazy, and it was all I could do to keep my attention focused on Lisa's flowering folds, to provide her the rapture I was receiving. As expected, Robert was able to fuck me for a long time, and I was well satisfied by the time I felt his prick pulsing in my pussy, filling it with his cream. When he pulled out, Lisa was right below me to clean his cock, and the cum leaking from my cunt.

I was getting up off Lisa when Bill froze and sent another load into Regina's ravaged ass. She quickly turned around and slurped at his dripping cock while Rhonda tidied up her bottom. Now we could go to sleep, except for Rhonda, who had to go to work after a shower to wash the sex stink off herself. Robert retired to his own bed and Regina and I curled around Bill in case he needed a cunt sometime during the night. Lisa curled around me.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
As we lay in the dark, preparing to sleep, I said, "As a lesbian slave, the only cock Rhonda is required to fuck is my Master's. She may have to suck other cocks at my command, but not take them in her cunt or ass. She may choose to fuck other cocks if she wishes, but I cannot require it of her. She has a name for a cock she is willing to fuck in her other two holes. She calls such a cock 'cunt worthy'. Now she fucked Sam in front of Master when we were all pissed at him because we didn't know what he was doing, but she fucked him out of spite. The only cock she's described as cunt worthy is yours, Master Bill, inviting you to fuck her cunt last Saturday. I think tomorrow you should fuck my slave again."

"She thinks I'm cunt worthy?" Bill laughed.

"She does, the only cock other than my Master she feels is cunt worthy."

"I'm honored."

"You should be, sir. It's a very select and distinguished list. She doesn't fuck cocks often, so she has a very tight twat I'm sure you'll enjoy."

I kissed him, snuggling deeper in his arms. "Tomorrow night, we'll make sure you use it. Plus, I think it's time to invite Jerry over to fuck your new slave. I'm sure he'll find her to be a very compliant and obedient girl. We sometimes order Thai food for delivery. Master frequently uses one of us as his tip. Our normal delivery driver is a young man named Marcus. His cock is as wide as the Strong twins and longer than Jerry's. The only one I've ever seen any bigger was Lester, the bus driver. I was thinking Jerry's big, black cock pounding into Regina's pussy and Marcus shoving his meat cleaver up Regina's ass. I think I'd enjoy watching her stretched on their two cocks."

Regina, hearing me, moaned. If she wasn't careful, she would turn into as big a slut as I was.

Bill kissed me again, reaching for my cunt. I parted my legs for his fingers and let him play me like an instrument until we both fell asleep.

******

SCOTT

I didn't let Evelyn go with me to work the next day, either. I wanted to concentrate on Bill's house, not his wife. After I fucked her that morning, we had breakfast at the usual place. The harridan was working, but she stayed far away from me. Bringing her back to the room, I told her to use the pool or take a Lyft to go shopping or to a movie. When I got back, we'd go to Brianna's for supper. Chantelle was gone, but it wasn't as though they still didn't have food prepared.

I worked hard all day, skipping lunch again. I was happy with the progress we were making. Nevertheless, I hurried back to the motel, knowing what awaited me there. Evelyn was naked, in bed. She wanted to fuck before we left, but I told her she had to wait and since we were going to Brianna's she could expect to receive all of her missed spankings, one hundred at the moment. I told her if she wasn't ready to go in ten minutes, it might be more. She was to take all of her things since she was spending the night at Brianna's. Fortunately for her, she was a quick packer and we walked out the door in eleven.

At Brianna's, I greeted Dawn, Zoe and Cindy with a kiss when I got there. I'd made a lot of wonderful memories with each of them.

"Oh, shit," Dawn said, seeing Evelyn. "I thought you might need a little cunt, but I see you already have some."

"Where's Lucia," I said.

"Resting," Zoe replied. "I think she's due to pop any day now. Sit down and eat, and we'll visit her later."

Going to the dining room, we had a nice meal, chatting with our friends. Marcia joined us around 6:30. She kissed me before she sat down to eat.

"I hope you saved something for me, cowboy."

"I haven't fucked anyone since before breakfast, if you're not referring to food."

"Definitely not referring to food.

"Oh, no, another cunt," Dawn said. "You were my one source of cock and instead of spreading it around, you pick two people who already have cocks. It's not fair."

"But I'd owe Brianna for your use, Dawn, having to give up my slaves for fucking you. William is already fucking my slaves, so he gave me Evelyn in trade. I don't know what I'll owe Sam for Marcia. I never discussed it with him. She was just supposed to release Evelyn from the bed. Instead, she spent most of the day and half the night."

"I had to beat Dawn to it," Marcia said. "It takes an early bird to get the worm."

"He's got a nice worm too, doesn't he?" Dawn said.

"I've been amused by it," Marcia laughed.

Zoe slid me a packet of papers. "This arrived for you today, from Thornhill's business manager."

"He's thinking of buying a piece of Julia's and Lisa's furniture business. This is his proposal. As my lawyer, I suppose I should have you look at it." I pushed the papers back.

"Really? I wouldn't think it would be big enough to interest Bill." She started glancing at the documents.

"He plans to make it bigger, apparently. I have to admit the markup is pretty high on bondage furniture. It could bring in oodles of money if you sell enough of it. The girls were doing great with it, thought they might have to expand anyway. This would obviate that."

"How long are you going to be here? I'll read it over and give you an opinion."

I looked at Evelyn and Marcia. "I'm hoping for around eleven," I said hopefully.

"Eleven works for me," Marcia said.

"All night works for me," Evelyn said.

"I don't want to exhaust you before Bill comes tomorrow. You should be ready to jump him."

"I'm always ready to jump him."

After supper, Dawn and Zoe led me to Lucia's room. She was lying in her room, her belly swollen with my child.

"Buenas noches, Lucia. Como esta usted?"

"Wonderful, Scott. Give me a kiss, señor."

I leaned down and kissed her forehead. She pulled me down for a kiss on her lips. I rested my hand on her stomach. I could feel the baby moving.

"When's the doctor saying the baby is coming?" I asked.

"She thinks early next week. Will you be here?"

"Let me know when your labor starts and I'll drop everything to be by your side. I don't even need classes. It was just five months since Lucas was born. I haven't forgotten anything."

"I don't know how many they'll allow in the delivery room. Brianna will be there of course. Probably Monique. I don't know for sure."

"I'll be close, regardless."

"Thank you."

"Get some rest."

"It's all I've been doing. I hate it. I can't remember the last time I've had a good orgasm."

"All these women and you haven't had an orgasm?"

"It's all, 'Not too much excitement, Lucia. You don't want to raise your heart rate or your blood pressure'. What's a girl to do?" She smiled. "Sometimes I think doctors don't know anything. What's a sex slave without orgasms?"

"Just a pregnant girl, I guess."

"I hope the next one isn't as much trouble as this one was."

"You definitely want another?"

"At least one more," Lucia said. "You want to provide stud services again? The last time went well."

"I always told you, you could ask me for anything. Anything includes fucking."

"I don't suppose you mean right now?"

"Probably not." I patted her tummy. "No excitement."

"He's got Evelyn and Marcia on the hook," Dawn said. "We're out of luck sister."

"Replaced by thinner, more beautiful women. How quickly the fat are forgotten," Lucia said, a hand over her brow, winking at me.

I kissed her again, the lips this time. "You're always beautiful to me."

"Fine, go fuck Evelyn and Marcia. Tell them to have an orgasm for me."

"Will do. Should they mail it or hand deliver it?"

"Hand delivery would do nicely. Mouth delivery would be better."

"Good night, Lucia. Sleep well."

Marcia was finishing up her meal when I went back to the dining room. I collected them both and we went to Sam's house. Marcia led us to her room.

"I don't know," I said, "it might feel weird fucking Sam's wife in Sam's bed."

"He fucked your wife on our bed. Your paramour too. So did I, for that matter. It's the bigger bed. If Sam is giving you his wife, he doesn't give a shit about letting you use the bed too. It's silly."

"Theoretically; if we use our guest room," Evelyn said, "you'd be fucking Bill's wife on Bill's bed. We've spent half of the last six months here."

"And also theoretically, that bed is still Sam's bed. We bought it."

I laughed. "You got me on that one. Maybe I'll just put you in the stocks and fuck you there. Skip the beds altogether."

"I could do that," Marcia said. "At least the first time. May not want to stay there until eleven though."

"I do owe you one hundred spanks," I told Evelyn. "We could definitely start in the stocks with you."

"Why so many?" Marcia asked.

"Don't want to spank her in a motel with flimsy walls. All I need is a concerned neighbor making a spousal abuse call. So now we're up to two days worth."

"Definitely don't want that," Marcia said. "I can see the headlines now. 'Billionaire's wife found in assignation in motel room with man building his house'. Don't want to have to live that one down."

I was setting up the stocks for Evelyn. "Definitely not." My cock was already getting hard in anticipation. I called her over and securely fastened her in.

"You'll notice I put her head at bed level, Marcia. If you want Evelyn to lick you while she's undergoing her spanking, just park your pussy in front of her face."

"Mmm. Don't mind if I do."

Marcia climbed on the bed and scooted down so her folds were opposite Evelyn's face. Evelyn began licking immediately. I asked where Sam kept a paddle. Marcia said," The bedside drawer." I actually found an assortment of spanking instruments, but since I was used to The Enforcer, I picked it.

"I'm going to use The Enforcer for half and my hand for the other half," I said. "Since it's so many, I'm going to give you a couple orgasms before we start. You have my permission to cum. Wriggle your ass if you understand."

Evelyn wiggled seductively. The signs of her arousal were already apparent, puffy pubic lips, flowering inner labia, fluids glistening. Women were the most amazing creatures; endlessly fascinating. I started with my fingers, two, inserting them into her vaginal channel, easily sliding into the molten cavern, drawing a quick moan.

My fingers were quickly soaked in her juices, slimy slickness. I curled them down to rub against her g-spot, drawing a deeper, throatier moan, almost a purr. She spread her legs wider, making it easier to thrust them in and out of the wetness. In just a couple minutes, she had her first orgasm, mewling against Marcia's cunt. Marcia had cum once already, and looked close to another. Her legs and abs were twitching. I switched to the handle of The Enforcer and used that to give Evelyn her second orgasm, cumming even faster. Starting to spank her, I went lightly to begin, though the way she thrust her bottom out to meet the paddle made me suspect she wanted it harder. I obliged her. She started to groan enticingly as her bottom heated up, glowing a rosy red.

"Master," she whimpered, "please let me cum."

"You may cum as much as you can," I told her, not wanting to mess with any endorphins she might require.

Her cleft and rosebud began clenching as waves of pleasure flowed through her. When I finished the first fifty, I placed my cock at the entrance to her cunt and pushed in. She spasmed again. Evelyn climaxed twice more, before I pulled out. Didn't want to burn myself out too quickly. The second fifty were applied with my hand to feel the exquisite sensitivity and heat of her buttocks. I moved around as I knew how sensitive they'd feel now, applying some to her cheeks and others to the backs of her thighs, including the crease between leg and ass. Evelyn groaned and flinched with each swat, yet I could tell when she climaxed again. Liquid running down the inside of her leg.

Marcia's cunt was a mess. Evelyn hadn't been able to keep up with the fluids leaking from her, especially as her head and neck were locked into place and she had limited movement. Mostly, Evelyn could reach the top of Marcia's cleft or her clit unless Marcia lifted her hips to give her access to her actual fluid filled sheath. From what I could see, Evelyn's face was equally messy. I finished and slammed back into Evelyn's cunt. In five more strokes, she whimpered into another orgasm, her pussy clinging to my prick, refusing to let go. Since no more spankings were applicable, I continued thrusting right up until I unloaded a stream of cum in her steamy pussy.

She was extremely messy now, so I knelt behind her and started licking. Up her legs, around her pussy, finally the cunt itself, finishing with her clit so she could have a couple more orgasms, cleaning up after those as well. She looked like she wanted nothing more than to lie down her legs wanting to go limp. I released her and told her to lie on the bed. Evelyn crawled into the bed and closed her eyes.

"How are you doing, Marcia?" I asked.

"Not bad. I could still use a nice hard cock."

I pointed to my currently limp member, still slimed from Evelyn's cunt and my cum.

"I'm sure you don't need to be told what to do."

She laughed. "Not hardly." She lay down on her back, putting her head over the edge. "Bring it here."

I let her clean it for me and when I felt myself stirring in her talented mouth, I pulled out and pushed her another three feet further on the bed, so I could get in a sixty-nine with her, tasting her delicious cunt while she worked me back to full hardness. I cleaned up a little more than Evelyn had been able to. Marcia climaxed quickly, maybe the most orgasmic woman I knew, rivaled only by Julia in my experience. She orgasmed twice more before I was hard enough to fuck her.

Getting out of my sixty-nine and freeing her mouth, Marcia said, "I haven't had a good spanking in about three weeks. Would you be willing to give me one?"

"Let me see," holding my hands out on either side of my body about chest high, "on the one hand, my right hand is sore from Evelyn's spanking." I lowered my left hand and raised my right like a balance. "On the other hand, I'd be spanking the most perfect ass I know." My hands went the other way. "It seems a little Dominant/submissive right now and you aren't wearing your collar at the moment." They switched again.

"I don't have to be in slave mode to want a spanking. I get them at other times," Marcia said, laughing.

"All too true. But it would normally be your husband providing it." My hands moved again, though not quite level.

She got on her hands and knees, aiming said ass directly at me. "Need I remind you, it is this ass."

My hand shot all the way up. "Fuck it. Let's spank that ass. Get it over my lap." Marcia laughed. "How many?"

"You can give me fifty."

I sat on the bed and she arranged herself over my lap, legs to my right, head left, my cock trapped under her hips, aching to be free. I stroked those perfect globes.

"Beautiful," I murmured. "Spread your legs a little more so I can see your cunt."

Marcia spread them apart, one leg on the bed, the other on the floor. Evelyn had rested sufficiently she came closer to watch. I put a couple fingers from my right hand in her, stroking in and out. My left I left on her buns, rubbing them around the smooth surfaces of her cheeks. Marcia moaned, spreading her legs slightly further apart.

"I don't feel no spanking happening," she whimpered.

"Good things happen to those who wait," I replied.

She spasmed, compressing my fingers deliciously. I waited for her tremors to cease before I pulled my fingers out. I smacked her with my hand, roughly three quarters as hard as I did my own slaves. About as hard as I'd done Evelyn for the second fifty.

"How's that?" I asked.

"Harder. I like a hard spanking. It seems to loosen all the tension built up in my ass after a day of work."

I smacked her harder. "Harder still," she said. I whacked her harder. Harder than my own slaves got. "Just a wee bit harder."

I did it again. "Perfect," she groaned. It had to be one of the hardest spankings I'd ever administered. I did enjoy laying my hands on her buns. Her cheeks bounced around nicely each time my hand came down. Marcia climaxed after 22 strokes, moaning, her ass arching up like she wanted more.

"Where's an anal plug?" I asked.

"Same bedside stand, second drawer down," Marcia gasped, still shaking.

"Evelyn, get one about two inches wide," I said. Evelyn scrambled to obey.

She handed it to me and I lubed it up in Marcia's cunt, giving her another orgasm in the process. It was easily slick enough to push into Marcia's bottom without much difficulty. She groaned as the widest part went in. I gave her the rest of her spanking with the plug in and I made sure I smacked the base of the plug every five or six times, jostling it inside her fundament. Marcia orgasmed two more times. What an orgasmic slut she was.

By the time I finished, my hand was sore and my dick aching. I couldn't wait any longer and bent her over the bed, slamming my prick into her. The plug made her even tighter. She'd cum frequently and there was no resistance to my thrusts, just constant moans as I fucked her cunt to a soupy froth. She started going off and I stopped being able to tell when one orgasm ended and another began. Her moans and whimpers and even a few screams were almost non-stop.

"Fuck me," Marcia gasped. "Fuck my cunt, you bastard."

"My mother would be disturbed to hear you call me a bastard," I panted.

"Fuck me harder, you prick. Less talking, more fucking."

I fucked her harder, her cunt squelching under my assault, my hips smacking against her sore ass as I pounded her.

"It feels so fucking good," Marcia moaned. "So fucking good. I love a rough fucking."

I was good for another five minutes before I surrendered to the pleasure of her tight, wet cunt and pulsed a load deep inside. It felt as though the top of my prick blew off with it.

"If you find my dick swimming inside of your cunt, I want it back," I moaned.

Marcia started laughing, increasing the pressure she was exerting on my cock. I'm sure she managed to squeeze another teaspoon of cum out just from her laughter.

My cock shrinking, I pulled out and just as I did for Evelyn, I dropped to the floor behind her and worshipped her with my tongue, cleaning her off. Evelyn got off the bed and did the same for me. We finished about the same time.

"Wow, Scott. You continue to surprise me," Marcia said. "That was a marvelous fucking. I feel totally sated at the moment."

"Fifty percent inspiration, fifty percent perspiration," I said.

"Thomas Edison used to say ten and ninety, respectively."

"Edison wasn't looking at your ass." They both laughed. "I'm going to need some recuperation time. Tell me how you met."

"Sam purchased a suits optional cruise at the Go Nude for the Homeless Auction held here in LA on National Nude Day; the one I was nude at, modeling Brianna's jewelry. You saw the pictures. The boat is owned by an acquaintance of ours, a movie producer, who rents it out when he isn't wining and dining movie stars on it."

"God, yes; the pictures. Unlikely to ever forget them."

"I'd like to see the pictures some time," Evelyn said. "I've never seen them. Anyway, Bill and I were on the same cruise. He'd found out I'd been fucking behind his back again. He brought us on the cruise to try to refresh our marriage, get it back on track. When I boarded the sailing vessel, I was pretty much a bitch to everyone. Nasty, snotty, looking down my nose at everyone else because they didn't have money or they were doing what they were supposed to; go nude. Everyone was pretty much fed up with me within a few hours, rightfully so."

"We felt so sorry for Bill. He was extraordinarily nice, married to someone I wouldn't spend five minutes with under any circumstance," Marcia said.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"I started sleeping with one of the crew members. I don't even remember his name. I had sex with him and it was that unremarkable, I don't remember him."

"Jimmy. His name was Jimmy."

"That's right, Jimmy. How quickly I forgot him. I'd just spent a whole afternoon and evening with him in a hotel room while everyone else was at Chantelle's parents at what I heard was a lovely party. I was once again ignoring my husband and his needs while acting like a tramp."

"Sam was pretending to be Chantelle's boyfriend so she wouldn't fight with her father about being in a lesbian relationship. I was pretending to be Bill's girlfriend as a result. On the boat back to the ship, Sam told me I could use one of my free passes with Bill if I wanted. He was a celebrity, of a sort, and looks a lot like Tom Selleck, who's been on my free pass list longer than anyone. I didn't even care that Tom had gotten old. What should have been a sex cruise to spice up his marriage with his wife, was anything but. She was fucking someone else and ignoring him. He was too nice to deserve the way he was treated. Since Evelyn didn't care what she was doing to Bill, we decided to show her the opposite was also true, that he could fuck around as easily or even more so than she did. That she wasn't the only fish in the sea and what could easily happen to her if she didn't care about him. I started fucking him publicly, while she had to submit to a bunch of bondage and humiliation to hopefully avoid a divorce under an ironclad prenup."

"It wasn't until Marcia started fucking him, I realized how much I loved him and how easily I could lose him to someone else. I was devastated by it. Knowing he could be with someone so beautiful and leave me behind."

"Sam and I both wondered why Evelyn would act the way she did. She had a fabulously rich, successful, handsome husband who doted on her, given her everything she wanted, and was fucking Jimmy, practically in front of Bill, almost as if she wanted to be caught. Why? Bill had no clue. Sam thought perhaps Evelyn was a submissive who wasn't getting what she wanted. To surrender control to a strong man who would keep her in line; wouldn't accept her trashy behavior, not just by divorcing her, but punishing her. With Bill's agreement, we began treating her like a submissive to see how she accepted it. Turns out, she accepted it well."

"I didn't even know why I behaved the way I did. There was no reason for it. The punishments and humiliations they made me do aroused me. Making me go naked the rest of the cruise, be made to orgasm in front of everyone, to be spanked by everyone every morning. To publicly suck and fuck my husband in front of others. I started to realize I enjoyed it. Before the cruise ended, I agreed to become Master's sex slave. I've been much happier, and become a much better person as a result."

"Don't you resent Sam and Marcia for putting you through that?" I asked.

"I did at first. I hated them. Marcia having sex with my husband, openly in front of me; for Sam not caring if she did and suggesting all these different punishments and humiliations to make me atone for my actions. It wasn't until I comprehended their actions were giving me a chance to save my marriage to the person I most loved in the world, and it was as much for me as it was for him. The next time we saw them, when they came back to LA for the birth of their son, we sort of cemented our friendship, became the friends we are now."

"Why were you in LA?" I asked.

"Master was considering an investment in Brianna's Baubles. He came to negotiate terms which allowed her to expand into a higher end market. She opened a full blown made to order manufacturing facility and an actual store, the one Cindy models at. Since then, he decided to build a residence here in LA. It's possible some of the children born in the first wave after Brianna's are Master's instead of Sam's. They were both fucking the same slaves. He thought he might like to live nearby and help be a father figure. Of course, most of his businesses are still run out of New York, so we'll have to be somewhat bicoastal. But, it's not quite as necessary to live where you work as it used to be. He can run things from anywhere with the right people he trusts to help."

Speaking of Bill, he called in again to check on his slave. "We're at Sam's house and Marcia is with us, Master," when she answered the phone, putting it on speaker.

"Did Scott get the business plan?" Bill asked.

"He did, sir. Zoe is checking it over for him."

"How are you doing, pumpkin?"

"Very good, sir. We were just talking about how Marcia and I met and became friends, during a break in the activities. How are you doing, Master?"

"I'm good. I was just fucking Rhonda. She's quite a lovely young woman."

"And how is Regina doing?" I asked.

"Quite well. She's eating my cum out of Rhonda right now. Jerry was here earlier for supper. He took a turn with her. She's turning into quite an excellent slave. Whoever wins her on Friday won't be disappointed."

"Good news for the poker players," I said. "The two to be auctioned off will be Regina and Evelyn?"

"Regina for the night. Evelyn won't. I'm only selling her holes. I'll want to spend the night with her myself. I miss her."

"Thank you, Master. I miss you too. I love you."

"I love you too, dear. Enjoy the rest of your evening. Good night, Scott, Marcia. Perhaps I'll see you both tomorrow."

"You might see Marcia, but I intend to be busy, planning the work for next week. I wasn't preparing to come. Take care of my girls for me."

"You needn't worry. I'll take good care of them."

"Master," Julia suddenly said, "you need to bring Evelyn early to the poker game."

"Why and how early?"

"She needs to be prepared before hand. Six should be sufficient."

"I'll leave here at three then. If there's no accidents, that should be sufficient to get her there on time."

"Thank you, Master. We miss you."

The call ended. We looked at each other.

"Here we are; one big happy family," Marcia said, "waiting for a certain someone, who shall remain nameless to protect his identity, to get another erection, because other someone's like to fuck."

"I can see your dilemma. Let me ask this. We have time for one more fucking. Who gets it?"

Evelyn and Marcia looked at one another. "Can't we share," Evelyn said. "You should last fifteen or more minutes. I would think that's plenty of time to give us each a few more orgasms."

"Who gets the cum?"

"Marcia can have the cum to start; I'll suck the cum out of her cunt to end," Evelyn said.

"Sounds like a plan, Mr. Rivers," Marcia said.

"Who will give me the erection?" I asked.

"We both will," they said together, laughing.

So they both worked to give me an erection and a damn good job of it they did, too. In ten minutes, I was fucking them both. I think Marcia ended up with more orgasms. She usually did, but if it mattered to them, I'm sure they'd work it out between them later tonight.

Before I left, Zoe came by with the paperwork. "I don't see anything wrong with the proposal. It's just a question if they want to sell or not, but it seems like they'll need to expand one way or the other."

"Thanks, Zoe." I kissed her softly on the lips.

"Are you all done here?"

I was all dressed, but Evelyn and Marcia were still on the bed going at it.

"I am, but they look like they're still interested in continuing if you'd like to join in."

"Don't mind if I do," she said, climbing on the bed. "Good night, Scott. See you next time."

Evelyn and Marcia made room for her, and she joined in. "Good night, all."

I received some muffled words in reply as I left.

******

JULIA

Regina was awake and sucking her Master's cock before anyone else was, swallowing his cum when he climaxed. She immediately climbed over his lap without being told, waiting for her spanking. When he started to give it to her without the usual mantra's attached, she asked him to continue reminding her to be a better person, so he once again punctuated her spanking with maxims to be a better person, not necessarily a better slave. She kissed him after, then rushed to the kitchen to start working on breakfast.

I looked at Bill. "She's like a completely different person."

"I, for one, am not going to look a gift horse in the mouth," Lisa said. "I could use some help in the kitchen and I wouldn't mind having my cunt licked either."

"I can help you with the latter," Bill said, "but I'm hopeless in the kitchen."

Lisa lay down with her legs open. "I'm waiting, Master, since you can't fuck my cunt, the least you can do is lick it."

"Fine, I'll help her in the kitchen," I said. I left the two of them to their own devices.

I hugged Regina and started helping with breakfast. "If you have enough eggs," Regina said, "I have a great recipe for omelets."

"We have two dozen; will that be sufficient?"

"I'll make three egg omelets for the two men, two eggers for us slaves."

We cut up mushrooms, celery, tomatoes, cheese, onions and bacon after frying it. She stirred all the ingredients with eggs in a large bowl, got a sauté pan and using a ladle, put the ingredients in and started cooking, folding it on both sides to the middle.

"I'm leaving them a little underdone so we can microwave them when people start showing up for breakfast. One minute on high."

Robert was the first to show up. He was the only one not yet in the habit of going naked, though he was dressed in shorts only. Since one was almost ready, Regina cooked it through and set his plate down in front of him. He ran his hand up her leg when she did and stroked her pussy.

"I'm busy cooking, sir, but if Master gives me permission, I'll be happy to take care of you later."

He smacked her still red bottom. "Sounds great."

Lisa and Bill showed up a few minutes later. Bill's face was still covered in Lisa's fluids, so Regina gave him a damp paper towel when he sat down. Another omelet was ready so she gave him one, while I microwaved Lisa's and mine. Regina did her own last. The rest she put in the fridge to make Rhonda's when she got back from work.

"Master, Robert seemed interested in using your slave after breakfast. May I have your permission to serve him after I've fed Rhonda, and may I please cum if he fucks me?"

"You have permission for both."

Lisa and I looked at each other. This was a far cry from the Regina we'd come to know.

"Thank you, sir."

We'd eaten breakfast and started to clean up when Sean and Shasta arrived.

Before Shasta had a chance to say anything, Regina was kneeling at her feet. "Mistress, would you like your cunt licked?"

"Thank you," Shasta said. "I believe I would enjoy that."

As soon as Shasta removed her clothing, Regina had her sit down, and was licking away.

"By the way," Shasta said, moaning, "Sean has the website ready to go except for the photos and videos we intend to take this weekend."

"If we decide to go through with the sale to Master Bill, he may need some other things added. Links to Brianna's and perhaps his other companies, addresses and phone numbers. He'll need to take a look at it."

Shasta started to moan through her first orgasm. "Whenever he wants to look, it's ready," she panted. "I don't know much about web sites, but it looks nice to me.

Regina gave her two more orgasms before asking, "Would you like me to continue licking, Mistress."

"No, thank you. We need to get to work soon."

"Would you like me to take care of your slave?" Regina asked.

"He doesn't have time either. He can wait for his cum break."

"Yes, Mistress. Master, if you don't need me at the moment, I can serve Robert now."

"No, I'm good for the moment."

"Robert where and how would you like to use me?" Regina asked.

"Now, here, use your mouth."

Without another word, Regina was kneeling in front of him, releasing his cock from his shorts and sucking him off. She was still working on him when the others arrived. As soon as they were undressed, Shasta was ordering us to get to work. While we started, I told Reneé that we'd like to invite Jerry and her for dinner tonight, it was time for them to both try out the new slave girl.

"Master will be pleased to see how Regina has progressed under Bill's direction. I'll call him to make sure, but I believe you may expect us tonight."

"I believe Bill intends on ordering Thai food tonight if Marcus is available to deliver."

Reneé laughed. "The one who fucked you with Master just before your ceremony?"

"The very same."

"I have a feeling Regina will be very full tonight."

"I do too. You and I may have some time on our hands."

"We'll find a good use for it," she said, smiling.

"We always do."

When Lucas started to cry, it was Lisa's turn to take care of it. When she was back within five minutes, without him, I asked where he was.

"Regina said she'd take care of him today. Master William is helping her."

My eyebrows went up. "I know," Lisa said, "I'm as surprised as you are."

"Bill already told me he didn't do dirty diapers," I said. "I only showed Regina once. I hope she knows what she's doing."

Regina came down for our cum break, bringing salads for everyone, asking Shasta who was first. Shasta said, "Sean," removing his cock cage and Regina was sucking his cock the second it came off. Shasta didn't give Sean permission to cum for fifteen minutes, so Sean flooded her mouth. All she did was swallow, lick him clean and say "next". She was getting better and better and recognized when an orgasm should be done quickly and when she should take her time. Her face was a mess when she was done, but she waited for Shasta's permission to wash it off, leaving when she was told she was done.

Charlotte, Melanie and Alice didn't really know Regina, so none of her new behavior was strange to them, but the rest of us were wondering if she'd been replaced by a good twin or doppelgänger. She came down a couple hours later with some iced tea for anyone who wanted some.

When we finished work and went upstairs, William was rocking Lucas while Regina sucked his cock. She continued to do so while everyone else watched her bring him to a groaning orgasm. I took Lucas while Regina cleaned her Master, an easy task as she hadn't let a single drop escape. Reneé stayed as her Master was meeting her here. Since it was after work, Regina offered anyone else an orgasm if they wanted one. Shasta and Sean left and Melanie declined, but all the other women were happy to receive another one. She did Charlotte and Alice first as they had to leave and go the farthest. Janet was next door, so she got the next one and the rest of us were staying, so we all went last.

As soon as Jerry arrived, Regina was offering him a blow job. As soon as he stripped, she led him to one of the easy chairs. He sat down and Regina proceeded to give him one of the nice, slow, seductive blow jobs. Reneé stood beside his chair and kissed her Master while Regina worked over his cock. It must have been a very good sucking, as Jerry arched his hips off the chair and into her mouth as he started to cum, groaning loudly.

"I've got to say, Bill. I didn't expect Regina to be so accomplished so quickly. That was a damn fine suck job, slave."

"Thank you, Master," Regina said, smiling at the praise.

Nope, not the same Regina at all. It's like a switch had been flipped. I wondered if it was some kind of scam, though to what end, I hadn't a clue.

A Master's immediate needs taken care of, we got Robert from the patio and looked at the online menu for the Thai food joint and picked out a wide selection of food. Bill made the call for the food, asking first if Marcus was working. He was and Bill asked what time he got off. It wasn't until eleven PM and we certainly weren't going to wait that late to order food, but Bill was more flexible. He simply offered an additional five hundred dollars if we could take Marcus out of delivery circulation for awhile. The restaurant was curious as to why. Bill told them some friends of Marcus were visiting from out of town only for the day and wanted to spend a little time with him before they had to leave. For five hundred, they were fine to lose him for 90 minutes or so. It also helped we were buying food for eight people in addition. I don't know what they normally made on their take out business for a weekday night, but Bill was paying $700 for our little soiree. The food was to be delivered at seven.

"Regina, the delivery driver's name is Marcus," I said. "You're going to be the tip for him as you were at the restaurant on Saturday. You're to offer him his choice of holes. Jerry and Robert will take the other two at the same time. You're going to be airtight. Have you ever been airtight before?"

"No, Domina."

"Good, a first for you. Since Marcus can stay awhile, you'll have time to get fucked twice while he's here. The second time may not be a triple penetration. That will up to the others, including your Master, not you. Just do as you're told and be the most pleasing slave you can be."

"Yes, Domina. Will I have to clean the cocks who use me?"

"Only the ones from your mouth and cunt. We'll make sure the one who uses your ass is washed as you haven't been cleansed as you were yesterday. You will be required to help get them ready to fuck you again."

"Yes. Thank you, Domina."

"Since we have some time before Marcus gets here, why don't you thank Reneé for her allowing you to suck her Master. There's no rush. You can take your time in thanking her. Reneé, why don't you take a seat in your Master's lap and spread your legs for the new slave."

Reneé immediately took a seat with Jerry and spread her legs for Regina. Jerry was able to play with Reneé's breasts as Regina applied her mouth and tongue to the slave's slit.

"Rhonda, since you find Master William to be cunt worthy, he's going to fuck your lovely black cunt tonight while Regina is airtight. Make sure William is ready for you by the time Marcus arrives."

"Yes, Domina."

"Lisa, while I take care of Lucas, who seems to be hungry right now, I leave you the task of ensuring Robert is ready to fuck Regina when the food arrives. I've gotten to enjoy Robert's fucking twice while he's been here. I know your cunt is off limits, but you might want to enjoy him fucking your ass sometime this evening. I believe you'll find him a nice lover." I kissed her. "My gift to you."

I went to get Lucas. I put him to my breast and returned to the living room. Rhonda and Lisa were seated on Bill's and Robert's laps respectively, They were kissing and the men were fondling the naked slaves. They wouldn't have any trouble having erections by the time Marcus arrived. At some point, Jerry got another erection and he'd set Reneé over it, so he could enjoy the tightness of her sheath and her tremors as she orgasmed. I don't know how many times Reneé orgasmed, but it was a lot and she was squirming again when the doorbell rang.

"That's your signal, slave. Don't wipe your face before you open the door."

"Yes, Domina."

Regina went to the door and Marcus came in, carrying three plastic bags of food. He recognized the three slaves who lived here and Jerry and Reneé from the last time he'd been here, but Bill, Robert and Regina were all new to him.

"Is your Master in LA still," he asked me.

"Again," I replied, smiling. "We have a new slave who wishes to offer you your tip."

Recognizing her clue, Regina said, "I'm to be your tip, sir. You're to choose any hole you wish to fuck. Two other men will be filling the other two."

Lisa took the food and brought it to the dining room. Marcus walked around the new slave, inspecting her, his hands moving over her body as he looked. When he touched something sensitive, Regina shivered, but otherwise remained still for his examination.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
"Is she as good at sucking as you are?" Marcus asked me again.

"I helped train her," I replied.

"Not many women can suck my dick, so that's always a special treat," Marcus said.

"Bill arranged for you to stay for over about 90 minutes tonight," I said. "You have the time not to be limited to just one hole."

"In that case, I'd like to fuck her cunt. I love the way women cum on my cock."

"We love the way we cum on your cock as well," I said. "Would you like to adjourn to the bedroom again?"

"Yeah, great. Especially if she's going to be fucking three of us. Which ones?"

"Jerry you recognize from a couple weeks ago, will fuck her ass. We want her to be stuffed with as much cock as possible. Robert, the one sitting with Lisa, will take her mouth."

"Lead the way, darlin'," Marcus said, taking Regina's hand.

Regina led him to the bedroom. The rest of us followed. Marcus removed his clothes dropping them on the floor. He climbed onto the bed, already hard. He must get hard just hearing what house he was delivering to now. Regina was already soaking wet from her previous activities and had no problem sinking over his cock despite his size. Jerry was going to make a damn tight fit when he entered her ass. I handed Jerry some lube though his cock was still wet from Reneé's pussy, since it would be crowded in there. He spread some thoroughly around and in her rosebud while Lisa spread some over his cock. I was still feeding Lucas, so really couldn't participate, which was a damn shame considering all the cock here at the moment.

Jerry pushed slowly into Regina's bottom and she started moaning and pretty much didn't stop, even after Robert plugged her mouth. It just came from deeper in her throat. The three men started fucking her and Regina was climaxing within moments. Bill had Rhonda lie down on the foot of the bed and he began preparing her by licking her cunt. Rhonda was as randy a slave as the rest of us were so it didn't take long for her to cum a couple times. Bill lay down on his back and let Rhonda mount him so she could go at her own pace. Reneé directed Lisa to sit in one of the chairs in our bedroom. She knelt down and started licking Lisa. I sat down in the other chair.

Both of the slaves were doing well, cumming often, Regina more frequently. Rhonda was leaning on her hands, propped on Bill's chest, riding him slowly, taking her time. His hands would rub her bottom, her hips and waist, palm her breasts and thumb her nipples as she rode, keeping his hands moving, stroking other erogenous zones.

The men in Regina started pumping faster and making sounds presaging their orgasms, so I got up for a warm wet washcloth to clean Jerry off when he finished. Robert was the first to cum, driving deep down Regina's throat. I doubted she tasted a single drop of his cum until he had to pull out enough to let her breathe. Marcus was the second one to cum, his cock pulsing his load far up Regina's slave cunt. Jerry, who'd cum more recently than either of the others, was able to keep going past the other two, and I think his thrusting helped keep Marcus harder than normal after a climax. Regina orgasmed two more times on the two big pricks before Jerry grunted and froze, pumping his load up Regina's stretched rectum.

Bill's previous sexual activity today and the slow pace of Rhonda's ride made him last longer than the other three. His throaty groans the last to fill the room. Jerry pulled out, and Marcus's started to slither out, finally shrinking. I helped Jerry clean his cock, while Regina started in on Marcus and Rhonda took care of Bill. Lisa and Reneé cleaned the two women, Lisa on her sister slave.

William said, "A little supper now. Marcus feel free to join us. We ordered a lot."

"Thanks. Don't mind if I do."

While I fixed some veggies and fruit for Lucas, Rhonda and Lisa zapped the food to warm it back up, setting the table with some plates. We all had hearty appetites and pretty much wiped the food out. Not enough left to keep for leftovers. After a quick clean up, Marcus led Regina into the living room and told her to start sucking.

"Marcus, before she does that, you might want her to brush her teeth. We've noticed on previous occasions when we've eaten Thai food, the spices remain in the mouth and some of the peppers will burn your cock."

"Christ, I didn't think of that. Good tip."

He waited for everyone who intended to use their mouths to brush their teeth. Since Reneé didn't have a toothbrush, she took care of putting Lucas to bed. Regina returned and began sucking Marcus's big cock. She had to work down his shaft carefully, it being longer than anything she'd swallowed before. When she'd finally gotten all of Marcus down, Jerry started fucking her cunt, spit roasting her on the two cocks. It was the third hole of Regina he used tonight.

Lisa sucked Robert to another erection and bent over for him to fuck her ass. Since I hadn't had any action tonight, I sucked Bill back for another round of sex, mounting his lap on the couch after he was hard. Rhonda pleasured Reneé on the other chair. Regina extracted a mouthful of cum from Marcus after fifteen minutes, continuing to suck even after she'd drained every drop.

"You weren't wrong about this slave," Marcus moaned. "She's a fantastic cock sucker."

Jerry orgasmed about three minutes after Marcus, continuing to pound her pussy as he climaxed.

Robert had already cum in Lisa's tight ass and she'd gotten a washcloth to clean him off. I was still riding Bill, enjoying his hands moving over me as they'd moved over Rhonda, kissing him and rubbing against him as I fucked. I climaxed five times as he fucked me. He finally groaned and felt him throbbing inside me as he gave me my present. He couldn't maintain his erection after he climaxed and I felt him start to leave my pussy as he shrank. I quickly got my mouth over him to clean him while Rhonda licked me clean. Lisa was cleaning Regina's cunt after Jerry had cum in her, his sperm still voluminous enough to be running down her leg.

"Man, I hate to leave, but I better get going," Marcus said. "This was fantastic. You know where to reach me if you get hungry again."

"For big cocks or Thai food?" Lisa asked.

"Either," Marcus grinned. "I'm good either way. Thanks for the tip. Best ones I get."

Regina got down on her knees. "I'm glad I was pleasing to you, sir. Thank you for fucking me."

"Any time, slave."

Marcus left. Jerry said, "Reneé and I need to push off too. You're an excellent slave, Regina. I hope to win you Friday night. I'll fuck every one of your holes again."

"Thank you, Master. I enjoyed you as well. You were so deep in my ass."

Jerry pulled her close and kissed her, thrusting a couple fingers in her cunt until she gasped in another orgasm. Slave sluts didn't take long.

Jerry fed me his fingers, letting me taste Regina when he kissed me goodbye. He kissed the others as well. Reneé did too. Robert went to bed alone.

"Master, if you think it's possible, I'd like you to fuck Rhonda once more before she has to shower for work," I said.

"Do you know how many times I've cum already this evening?"

"Only three," I said. "Regina was sucking you off when we finished work, and then you fucked Rhonda and me. I'm sure you can fuck one more time."

"I don't know how Scott does it?" Bill groaned.

"We wouldn't normally fuck as much as we have. You are breaking in a new slave. It takes a little work to break one in. Don't worry. We'll get you primed before you fuck her."

Bill laughed. "You know, if you fuck me to death, Evelyn will be very disappointed."

"You're healthy," I said. "I doubt if we can fuck you to death, though your dick might fall off. Come on to bed." I reached out to take his hand.

Bill laughed and took my hand, allowing me to pull him off the couch. We all retired to the bedroom. Since Bill was currently hors de combat, my sister slave, Lisa and I got comfortable with each other. Rhonda and Regina also started playing, Rhonda showing Regina how to scissor their cunts together. Within a half hour, Bill's cock showed signs of recovery and I told Lisa and Rhonda to get in a sixty-nine with Rhonda on top. Regina and I sucked Bill's cock and balls until he was fully erect, then he slipped his cock into Rhonda. I liked Rhonda to enjoy female comfort when she was fucking a man whenever possible.

William lasted quite a while, even though he was driving this time. My slave was enjoying her double fucking, Lisa licking her clit while the cunt worthy William pierced her pussy. I told Regina to play with Bill's balls as he fucked, showing her how. After twenty minutes, Bill grunted and froze, his prick pulsing the last of his cum into Rhonda. I told Regina to clean the cum out of Rhonda's cunt and keep going until told to stop. I cleaned William's cock of mostly my own slave's fluids. He hadn't been quite shooting blanks, but there wasn't much left.

After I was done, he called Evelyn for his daily check in. He put the phone on speaker.

"We're at Sam's house and Marcia is with us, Master," Evelyn answered, not too busy to respond herself.

"Did Scott get the business plan?" Bill asked.

"He did, sir. Zoe is checking it over for him."

"How are you doing, pumpkin?"

"Very good, sir. We were just talking about how Marcia and I met and became friends, during a break in the activities. How are you doing, Master?"

"I'm good. I was just fucking Rhonda. She's quite a lovely young woman."

"And how is Regina doing?" Master asked.

"Quite well. She's eating my cum out of Rhonda right now. Jerry was here earlier for supper. He took a turn with her. She's turning into quite an excellent slave. Whoever wins her on Friday won't be disappointed."

"Good news for the poker players," Master said. "The two to be auctioned off will be Regina and Evelyn?"

"Regina for the night. Evelyn won't. I'm only selling her holes. I'll want to spend the night with her myself. I miss her."

"Thank you, Master. I miss you too. I love you."

"I love you too, dear. Enjoy the rest of your evening. Good night, Scott, Marcia. Perhaps I'll see you both tomorrow."

"You might see Marcia, but I plan to be busy, planning the work for next week. I wasn't planning on coming over. Take care of my girls for me."

"You needn't worry. I'll take good care of them."

"Master," I suddenly said, remembering, "you need to bring Evelyn early to the poker game."

"Why and how early?"

"She needs to be prepared before hand. Six should be sufficient."

"I'll leave here at three then. If there's no accidents, that should be sufficient to get her there on time."

"Thank you, Master. We miss you."

Some quick goodbyes and the call ended.

"I'm whipped," William said. "I need to sleep, and don't get me up early. I might sleep eight hours tonight."

"Do you mind if we continue to play, Master?" I asked.

"As long as you turn off the lights and keep it down, I don't care. I doubt even that would keep me awake, but I don't want to find out."

"Yes, sir."

Rhonda had to get up to shower and prepare for work. She turned off the lights as she exited and Bill was soon snoring softly beside us. Lisa was between Regina's legs while I kissed her and played with her breasts. She was soon panting softly, cumming again for the umpteenth time tonight.

"You surprised me today, slave," I whispered while kissing her neck. "What happened?"

Regina sighed. "I realized I was fighting my slavery," she whispered back. "Fighting it wasn't going to make it shorter or change it in any way. I would still have to do as Master demanded. I'd just be unhappier complying. I decided to accept what I am until Saturday morning and do what I could to enjoy it."

"And have you enjoyed it?"

"I've certainly orgasmed frequently. I see why you enjoyed being triple penetrated. I've never felt so much like a toy for the pleasure of men."

I nibbled on a nipple, causing another soft moan. To me, it didn't sound like someone who had simply given up fighting her slavery. It sounded like someone who was discovering she was a slave. I was interested in finding out what she'd do after her week was up. She might not ever be the same again.

I mounted her face to squelch further moaning, feeling her tongue dig deep in my core. I climaxed, flooding her tongue with more of my honeyed nectar. After four more delightful orgasms, I switched places with Lisa and lapped her liquid folds while she pleasured my sister slave.

******

Lisa and I got up at our regular time to work. Bill and Regina stayed in bed. We left her so she could care for him when he woke up. Around nine he brought Regina downstairs. He was dressed, the slave wasn't.

"Sorry to disturb you, but I want witnesses to this slave's morning spanking, then I'll be taking her to LA with me. I won't be returning until late tonight, so this slave won't be present when you have your cum break later. I wanted to let you know in the event you were depending on her."

"We weren't expecting her to be here," I said. "We've already told the others and will take care of it ourselves, Master."

"Very good." He pulled a chair over to our group and sat down. "Over my knee now, slave."

I wondered if it would make a difference to Regina, spanked in front of people who weren't slaves or Dominants. If it did, I couldn't tell. Bill did his mantras again, punctuated by a heavy swat, and Regina repeated them back, word for word. When all fifty were completed, he told Regina to get dressed, something warmer than she was used to as they were flying by helicopter and she would be chilled at the altitude they'd be flying. She scurried to obey, her ass red and stinging.

"I'll see everyone except perhaps Rhonda tonight," Bill said before leaving.

"If you could save a fuck for us, Master," I said, "I'd appreciate it."

Bill smiled, saying, "I haven't seen my slave in several days. I won't make promises."

"I understand, Master."

"Later, then."

"Have a good trip, sir."

We went back to work. The four female slaves were tasked with providing the orgasms for everyone at lunch. I was lucky enough to get Sean. At least I got to feel a cock between my lips.

******

SCOTT

It was disappointing waking up without a slave to take care of me in the morning. Not having to waste any time with sex, I was at work early and worked late. Thursday was the day I was usually scheduling the next weeks worth of contractors to come in and work on what needed to be done after this weeks work was done. They had a tentative schedule they were working off, so I was just confirming or slightly adjusting. I was happy with the progress we were making. Drywall was all finished and plasterers were coming in next week for the walls and ceilings, then painters, then flooring, and we'd be into the final millwork and electrical fixtures. It was still looking good for a late July, early August finish date.

Since I worked late, I ate late, going to my usual diner for supper. I was surprised when someone slipped into the seat across from me.

"Surprise."

"Marcia! What are you doing here?"

"If you weren't coming to Brianna's, I had to come here."

"How did you find me?"

"Evelyn told me you ate here quite a lot. This is where you took me to breakfast, so I took a chance."

"Are you sure Sam is still okay with you and me? Evelyn isn't here this evening."

"I talked to him half an hour ago, before I left. He's fine. Knowledge and consent; I haven't forgotten."

"This is an unexpected pleasure."

"I almost brought Dawn with me after the way she bitched the other day, but she's gotten to fuck you more than I have, so I changed my mind. I thought about bringing Cindy too, but I still get twitchy at the thought of brother and sister, so I couldn't."

"I understand. It may be legal, but it still strikes deep for most people."

"I figure, without any sex this morning....wait, you didn't masturbate did you?"

"No. You must have a very low opinion of your sexual prowess if you thought I needed to masturbate after last night."

She laughed. "Right. So no sex this morning. I figure you should be good for four or five times tonight before I have to go home."

"And a very high opinion of my sexual prowess given it's almost eight already. Four times, maybe, by eleven if that's when you have to leave. Can you spend the night?"

"No. I think Sam would be worried if I spent too many nights. It seems like more than fucking then, don't you think?"

"I suppose. Spending several days with Evelyn has seemed like more than sex. I'm not saying I'd be falling in love with her, but there's something more about waking up next to someone in the morning."

"Exactly. I'd like to keep this on a fuck and run basis."

"Just don't be planning on more than four then, and that's if we jump straight into the sack as soon as we get to the motel."

"That's my plan. Pay your tab and let's go."

Thank goodness the harridan wasn't working tonight. I didn't have to explain Marcia to her. As soon as we got back to my room, Marcia was tearing her clothes off, then started on my pants since I didn't seem to be going fast enough for her. Her lips were wrapped around my cock before my pants were at my ankles.

"Damn, you are desperate."

Marcia mumbled something, but shook her head yes.

I stepped out of my pants and tossed her up on the bed. She landed on her back and I was on her like winos on a bottle of Ripple. She guided my cock to her pussy, and moaned as I plunged in hard.

"Mama likes," Marcia whimpered.

I fucked hard and fast for this one, getting the immediate need out of the way. I only lasted a little over five minutes, but Marcia still climaxed three times. We were both panting heavily when I finished.

"That was...," Marcia said, panting, thinking about the word, "sudden."

I got out of the bed and she said, "You're not done yet, are you? I'm just getting warmed up."

"Now we got the first one out of the way, we can take a little time." I slipped my pants on.

"Where the hell are you going?"

"To my truck. I need a few things."

"Hurry back."

I returned a couple minutes later with my tool box and some rope. I find rope to be very useful for a number of things. It can be very handy on the job. I always carried some around with me.

I set the tool box down and said, "Do you trust me," fingering the rope.

Her eyes glittered. "I trust you," she whispered.

"Good, because I'm going to tie you down."

It was a heavy, but soft, nylon rope, which could pull a truck out of a ditch, but wouldn't scrape delicate flesh. I looped a couple lengths around her ankles, then pulled them to the corners of the bed, spreading them out. Her pussy was glistening with both of our fluids, a bead of cream escaping her sheath. I'd have to take care of that shortly. I didn't want to get the bed messy. I did the same with her hands, tying them to the opposite corners, spreading her on the bed. I took a tie which I wore if I had a meeting with someone important and tied it around her eyes, shutting off her sight. Losing your sight temporarily could be very erotic. It must seem so to Marcia as well as her nipples were distended and puckered. I sucked on one briefly, drawing another moan from my helpless victim. I got on the bed with her and licked some of the juices leaking from her cunt.

"Mmm," she murmured, thrusting her hips up against my tongue.

I continued licking her through an orgasm so I knew I'd gotten most of the fluids out of her. She tugged on the ropes slightly as she orgasmed, her hands wanting to reach for my head and hold me against her folds, but she wasn't going anywhere, so she relaxed as the waves ebbed.

I started digging in my toolbox. She heard me digging and her breathing grew faster. I was looking for something to use as a sex toy, but most of the tools either had rubber handles, which wouldn't slide easily, despite Marcia's wetness, or other things like a screwdriver with a six sided, slotted handle which wasn't smooth enough for tender flesh either. I did find a couple small C clamps which might have a use.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 6|
--------------------------------------------
"What are you doing?"

"Sshh. You'll find out soon enough."

I found a roll of string used for chalking straight lines which would be good for tickling her, but nothing else popped into my head. I gave up on the tool box and looked around the room. Ahh, two clothespins Julia used to secure a pair of pants on a hanger. That would work. A sweaty bandanna, might also tickle if applied to the right erogenous zones. What else? The ice bucket gave me an idea. If you've ever seen the movie, <em>9 and ½ Weeks</em>, you know what the idea was. I grabbed the bucket and opened the door. She heard the door open and shivered, tugging at her ropes again.

"Where are you going?" Marcia asked.

I decided to play around with her since she couldn't see.

"Out to find some help. I don't think one person will be enough to fuck you tonight."

"Scott," she warned, "Don't you fucking dare."

"Mmm. Too much noise, I think." I took her underwear and stuffed them into her mouth. "That's better."

She tried speaking, but couldn't raise her voice above a muffled "Mmffftthh."

"Don't make too much noise. I'm leaving the door unlocked, you might draw some unwanted attention. Who knows who'll come in the room wondering what's going on in here. If they find you like this, will they release you, or fuck you. They'll definitely see you all stretched out in a very compromising position."

More muffled sounds, with accompanying thrashing. I opened the door again and the thrashing and noises stopped. I closed the door silently so she didn't hear the lock click. I went down to the ice machine. Without being able to see and in such a shameful and humiliating position, Marcia would lose track of the passage of time. Ten minutes could be a twenty or two minutes. Unless she actually tried to count the seconds, she wouldn't know how long she waited. She'd just know it was too long. I waited ten, letting her sweat.

I made noise when I opened the door, but didn't speak a word. "Sthott?" I think that was Scott, wanting to know who was in the room. I didn't speak. I closed the door. She shifted restlessly. "Sthott?" A little louder. I moved close to the bed. She was shivering. I put a hand over her breast, stroking it, then pinching one of her nipples. "Sthott?" Louder yet. I trailed a fingernail down from her quivering breast, over her stomach, making it flutter, to her mound. Marcia was motionless. I slid my hand down over her nether lips, one finger sliding through the wet sheath. Her hips jerked.

I'm sure Marcia guessed it was me, fucking with her, but she didn't know, and that not knowing was driving her nuts. I took the hand and ran it from her knee up her inner thigh to her pussy, the skin shivering and goose bumps forming. Another swipe through her slit, from bottom to top, over her clit which was starting to peek from its hood. Her hips jerked again. One finger went into her cunt and she moaned, helpless and wet. A second finger joined it, sawing back and forth. She orgasmed, moaning, shivering, thrusting against my hand. I pulled my fingers out.

I made some noise as if I was getting undressed, opening my zipper close enough for her to hear, picking up my shoes and dropping them on the floor, taking my time as if I had to remove all my clothes. My cock was hard again, a drop of pre-cum forming on the tip. I didn't trust her not to bite me if I touched it to her lips, so I rubbed it along her cheek instead, leaving a slimy trail on it. I also rubbed the head over her nipples, still puckered spikes, growing harder when I did. I got between her legs and rubbed the head up and down her slit, making her moan again, twitching, wondering whose cock it was touching her. Her cunt was horrendously wet, fluids leaking again. My cock felt as rigid as an iron bar. I slowly started entering her, going so slow I was still only halfway in after a minute.

Marcia wouldn't know how long the cock was until it was all the way in. She orgasmed, squeezing it inside, whimpering. I pushed a little deeper, letting her feel more. Her hips were shaking. Giving her another inch, before sliding out again, only the tip remaining inside, stretching her. Going back the other way, only as deep as before, keeping that last inch from her, reversing, a slow withdrawal. Doing it five more times; she orgasmed again, her hips arching. Not giving her what she wanted yet. Pulling all the way out, rubbing myself up and down the slit once more, rubbing against her clitoris.

She was panting, still excited, still scared. She tried again. "Sthott?" Questioning. Not a sound in response. Just sliding my prick into her pussy again, wetter now, moaning. Five more slow in and outs, not giving her all of it. I leaned over her, sucking on a nipple, poised at the gate, just inside her. Sucking on the other one. Slamming into her, every inch, making her gasp, moan and cum again. Another slam, then another, beginning to piston back and forth. So wet, so steamy, squelching as our bodies collided together.

Cumming, growling deep in her throat, muffled by her panties stuffed in her mouth, soggy with her saliva. Pounding her through another orgasm, then pulling out, not wanting to cum myself yet. More teasing yet to do. I got off the bed, brought the ice bucket to the nightstand. Retrieving a cube, touching her nipple, her flinch, unable to tell if it was hot or cold at first. Realizing it was cold as it melted, cold water running down a puffy breast. Doing the other one. More moaning. Her nipples even harder if it were possible. Switching to my hot mouth, licking and sucking the puckered spike. Putting an ice cube in my mouth, treating her to hot and cold at the same time. Moving, changing location.

Taking another cube and running it around the crinkled star on her bottom, making her quiver again. Pushing another cube through the muscular ring; the cold a contrast to the warmth inside, melting, affecting more of it. Doing the same with her pussy. Rubbing a cube around the rim of her hole, then pushing it inside. First one, then another, melting and cool water starting to leak from her, mixed with her own cum. Licking it up; warm tongue against cold surfaces, another orgasm. Melted ice water flowing out; collecting it on my tongue.

Another cube, held in my mouth, rubbing up and down her slit, cold and warmth again, hard and soft surfaces in concert. Touching her clit, another orgasm, then sucking her clit through the worst or best of it; her orgasm extending for a couple minutes.

Two more cubes in her pussy, then pushing my cock inside, plugging it. Feeling the ice rubbing against me, the cold mixed with her own steamy heat. Putting the clothes pins on her nipples, pinching them, making her yip. Fucking her hard again, pummeling her mound, slamming against her clit over and over, making her cum over and over again, her howls of pleasure muffled by her own underwear. Waiting just before I was about to cum, then pulling the pins off her nipples with my teeth, one after the other, making her cum once last time as I emptied myself in her, throbbing, thick ropes of cum mixing with the water.

Pulsing the last few drops of cum in her fluttering pussy, pulling out, liquid leaking from her. Damn! I'd be sleeping in a wet spot tonight, right in the middle of the bed. Her quivering slowing, stopping, heavy breaths through her nose, sucking for air. I pulled the soggy panties from her mouth.

"Scott?" A dry, whispered inquiry, still unsure of who had fucked her like this. Semi sure, but not positive if it was the right fucker.

"Who else," I finally answered.

"You asshole," she hissed. "I can't believe you did that, you bastard."

"You can't tell me you didn't like it. I know better."

"Let me go, you prick."

"Asshole, bastard, prick. Pick one and stick to it."

"Fine, you fucker! Let me go."

"I like that one. Fucker. That fits me just fine."

She glared at me, then started grinning, unable to maintain her anger, given the fucking she'd just had.

"You really are a fucker. Are you going to let me go?"

"Not yet. One more thing left to do."

"What's that?"

I got over her in a sixty-nine, my cock dangling over her head.

"What makes you think I won't bite that off if you put it anywhere near my mouth?" She was still trying to be angry, but not having much success.

"I guess I'll just have to find out."

I wasn't stupid though. I licked and sucked her to another orgasm before I let my prick anywhere near her teeth. Thankfully, when I lowered myself enough for her mouth to reach it, it opened up and started sucking our mutual fluids off. I kept pleasuring her and she kept pleasuring me until I spasmed once more, sending spurts of cum down her throat. She swallowed it all.

Standing up, I looked down at her, still stretched on the bed, open and vulnerable.

"You're the most beautiful woman I know. I can't believe I just fucked you. It's like I fucked a movie star or supermodel, completely outside my normal frame of reference." I ran a hand over her breasts again. Perfect mounds that remained somewhat peaked, not flattening too much. "Absolutely incredible. Sam is a lucky fucking man."

I started to release her, hands first, then her legs. She stretched, moving to relax tense muscles. I laid down beside her and pulled her on top of me, just holding her, kissing her, our tongues intertwining.

We kissed for several minutes, our breathing and heartbeats slowing, the flush of the fucking passing.

"What made you decide to do that?" Marcia asked, laying her head on my chest.

"I was looking for something to use as sex toys to, you know, be a little creative. I didn't really find much I could use except the clothespins. Then I remembered the scene from the movie <em>9 and ½ Weeks </em>where Mickey Rourke uses the ice cubes on Kim Bassinger. I figured that could be the sex toy. Then when I left to get the ice, you asked where I was going. I thought, mess with her head a little. When I return, she'll be 90-95% certain it's me, but there will be this tiny part of her wondering if it's someone else; that she's fucking a complete stranger. That tiny part will make this fucking memorable."

"God! You were right. I couldn't help but think there was a stranger who came into the open door and was now fucking me, or perhaps you'd gotten someone else to help you fuck me. I had no way of knowing how long I was lying there. Almost certain it was you with just a hint of uncertainty. You can't believe how much I orgasmed."

"Oh yes I can. I felt most of them strangling my dick. They were righteously powerful."

She laughed. "I almost don't want to fuck again. It would be an anticlimax."

"If that's what you want."

She laughed again. "Fuck that! Who the hell cares if it's an anticlimax. I still want to feel your prick in my ass."

I joined her laughing. "It might take a few minutes. That last orgasm took a lot out of me."

Marcia looked up at me, and keeping her eyes on me, slowly moved down my body, kissing and nibbling as she went. Finding my limp prick, still looking at me, she opened her mouth and swallowed it all, slowly moving up and down my shaft as I started swelling. It didn't take nearly as long as I thought it would before she was kneeling on the bed in front of me with my prick up her pucker, fucking her again.

Ten-thirty rolled around we were resting once more, still breathing hard. Marcia was considering getting up and leaving. There was a knock on the door.

"Who the hell is that?" Marcia said, pulling some covers over herself.

"I'm not sure," I said, getting up, engaging the security bolt and cracking the door.

William and Evelyn Thornhill with Regina.

"Hi, there," Bill said. "You have one more day with her. I thought I should return her."

"Just a minute." I closed the door to release the lock, then stood behind the door and let them in.

They all saw Marcia on the bed, sheet pulled up to her chin.

"I wondered where you were when I didn't see you at supper, Marcia. How are you?" Bill asked.

"Peachy keen and well fucked," Marcia responded.

"Here I thought you'd be sitting alone in your room watching TV or something," Bill said.

"I thought the same until she showed up at the restaurant," I replied. "It was a pleasant surprise. She was just thinking about going."

"Do you have to?" Evelyn asked Marcia.

"Afraid so. Work tomorrow. I need my beauty rest."

"How did the day go with your two slaves?" I asked Bill.

"Evelyn and I had a nice reunion. I've missed her. Regina had some more cunt licking lessons from Monique, then she had to practice on everyone else there except the kids. I think she's desperate for cock right now, aren't you, Regina?"

"Yes, sir. Very much so."

"I'll turn Robert loose on her when we get back to your house. He hasn't fucked anyone all day."

"It's a long drive," I said.

"Oh, we flew," Bill said. "I'm thinking thirty minutes in the air once we reach the heliport."

"I worked late tonight, so I should be able to leave here early tomorrow and get home before the poker game starts."

"I can send the helo for you if you want?"

"No thanks. Save it for some time when I need it. It's possible Lucia will deliver next week and I'll need a fast way to get here."

Bill smiled. "Done. Take care of my slave one more night and I'll see you tomorrow."

"You got it. Give mine a kiss from me."

"I will. Goodbye, Evelyn, Marcia. Have a nice time."

"Thank you, Master." "Goodnight, Bill." Followed him out the door.

Evelyn took her clothes off, climbing into bed, kissing first me, a Master, then Marcia, free or a slave, depending on the day of the week and the presence of her Master. Evelyn slid down her body, going for her pussy and finding it quickly.

"Fuck!" Marcia moaned. "What the hell. Sam and Chantelle are gone until Wednesday. So what if I don't get a ton of sleep tonight. I can sleep all fucking weekend."

Evelyn looked up Marcia, her face already glistening from Marcia's juices, smiling, then diving in for a soupy repast. I just watched until my cock got hard again, then sliding into Evelyn's box, fucking her to three orgasms, switching to Marcia once more and fucking her to several more before emptying in Evelyn again, Marcia cleaning up after us.

I set my alarm while Marcia dressed. Her panties were still soaking. She had to put her jeans on without them.

"Good thing it's a short drive to my house," Marcia muttered, "or I'd rub my cunt raw. It's all your fault, Scott."

"But think how much fun you had first." I smiled as winsomely as I could.

"True," she grinned. "I guess I'll forgive you. Goodnight boys and girls."

"Good night, Marcia, and thanks for stopping by."

"Goodnight, Marcia. Thanks for interrupting your beauty sleep for me."

"It was mostly for me, Evelyn. I needed another quick fucking. Ta ta." She closed the door firmly behind her.

Evelyn snuggled against me. "What did you guys do, Master?"

"I'll tell you on the drive home tomorrow. It will give us something to talk about."

"Please bring me with you to work tomorrow, sir."

"Fine, since we'll be leaving at three anyway. Do you still have fresh batteries for your vibrators?"

"Yes, Master."

"Good night, Evelyn."

"Good night, sir."

She kissed me, and both of us were soon sleeping.

******

 

--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 65|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-65|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<em>Regina's slavery ends after she's sold for the night at a poker game. Julia's employee's help take pictures and photos for the website. Rhonda and Lisa go on a date. Scott and William take Julia, Evelyn and Evelyn dancing. This chapter contains, oral, anal, lesbian, interracial, and group sex, including a triple penetration. COVID-19 and STD's to not exist in this fantasy.</em>

<strong>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 65 - Photos and Videos, Pt 1</strong>

JULIA

It was pretty much a normal day without Master as Bill and Regina were gone. Lisa, Rhonda and I spent much of the evening exercising with perhaps an hour of fooling around. Rhonda left for work at 11:15. William, Robert and Regina all arrived around 11:30, Regina stripping as soon as she was through our door. Bill told Regina to go with Robert and do whatever he wished for the night. Since Robert was already sporting an erection, I assumed it meant she would spend at least part of the night fucking. Robert herded her up the stairs, pinching and patting her buttocks as she went. She turned her head to smile back at him. Was it an eagerness to be fucked?

We took Bill to the bedroom and helped undress him.

"Did you have a good time with Evelyn today, sir?" Lisa asked, removing his shoes.

"I had a very good time with Evelyn. She was quite attentive. I love my slave."

"Slaves definitely miss their Masters," I said. "It's very pleasant having someone else available for sex, but there is only one Master. Do I assume you're drained tonight and won't be needing us?" I pulled his shirt off, then unbuckled his pants. His penis remained flaccid.

"I believe I should put something in reserve for the next few days. Tomorrow night promises to be very busy."

"We understand, sir. Poker nights frequently are," Lisa said. "We exercised quite hard tonight as we were alone. We're quite tired ourselves."

"Although we're always available if you should need us, Master" I pointed out. "Would you like a quick shower?"

"That would be nice."

"Lisa will help wash you, sir. I'll put your clothes away."

Bill was back in ten minutes, so even soapy hands hadn't gotten him interested in sex. We all went to sleep.

******

Regina was sucking her Master's cock when we woke up Friday morning. She didn't stop until she collected his seed. I was proud to see how well she was doing, as I'd helped train her. Regina asked us if we needed her attentions. Never ones to turn down sex, both Lisa and I enjoyed an orgasm before we got up. Regina didn't get one until she climaxed during her spanking. When she requested permission to cum, Bill granted it, then finger fucked her to a couple more before finishing her spanking. To my point of view, Regina was behaving more and more like a slave. Cumming during her spanking was certainly an indication of her slave like behavior.

She was equally attentive to Shasta this morning when she arrived for work. As she licked Shasta's cunt, Shasta stroked her face and hair, calling her a "good girl". She was a very good girl. One more day of slavery, theoretically. Once again, she offered to take care of Lucas while we were working. It allowed Rhonda to have uninterrupted sleep when she got home, very lovely for my slave and much appreciated.

Regina serviced every cunt and cock when it was time for our cum break, and offered more iced tea at three, the perfect "good girl".

All three of us slaves were growing our pubic hair back. It was short and itchy, driving me crazy. It made me ache to scratch at my mons. I wanted it all grown in or all gone.

When work ended, Regina asked for my help cleansing her ass again for her sale tonight. Her sale was for the night and she could not expect her asshole to go unfucked. I wondered who would purchase her. Whoever bought her would get an excellent slave. Master and Evelyn arrived a little after six. I immediately took charge of Evelyn. In order to fulfill Bill's promise to Regina, Evelyn needed to go ass to mouth and she needed to be prepared to do so.

"Did Marcia show you how to cleanse your ass?" I asked.

"She did. Do I really have to suck someone's cock after they fuck my ass?"

"You do. William promised Regina she wouldn't have to do anything you didn't do. She's already done it, so you must do it also or your Master would have lied to her. I promise you, it's not bad once you've been cleansed. Anytime I'm certain someone will be fucking my ass, I do it, but no more than twice a week as I don't want to mess up my body's normal chemistry. I'm cleansing myself tonight too, as I'm hoping Master will fuck my ass after being gone for a week and knowing he has to fuck Lisa's cunt."

She shuddered, but said she was willing to try. I took care of both of us, then got a butt plug. After lubing it up, I put it in Evelyn's bottom. After twisting it around and fucking it in and out a couple times, I removed it, then showed it to her.

"See how clean it looks?" I said. "Watch me."

I stuck it in my mouth and sucked it clean.

"All I really taste is the lubricant. If someone had just cum in your ass, you'd taste the cum, and that's it. Your imagination is going to mess with you, knowing where the plug has been, but it's really okay. I'm going to stick it back in your ass, then I want you to suck it clean. If you should happen to get sick from the thought of it, we'll do it now, before you've eaten and not in public. I want you to know it's okay."

She nodded and I did it again. I handed it to her after I removed it. She looked at it closely, sniffed it even, then touched her tongue to it, testing it. So far, nothing to throw her off, so she stuck it in her mouth. She gagged a little, because until you've done it, your mind does mess with you, but noting it tasted fine, she got over it.

"You're right. It's practically tasteless. Maybe more soap than anything," Evelyn said.

"We can do another clear water rinse if you still taste a little soap."

"No, it's fine really. Might be my imagination more than anything, knowing I've soaped my ass a few times."

"Mine will be the same way, as will Regina's ass. If any one of us gets fucked in the ass, you can suck the cock that comes out of it, or lick the ass it came out of, for tidiness purposes. It's all the same, prick or asshole. Anyone else, they get the wet towel treatment, understand."

"I guess so."

"I'll prove it to you. Bend over and spread your cheeks, then relax your sphincter as if your Master was going to fuck your ass."

Evelyn looked at me, then bent over and using her hands, parted her cheeks. I knelt on the floor behind her, pointed my tongue and speared into her. My tongue could not reach deeply into her fundament, but I swirled my tongue around, showing her I was unafraid of what I might find there. She moaned, spreading her bottom wider, to create more access for my mouth and lips. I gave her another ten seconds, the smacked her bottom with my hand and stood up. Then I kissed her, pushing my tongue into her mouth and fencing with hers, holding her close. I leaned back with her head in my hands.

"To the best of my knowledge, your Master is only going to sell your three holes tonight, and not you for the entire night. He wants you himself. Just clean up as you normally would for anyone who buys your cunt or ass. When your Master takes you tonight, you can suck his cock after he fucks your ass. He missed you a great deal."

"I missed him too."

"My Master pleased you?"

"He pleased me a lot. He's very fun to fuck and I enjoyed his imagination. Marcia, your Master and I talked a great deal about being pleasing to slaves and Masters. I think you'll be happy with what he has planned."

"I'm always pleased with what he has planned."

"Even more happy. I was excited just thinking about it."

I kissed her. "The game may have already started. We need to get out there and do our part."

She nodded.

As I expected, the game had begun. Regina was under the table at the moment, sucking Ed's cock.

"I don't know what the hell you did with her while you had her, but Regina's a much better cock sucker now," Ed said.

"A much better cunt licker, too," Lisa said, dealing the cards.

She didn't drain Ed before his two minutes were up, but she left him with a substantial erection. Evelyn and I started serving food and drinks along with Sandy and Reneé. Lisa was playing and Rhonda was watching Lucas, who was awake and hungry. From what I could see, Bill was already ahead and without the competition provided my Regina, might not be overtaken, unless he wanted to give it away. Lisa, Dan and Rob were all down. Master, Jerry and Chen looked to be roughly even, Ed might be slightly up with the pot he just won.

Lisa won the game after Ed and when Regina had to lick her, both Ed and Rob stopped the game to watch Regina pleasure Lisa. Lisa climaxed, being a slave slut like me, and both men admired and laughed about the girl cum on Regina's face. They asked Bill if she could leave it on her face and he ordered her to leave it on.

We had apparently missed the first twenty minutes of the game, as ten minutes after we arrived, Regina was released and Evelyn sent under the table to serve. While Evelyn served, Bill had Regina masturbate beside the table the whole time. If someone called her closer, she had to move nearer to them and give them a private show. I thought Regina would be more upset in doing so, frigging herself in front of everyone she knew. If she was upset, she didn't show it, calmly stroking her pussy in front of anyone who asked. She climaxed ten times in thirty minutes. Evelyn ended up sucking my Master, her Master; who climaxed in her mouth, Ed; also climaxing, Chen, Dan, Rob, and finally Chen again, who also climaxed.

I was prepared to go under the table next, but Reneé was sent instead. We'd missed the game where Jerry allowed Reneé be auctioned off, but her wedding was in two weeks, and I didn't expect Jerry to auction her again until at least a month after their wedding, if he ever did. Reneé as slave was one thing. Reneé as wife might be another. Who knew how it might go. Dan, Master and Bill were all demonstrating their confidence in the relationship between them and their slaves. Reneé ended up sucking her Master, Chen, Bill, Rob, who climaxed, Bill again, Ed, my Master, hers again, then Bill once more. When she left Bill, he looked like he was ready to cum again and given how often he was winning, I expected the next one to do it.

Prepared to serve when Reneé was done, I was not the next slave sent. It was Sandy going. It was disappointing. I always enjoyed serving the hard cocks, feeling them pulse as they spattered their thick cum in my mouth or licking a quivering cunt. Sandy sucked her son, who'd been left rampant by Reneé, so he climaxed. It seemed amazing now how little anyone cared. What might have once shocked everyone, barely received notice. She was only a slave carrying out her responsibility to be pleasing to a Master. She also got to do her husband, licked Lisa - who climaxed again - sucked Bill, who also climaxed, Jerry, Ed, and Rob. Her time was up and it was nine and time for a break.

Everyone who needed to used a bathroom. When Master returned, he kissed me, saying how much he missed me while he was gone.

"Who is being sold tonight?" I asked, having missed the beginning of the game.

"Only Regina for the night, and Evelyn's three holes," he said, stroking my breast and tweaking a nipple. I purred, feeling myself liquify. "I realized some things while I was gone. We've never really done what we first discussed when Lisa joined us, and I'd like to make sure we start doing it now."

"What thing is that?"

"Taking time with each of you, a date night, where only two people are paying attention to one another and not always as a group. We'll discuss it more later, in bed., when I'm fucking each of you." He kissed me again.

"Good, I need to cum. I haven't cum since my cum break at lunch. I cleansed my ass too. I know Lisa has to give you her cunt, but I can give you my ass."

He smacked my bottom. "I can't wait." Nor could I.

People were coming back to the table. It was my turn to serve. I glanced at the men's cocks. The break had tamed most of the erections. Only Jerry and perhaps, Rob had anything close to an erection. I might not get any cum unless someone won two or more times. The idea I was disappointed I wouldn't get to swallow cum during my turn was so foreign to me. A little more than a year ago, I detested swallowing cum. How much had changed. Not only swallowing Master's cum, but any cum, plus women too. I'd been a sexual neophyte when I began this journey. How many different people I'd now pleasured in one form or another. I was the slave slut I'd dreamed about, yet more deeply in love with my husband than I'd ever been, for allowing me to find my true nature and sharing me with others.

The game started again around quarter after nine. When they started, it was decided I would be followed by Regina, Evelyn and Reneé, at which time the auction would be held, making an 11:15 auction. My time under the table was relatively even. I sucked or licked everyone but Chen, but only my slave sister climaxed for me, no matter how eagerly I attempted to extract the men's treat. Dan, Bill, and Master caressed my hair, knowing how hard I was working for it.

Regina, whether she wanted to or not, reaped the benefits of my efforts. Master, Jerry, Ed and Rob all climaxed during her turn. During her turn, Evelyn got to swallow the cum of Lisa, Bill and Chen. Reneé was down to dregs during her final turn, Dan finally cumming, and Lisa again, my sister slut. She never needed more than one effort to make her cum. The end of the game found Ed and Bill with the most money, followed by Jerry and Master. Ed didn't normally do so well and I wondered if Bill hadn't steered a few games his way so he could purchase Regina for the night. Fucking a slave slut would not be the same as fucking Regina before she became a slave.

Everyone apparently enjoyed my skills as auctioneer, so I was chosen to sell the two slaves. We started with Regina, as her fucking could take place all night and she could wait by her new Master while Evelyn's holes were sold. William suspended her from one of the suspension hooks in our living room with a spreader bar on and invited everyone up to inspect the new slave for ten minutes. Regina orgasmed twice during her inspection. Even the other slaves tested her slave heat, fondling her wetness, making her squirm in delight.

"Regina, what charity do you want your winning bid to go to?" I asked.

"The March of Dimes," she replied.

I wrote the name on her paper sack and began the auction. "Lisa and gentlemen, up for auction tonight is a new slave, just enslaved a week ago tomorrow morning. But she is not an inexperienced slave anymore, people. In that short week, she's gained a vast amount of experience. She has sucked a covey of cocks, licked a plethora of pussy and pleasured people with all three of her holes. Last Saturday, her Master purchased all of Trelio's for the evening. Regina's cunt was used to tip six employees at Trelio's bent over a table for their splendid service to our dinner party, one right after the other, in public, in a train."

Rob said, "You fucking slut." Regina went flame red. Ed and Rob were smiling though, so I don't think they were particularly upset by her use, more interested by it.

"She sucked and licked every person dining at our table at Luigi's on Sunday, with the whole restaurant able to look on, including our waitress." Their grins grew wider and Regina got redder.

"Regina experienced her first triple penetration, and loved it." I stuck my finger up her cunt and she gasped, climaxing over my finger. "She's aroused just thinking about all her adventures. One of the people who fucked her was Marcus, a delivery driver from the Thai restaurant she'd never met before. She begged him to fuck her a second time."

Ed and Rob both snickered. Evelyn was panting, still blushing.

"We went to a sex toy shop and purchased an anal foxtail to wear. It was placed in her ass in front of five store customers and then had to give a blow job to the clerk. Leaving there, Regina had to seduce a sales clerk in the ladies department wearing her foxtail in her ass. She actually paid $2000 to the sales clerk to lick her cunt until she orgasmed she was so desperate to cum."

Everyone was chuckling now, even those who knew most of what happened were enjoying the retelling of her exploits.

"Her ass has been cleansed so she can suck the shaft of whoever fucks her ass tonight. What am I bid for this talented slave?"

"Two hundred," Chen said.

"Two twenty," Jerry said.

"Four hundred, eighty dollars," Ed said. "Every penny I won tonight."

Bill had enough to beat his bid, but he declined to bid it.

"Going once, going twice, sold to Ed Strong for four hundred and eighty dollars."

"You do know you're to pleasure everyone in the house as a slave until 10 AM tomorrow, don't you slave?" Bill reminded her.

"Yes, Master."

"If she fails to be sufficiently pleasing to you, Ed, feel free to spank her ass. Slaves should always be pleasing and obedient. Bring her back here at ten tomorrow and I'll remove her collar and pay her."

"Pay me Master?" Regina asked, Bill removing her spreader bar, though she didn't close her legs yet, the slut.

"I told you if you did as I asked for a week, I'd give you $20,000 dollars, Regina. I keep my promises, but I want to know you fulfilled your obligation through ten tomorrow morning." He released her from the suspension hook.

"Yes, Master."

Regina went and knelt beside Ed and Evelyn joined me to be sold. Bill fastened Evelyn up, adding the spreader bar to her presentation. Evelyn had fluids leaking down her legs. Everyone was given the same ten minutes to inspect her. Evelyn got two orgasms out of the deal as well. Everyone seemed to be getting climaxes but me.

"Will your purchase price go to Cystic Fibrosis again this week, slave?"

"Yes, Julia."

I kissed her. "You look lovely. I'm sure every one of your holes will sell high tonight, slave."

"Thank you."

"Next up for bid is the lovely Evelyn who will see all three of her slave holes sold tonight to the highest bidders. Evelyn might have come to slavery reluctantly to start, but she is a full slave now with all of a slaves needs and desires. My Master just spent the last five days with this slave and found her to be a fascinating and obedient slave. First up for bid is this slaves exquisite cunt. As you can readily see," I slipped a finger into her cunt, making her gasp, "this slave is wet and ready for the right person to plug her prime pussy, with more than enough liquid to get someone ready for her fine ass." I smacked it, making her jump. "What is the first bid for this tantalizing twat?"

The bidding was fierce between Rob, Jerry, and Chen, Jerry finally winning it based upon having the most chips, nor did he need to spend every one. Neither Bill nor Master bid. I supposed it was because Bill was taking her home tonight and Master had enjoyed her for the week. Good, more for me later.

I turned Evelyn around so her ass faced the audience. "Next up for auction is the delectable derrière. I don't need to tell you how nice it is; you can see for yourself." I went in front of her, kissing her cunt and spreading her cheeks for the bidders. "Look how tight this pucker is. She'll squeeze a cock until you can't help but shoot your cum up her ass. Her ass has been cleansed tonight, so she will be cleaning your cock with her mouth for you after you orgasm like any good slave should. What am I bid for her fantastic fanny?"

Chen, Dan, and Rob all bid to fuck her ass. Chen, with the most money, eventually won it. Janet was happy for him. She was a good slave, not at all unhappy to see her Master fucking another woman. Sex might be more difficult for her now at this stage of her pregnancy, but her Master wouldn't lack for a slave hole to use.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
I turned Evelyn around again. "Last, but not least, this slave's mouth is going up for bid. I've seen Evelyn deep throat Jerry's cock and anyone who's done so knows that's no easy task. He's almost as thick as the twins and longer to boot. Nor is it only men she's capable of satisfying with her mouth. I've felt her tongue in my womanly folds and she's been well trained to lick cunt. Whoever buys this mouth will be purchasing oral heaven. What am I bid for the slaves mouth?"

Lisa, and Dan both bid, but Rob did not.

"Rob, aren't you going to bid on the slave's mouth?" I asked.

"I wouldn't have minded getting her cunt or ass, but Evelyn just sucked me off and I feel like I should save myself for Ed's slave. I doubt he's going to keep her all to himself."

"How do you know?" Ed asked.

"Because she'd wear you out if you tried to fuck her all to yourself. She was a good fucker before she became a slave. She's at least twice as good now. She might wear both of us out."

Regina blushed. She hadn't been a slave long enough not to.

Ed laughed. "You're probably right."

"Master's?" I questioned Bill and mine. They both had the most money left.

"I'll be enjoying the slaves mouth, cunt and ass shortly," Bill said.

"I've enjoyed Evelyn all week," Master said. "It's someone else's turn to enjoy her."

"Then it's between Dan and Lisa. Who has the most money?"

"I have a hundred, ten," Lisa said.

"I have a hundred, twenty," Dan said. "You've already cum five or six times tonight playing. I orgasmed once, so I bid it all."

"We have a winner," I said, "Dan has purchased the slave's mouth. Evelyn, since three different people have purchased your holes, would you like all three to fuck you at once, or one at a time?"

Evelyn looked to her Master for guidance. "It's the slave's choice," Bill said, "not mine, though I will say, if all three fuck you at once, I'll get you back sooner."

She smiled at him and said, "What are the rules for my use?"

"Each of the men can fuck you for fifteen minutes or until they orgasm, whichever takes longer."

"All three at once, please."

Bill said, "Here's all my chips. Divide them equally between the two charities."

Master followed suit, then Lisa did as well.

"Jerry," I asked, "would you allow Chen to wet himself in the slave's cunt, or do you wish for me to obtain some lube?"

"He can wet himself in her cunt. I won't cum in under fifteen minutes anyway. Can we use your bed? It's much nicer than the floor?"

"Of course," Master said.

Everyone but Rhonda adjourned to our bedroom to see a slave well fucked. She took Lucas to put him to bed. The three male participants all undressed. The slave was naked already.

"Start the timer, Master," I said. "Wet your wang, Chen. It's time to fuck."

Chen laughed at this use of his name. Evelyn was dripping wet and in three thrusts, Chen was well lubricated. Jerry got on the bottom and Evelyn slid over his mast, moaning. They spread their legs enough for Chen to go between them. He eased himself into her bottom. This was a familiar scene to me. Jerry and Chen had both done a double penetration of Evelyn before. The only difference was going to be the third prick penetrating her. Before it had been her husband, this time it would be Master's father.

When the others were ready, Dan presented his cock to Evelyn's lips and she sucked him to the back of her throat. It didn't take long for the slave to cum and cum often. All three men were bonafide Dominants, used to pleasuring slaves. All the men had cum at least once tonight, and the one who hadn't cum more often was older and would last longer anyway. While Ed watched the tableau on the bed, he had Regina sucking his cock. When the fifteen minutes expired, no one but the slave had cum yet, though Chen looked as if he was getting close. He went as long as he could, but he soon froze in Evelyn's ass and groaned, pumping her full of his cum. Once he pulled out, Jerry had more room to maneuver and started thrusting harder into Evelyn's cunt. His black cock was half white from the amount of pearly liquid Evelyn had secreted over it.

Dan orgasmed next, shooting his load down Evelyn's throat. She probably couldn't taste most of his cum, he was so deep in her throat. I think Ed climaxed in Regina's mouth at the same time. I heard his deep groans, though I didn't look. Evelyn gulped Dan's cream down, leaving only Jerry plunging in and out of her bald cunt. She was still cumming often, stretched around him. Suddenly, Jerry moaned and we could see his cock twitching, pumping his cum into Evelyn.

Jerry started to shrink quickly, having cum several times tonight. As soon as Evelyn felt him starting to slip from her pussy, she turned and starting cleaning his cock. Master told me to clean the cum off Evelyn's ass and cunt. I lapped at the milky fluids coming from both orifices, drilling my tongue in her bottom for the second time. As soon as Jerry was clean, Evelyn called Chen over and sucked his cock clean, ensuring her Master wasn't a liar.

"I have a request," Ed said. "I hope it's okay with everyone."

"What is it?" Master asked.

"I've wanted to watch Regina lick cunt for a long time. Those little two minute bits done under the table didn't really satisfy my craving. I want her to spend fifteen minutes making a slave girl cum. I want to see how many times a slave can cum under her tongue."

"Which slave?" Master asked. "We've several of them here."

"Julia," Ed said, "should be rewarded for the fine job she does auctioning the slaves after the game. If I had the money, I'd be buying every hole she sells. When we're exhausted tonight, I'm going to have Regina tell us about all her adventures, Julia merely hinted at. I'm sure listening to her admit all the things she's done as a slave will add some powder to my pecker so I can fuck her again."

Regina blushed once more. I wondered if the power dynamic in her home would be changing after being forced to tell all about her week as a slave.

"Climb on the bed, Julia," Master said. "I think Edward has an excellent suggestion. You are a terrific auctioneer."

Finally. I was on the bed before you could say 'Fuck it', my legs spread wide, my cunt dripping wet from the game, the auction and watching Evelyn take it in all three holes. Ed smacked Regina's ass.

"Get to it, slave. I'm your master for the night. If she doesn't cum six times in fifteen minutes; I might have to punish you."

She didn't get punished. I orgasmed seven times, moaning like the slut I was each time. Regina's face was smeared with my cum.

"That is so fucking hot," Ed said when she was done. "I love two women fucking each other. Come on slave. You're riding back to the house just the way you are, bare ass naked."

"Yes, Master."

"I could get used to the sound of that."

Everyone left, except Bill and Evelyn. They took Rhonda's room. Rhonda was spending the night with us. Robert still had the other bedroom.

******

SCOTT

I had so missed my slaves, having to wait until the end of the poker game was pure torture. When I finally had them alone, I didn't know who to fuck first. I wanted them all. So I did. I lined them all up on the side of the bed, standing, bent over, with their feet apart and juicy cunts winking at me. I took the first one on the left, who happened to be Lisa and stabbed her cunt with my stiff prick until she climaxed, moved down to Julia and did the same to her, topping it off with Rhonda, our ebon goddess. I'd cum often enough tonight I still wasn't ready to release, so I moved down to the other end and started all over again.

When I reached Julia the second time, pumping hard, through her moans she said, "Make sure you deposit your cum in Lisa. I don't care if you're in the middle of fucking me and I'm about to cum, let Lisa have your sperm. She's had no one to fuck her cunt while you were gone. She needs it."

Julia was such a wonderful slave, so devoted to me and her sister slaves. If she loved you, there wasn't anything she wouldn't sacrifice for you. All of them were. Half the time, I didn't feel I deserved them. The other half, I felt lucky they thought I deserved them. I felt her tighten around me in another orgasm. I was fortunate they all climaxed so easily. If they were anyone else, I might not be able to provide pleasure to all three of them so easily. I'd be dead if I'd cum as quickly as they did, for I'd have to get erection after erection instead of one lasting through two or three for each of them.

I was fucking Rhonda for the second time when I felt the urge growing to explode. I tried to hold out until she orgasmed again, but it didn't appear I would make it. I ended up crab walking back to Julia holding the base of my cock. As soon as I got inside her, I let loose and pumped my load into her. Julia was waiting to clean my cock as soon as I pulled out, tasting the three women and myself on it.

"Cutting it awfully close, Master," Julia said, when I was clean. "We're lucky you didn't spray cum all over the room."

"I'm sorry I couldn't give you a second orgasm, Rhonda. I tried."

We were all getting in the bed now, our immediate needs taken care of.

"I'll make sure she gets another one, Master," Julia said. "I don't let my slave suffer too much."

"While we're waiting for me to recover, there's something I'd like to speak to all of you about."

"We're listening," Lisa said.

"I was able to fuck both Evelyn and Marcia this week, and we had a wonderful time, some absolutely great sex and it made me realize something."

"That you like fucking them more than you do us?" Julia said, pouting, looking hurt.

"Never, mi amor. I could never enjoy fucking anyone as much as I love fucking you three. I missed you so much, I wanted to cancel the poker game and fuck all of you. If we weren't hosting, I would have skipped it. What I realized is part of the reason the sex was so enjoyable is we were all working hard to make it exciting. They were new lovers, so there's obviously the exploration involved when you're with someone new, but because we were new lovers, we spent time trying to come up with something special. Like putting out our best china and silverware for special guests for dinner. It's what I was doing, putting out my best china. So we did little things to make it unique and special, instead of just fucking.

"One night, I tied Marcia to the bed, and left the room telling her I was getting someone else to help fuck her and I was leaving the door open. She was blindfolded and couldn't see, couldn't tell how much time is passing. I come back in the room and she doesn't know for sure who it is. Is it me, messing with her, some stranger who passed by the open door, or someone I returned with who was now going to fuck her against her will. She's perhaps 99% certain it's me, but can't be positive. Her panties are stuffed in her mouth, she can't even scream for help. I fuck her like that, blinded, tied, mute, and she had some great orgasms as a result. In a way, it's the same sort of thing I did to Julia and Lisa when they both started their slavery. The unusual and unexpected. Making you seduce a sales clerk, or tip the delivery guy or walk the Pacific Crest Trail naked. I was doing everything in my power to make your initial experience amazing.

"But essentially, all the sex we've had since then has been group sex, all of us together, and don't get me wrong, it's great sex, but it's our expected sex. Except for letting you fuck other men, I haven't done much that was unusual or unexpected lately and I realize, that's a mistake. I haven't put as much attention into sex with you as I did Marcia and Evelyn. If I did, the sex with you would be as wonderful as it was with them. They realized the same thing. That sex with their Master's might have become a little humdrum, not because they don't love them, but because they aren't putting as much effort in as they could either. It's essentially a marital rut, just with more people."

"You're still capable of surprising me, Master. The inquisitive gentleman in the grocery store you let me fuck," Julia said. "It was certainly unexpected."

"Yes, but it was also someone else, not me. I didn't even create it except in so far as you're wearing my jewelry, which makes a sound he heard. It should be me giving you that extra kick. Not that I ever want to stop you from doing those types of things in the future, but I want to do them as well. Remember when this first started, we talked about taking time to keep the romance kindled by going on dates with one another, before Rhonda joined us. I was going to go out with Julia one week, Lisa the next, then you both would go out on a date and finally we'd do one all together. Things happened, some good, some bad, and we never did it. We should now, but more than just a date, we should plan some really special sex for that person when we go out with them. Just two people, concentrating all their attention on each other for a night. Instead of me lining you all up and trying to fuck all three. Not that it wasn't worth it, but it shouldn't always be that way.

"Sometimes, it should be just me, wooing Lisa, and wooing Julia and wooing Rhonda. Give that person one special night. And you all need to go out with each other too. Not just me. Let that one other person know how special they are to you, not as part of a group, but them individually. Marcia said it was the same with her, Chantelle and Sam. They all had sex together, never did anything with just two people, no dates, no romance. Evelyn said much the same. She does as Bill asks, but never plans something for him; something special she did for him, and not something he had planned for her.

"The three of us talked and thought we could all work on breaking out of our rut so having sex with someone else is never the only way you get the little thrill of the unknown. Now obviously with four people, we're talking about six possible combinations of two that need to be dealt with, plus one of all four of us, getting a baby sitter, and possibly one of just you three, which would be eight. That would be two per week if we tried to do it every month, or two months if we did one per week. Obviously, my dates with you would have to occur on the weeks I'm home. Yours together would occur on the weeks I'm not. I was thinking of Saturday nights if we do one per week, and a Saturday and a weekday if we do it twice a week. What do you think?"

"I don't think the problem is as bad as you might think, Master, though I can see your point. You actually do a fairly good job of keeping us on our toes," Lisa said. "You are right about us taking the time to maintain romance. Unless other people are involved, we're usually all together. As I'm not Rhonda's Mistress, I've never really spent much time alone with her, except for sex. I don't really know her the way I know you or Julia. It's usually been with someone else with us, either Julia, or even multiple persons, such as yourself, or another female."

"The only time I've ever been alone with Master is the one time at Brianna's," Rhonda said. "As primarily Domina's slave, it never seemed important to be with Master only, but since we are tied so closely together, perhaps I should consider it important."

"I would never be opposed to maintaining romance amongst ourselves, sir," Julia said. "Our lives together are very important to me and I never want anything to mess that up. If doing something like date nights strengthens our relationships, I'm for it one hundred percent."

"In actuality, there's a double benefit," I said. "While two people are out on a date, the other two people can spend time together. It doesn't have to be as elaborate or planned as I'd like date night to be, but we'd actually have twice a month we'd be spending time with only one other person."

"Tomorrow is Saturday," Lisa said. "Are we going to start it tomorrow night? And who should go out?"

"I think we should start tomorrow," I said, "and I think we should do two of the people who haven't yet had much opportunity to establish a connection, Rhonda, with either Lisa or I."

"I agree," Julia said, "and if I have a vote, I'd like it to be Lisa and Rhonda, partly for selfish reasons. I'd like Master to myself for a change."

"That's not a problem for me," Lisa said. "Are you good for going on a date with me, Rhonda?"

"I'd like that," Rhonda replied. "I'd like it a lot." She leaned over and gave Lisa a kiss.

"When you come home," I said, "continue spending the night together. Try to plan something special when you get home. Seduce one another. If you need to, reserve time at the pool or hot tub so you aren't disturbed."

"I'm getting excited by the idea of doing this, sir," Julia said. "Do you know when Evelyn and Bill are going back to LA?"

"He hasn't said, though I assumed tomorrow. What were your plans for tomorrow?"

"We need to start shooting the photos and videos we need to use on our website," Lisa said. "Those who are participating are coming over at one PM. The website is done except for media and final approval by Bill as we've decided we want to take him up on his offer. We should be done by five for my date night."

"Who's participating?" I asked.

"All the workers except perhaps Melanie and Janet. Chen feels Janet's pregnancy makes it too obvious who she might be," Julia said. "Melanie still wasn't sure. Even Shasta is going to do it since we'll be wearing masks. Rhonda can't do it because of her job. Regina won't be a slave as of tomorrow morning. I assumed Bill wouldn't want Evelyn to participate, so we didn't speak to him about it."

"You should. If he's part owner now and Evelyn would be wearing a mask; he might. He's used her in business before."

"How about fucking us some more?" Julia said. "I did cleanse my ass for you tonight. I don't want it to go to waste."

"If you need another erection, you're going to have to work for it."

"No problem, sir," Julia said. "Sluts, make our Master hard again."

Lisa began sucking my cock. Rhonda rode my face. Julia began licking and sucking my balls and licking my taint. In five minutes, they had what they wanted, a rigid rod to play with. Rhonda stayed where she was, Julia slowly eased her bottom over my shaft and Lisa took over on my sack.

"Fuck, sir. I'm so happy you're back," Julia panted, riding me. "We've missed you so much. Lisa, do you want his cum?"

Lisa stopped licking my balls long enough to say. "I doubt he has much cum left in him tonight. Just go ahead and ride him all the way."

That's what Julia did; ride me until I gasped, arching up into her, giving her my all, which wasn't much. When she cleaned me after, there wasn't much to clean up. My face was worse, Rhonda had orgasmed early and often, and they kissed and licked much of her cum off my face, before wiping me with a washcloth.

I had nothing left, and we soon went to sleep.

******

The next thing I knew, it was 9:00, and someone was ringing the doorbell. Rhonda got up to see who it was.

"It's the Strong's and Regina, Master," Rhonda said. "I let them in because Regina was naked, though they were at the side door instead of the front."

"They were supposed to come at ten," Master said.

"Ed said they knew, but they wanted to see Regina lick more cunt while she was still a slave, and they didn't have any cunt at their house."

"I know three slaves who'd be happy lending their cunts for the occasion," Master said. "Tell them we'll be right out."

"Yes, sir."

"It would be a great way to start the day, wouldn't it, sir," Julia said.

"Go have a seat on the couch and we'll get Regina started," I said.

Everyone went into the living room and I had my three slaves sit beside one another on the couch. Ed ordered Regina to start licking. Regina, on her hands and knees, started on Lisa, sitting on the right side.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"Hey, Scott. Her two back holes are empty. Why don't you fill one of them up?"

"You could, sir," I said.

"Rob and I fucked her three ways to Sunday last night. I doubt any of us had more than two hours sleep. To be honest, I don't think I've got another drop of cum left in me and my cock feels chafed."

I looked at Regina. Her pussy did look on the red and puffy side and her anus looked angry. I smiled and got behind her. She spread her legs willingly when I asked. I rubbed my cock up and down in her slit, finding it to be wet, so I pushed inside her, drawing a moan which seemed as much pain as pleasure. If Ed's cock was chafed, her pussy might be as well, so I went slow. Still, she climaxed within a couple minutes.

Regina gave Lisa three orgasms before she stopped, asking if we could move down to Rhonda. I moved with her, pulling out when I did, and as soon as she started licking, I slid back into her cunt. Bill, Evelyn and Robert came down the stairs while I was fucking her. Ed explained why they were there early. Bill laughed and told Evelyn to join my slaves on the couch. Regina moved down to Julia before I climaxed, pulsing deep in Regina's pussy.

"Bill, she's still open for business if you want to take a shot," Ed said.

"Robert, why don't you take advantage since you haven't had sex for a day."

"Thanks, Mr. Thornhill."

He got behind Regina and pushed into her squidgy cunt, but only long enough to get wet enough to penetrate her ass again. Her groan sounded more pained this time. Robert hadn't had sex in a while, and he was thrusting fairly hard. Not as hard as Regina fucked Shasta's ass, but hard. Given how much Ed indicated she'd been used last night, I wasn't surprised it might be a bit painful. She was grunting with every thrust. Regina had moved down to Evelyn before Robert froze, pumping his cum up Regina's rectum. His orgasm over, Robert started pumping again for several minutes and when Regina needed to move back down to Lisa, he was still hard. He pulled out until she'd moved, then reentered her cunt, driving harder and faster.

Regina had cum fairly often herself during her fucking. She was climaxing again when Robert emptied himself a second time, this time, in her pussy. Two loads of cum dripped out of her cunt and one out of her ass. Bill declined fucking her when Ed asked again. He said his slave had drained him well last night and this morning and he was still recovering. All the slaves were occupied and I certainly wasn't going to clean her off. She did each of the four women again, stopping a few minutes before ten.

"Was this slave sufficiently pleasing to you both?" William asked the Strongs.

"Hell, yes!" Rob exclaimed. "I've never enjoyed fucking her more. She was a total slut. Sucking my cock clean after I fucked her ass. She was great."

"I too was satisfied with her performance," Ed answered. "She was as fine a slave as I've ever enjoyed."

"Come here, Regina, and display."

Regina crawled to her Master, then stood, her body open to him. He removed her wrist and ankle cuffs. Having her kneel, he removed her collar, saying, "You are released from your slavery." He handed her a check for $20,000.

She hugged his knees for a moment, saying, "Thank you, sir, but I don't need this money."

"A deal is a deal, Regina and you earned every penny. Evelyn, please take this former slave up to the shower and help her clean herself off," Bill said.

"Yes, Master." Evelyn took Regina to the upstairs bathroom to wash up. She did look a bit worse for wear.

"Gentlemen," he said to the Strongs, "I hope you brought clothes for Regina. She can't go back home naked."

"More's the pity," Ed said. "I liked having her naked and available all the time. We did bring some clothes, they're in the truck."

"Could you bring them in, please?"

Rob went out to the truck and got a grocery bag with some clothes in it. "Everything's in here," he said, setting it on the floor.

"Have you had breakfast?" I asked.

"Who had time for breakfast," Ed said. "We didn't even have time for sleep."

"Slaves, please prepare food for all of our guests."

"Yes, Master," they replied and went into the kitchen to whip something up. Given the number of people we had, they decided to go for pancakes, bacon and sausage.

Working together, they were successful in whipping together a nice breakfast. After the bacon and sausage were fried and drained, Lisa and Julia started frying pancakes while Rhonda set the dining room table.

Evelyn returned with Regina. Evelyn had apparently loaned Regina some of her make-up as she looked much better when she came down the stairs, than how she'd gone up.

"Regina, your clothes are in the Kroger's grocery bag on the floor," I said.

She looked at everyone else, all of whom were naked except for her two paramours.

"I can wait until I leave."

"We're having brunch. Would you care to join us?" Julia asked.

"Thank you, Domina."

"I'm not your Domina anymore. You may call me Julia, or even slave, if you like."

"Thank you, Julia. I'm starving."

We were soon sitting down for brunch. Regina helped pour coffee or juice for everyone, still not quite out of slave mode, but no one made any comment. The meal was filling and tasty and everyone ate quite a bit, the previous evening activities quite draining. Julia and Lisa both getting up to make a second round of pancakes for everyone.

"Scott," Regina asked, the meal over. "Would you mind if I stay for awhile and use your hot tub. I'm still a little sore and stiff in places a lady shouldn't mention."

"That's not a problem," I said.

"We need to get going," Ed said. "Rob and I have a softball game this afternoon. It's a bit of a drive. Would someone see Regina makes it home safe?"

"I'll ensure she's returned safely home," Bill said. "Robert can drive her."

"Thank you, sir," Regina said.

Ed and Rob kissed her before they left.

"Well, I suppose Evelyn and I should get out of your hair. It's been a very interesting and enjoyable week. What are your plans for the rest of the day?"

"All or most of our workers are coming this afternoon. We're going to start taking photos and videos for our new website," Julia said. "We've decided to take you up on your offer. We're ready to sign the business agreement you proposed. Sean is going to be showing us the web pages he's designed, with placeholder photos. You may want to look it over and make any suggestions regarding changes made based upon our new agreement.

"I would like to suggest you spend one more night, Master Bill. You might enjoy the show today. All of the women will be naked, or scantily clad for the shoot, though we will be masked and have identifying gear, jewelry or tattoos removed or photoshopped out in order to conceal our identities. We feel the products will sell better with naked slaves demonstrating the various features and functionality of the furniture. The jewelry we show will be plain things from Brianna's Baubles and the toys we demonstrate on the slaves are provided by Mistress Dark with links to both their websites. We even thought you might let your own slave participate if her identity could be hidden to your satisfaction. You would, of course, have final approval of any photos or videos showing your slave."

Evelyn looked at her Master pleadingly. "It does sound like a lot of fun, Master. I'd like to do it if I may, sir."

"If I have final approval, I have no objection to you participating, Evelyn."

She rained kisses on him. "Thank you, Master."

"Very well. It appears we'll be staying another day. Thank you once more for your hospitality."

******

JULIA

Regina went out to the hot tub shortly after and the rest of us started to prepare for the shoot. The models had been told to come with the least amount of clothes they'd be willing to do without. Master and Shasta were going to act as the Dominants for the shoot. Leather clothing, corsets, stockings and belts were all considered typical dominant wear as depicted in the usual BDSM fare on the internet. Master had a pair of leather pants he would put on. He had a tattoo on his arm we'd have to photoshop out of his pics. He didn't want his cock exposed, but was willing to lick any cunt or use any of the toys on us.

Mistress Dark had been told of our plans and loaned us some toys she hoped to promote, including clothing she thought appropriate to Dominants and submissives. Shasta was wearing some of her items.

"The bed we'll demonstrate in the bedroom, making sure the background is blurred," I said. "We need to clear space in the living room for the other three pieces we'll be setting up. If we could have the help of the gentlemen for the heavy lifting, it would be greatly appreciated."

Master, Bill and Robert moved things around, giving us a large space in the middle of the floor. We didn't set anything up, though, wanting to do a movie of how easy it was to erect. We slaves brought up the pieces from the basement, none of them particularly hard to carry. Lucas started crying and Rhonda took care of him since she wasn't going to be participating.

Lisa and I got all the toys we'd be playing with today, the whips, the paddles, the anal plugs, gags, the Slave Trainer, nipple clamps, and strapless dildo's. We got out the camera and lights. The masks were taken out and Master removed all jewelry identifying anyone by name. It was all replaced with generic collars, cuffs and cunt badges, saying only things like 'Sex Slave' or 'Property of Master'.

Evelyn didn't have non-personalized slave jewelry with her, but we provided it for her. I thought the diamond jewelry on her nipples and clitoral hood would look spectacular lighted up in photos.

Shasta and Sean were there at noon, Shasta kissing Bill and Master when she got there. Sean brought the a thumb drive with the website info on it. He offered to show it to Bill and Bill got his personal laptop to review it. Shasta dressed in the clothing Mistress Dark provided. Shasta looked sexy as hell when she was dressed.

The others arrived at 12:30. Alice and Charlotte both said they'd go nude as long as their faces was hidden and small tattoos on their bodies were removed. Alice had a birthmark she wouldn't want visible either. Melanie actually came and said she had an outfit she'd wear which she considered quite slutty. As expected Janet didn't come due to her pregnancy. Reneé and Evelyn were going to be the only ones with bald cunts. None of the non-slaves shaved their pubic hair completely and Lisa and I were starting to grow our pubes back until they could be laser removed. Our hair was still very short, but visible. We told Sean he didn't have to remove our pubic tattoos from any photos as they weren't usually visible to anyone who didn't know we were slaves anyway.

The first piece we intended shooting for was essentially the first one Master had ever designed. It had been modified slightly over time, but was still a top seller, offering a lot for the price. It took Lisa and I ten minutes to put it together, but Sean would speed up the video so it would only take five minutes to demonstrate, on line. Lisa and I put on our masks and as naked slaves, built it, with Sean filming the entire thing. Finished, we stood naked on either side of it, with one hand out when we finished, like show room models.

What we wanted to do next was show a slave being fastened at each station, indicate a punishment which could be done at each one, then demonstrate toys which could be used as part of our agreement with Mistress Dark. As such, Master would use a paddle or whip at each one, briefly, just to demonstrate its use, then a toy or toys. Show a slave being fastened individually at each station, then a wide angle shot of all of us together, each station filled. Everyone was willing to show themselves being mildly struck with the paddle or whip after seeing how hard they'd be struck. It was more going through the motions, than any actual punishment. Never more than a couple strokes as we only wanted the perception of its use, not to punish anyone.

However, I was adamant we should demonstrate a cane and to properly do so, someone would need to be struck hard enough for it to leave welts, only two. I didn't expect anyone else to do it, and it was my company, so I told Master to strike me twice with a thin cane to mark me twice. He attempted to argue with me on the subject, but I said it was my company and he'd agreed not to interfere in our company business unless we asked for his help. I also said I'd obtained analgesic cream to be applied afterward. He smiled at me, waggling a finger, but he quit arguing. He might not interfere, but I was sure I'd pay somehow.

Once it was agreed I would do it, my sister slave also said she'd do it as it was also her company and we were in this together. I kissed her, loving her so much.

Therefore, the next video and photos were of Master, masked, fastening a slave, in this case, Lisa, on the St. Andrews cross facing both front and back, head side up, Master used a whip on her front, and a thin cane to her bottom, twice, leaving two red welts marring her skin. Before he did more, I applied some of the cream to her bare bottom, easing any residual pain which might remain. Though the next picture set up might help more. He lubed a butt plug and inserted into her striped bottom, then used a small vibrator on her cunt, giving her a delightful orgasm, the first of many the models would enjoy during our shoot. Orgasms were always the best pain relief.

I was the next, to be shown. We had to remove Lisa as Master was hanging me from the cross with suspension boots and I was to remain hanging there until the final shot, showing all the stations used. He suspended me, head down, applying the same instruments to me, a couple whip strokes to my front, then the cane to my bottom, marking me twice. Filming halted while Lisa applied the cream to my bottom. Finally, Master inserted a plug in my bottom, and used a larger sized dildo in my pussy. Ten thrusts in and out had me climaxing, which made me forget I'd been caned at all. For the balance of the filming, I remained suspended upside down, two stripes across my bottom.

Evelyn, Master fastened to the punishment bench, her legs stretched into a V, up above her torso, her hands fastened down on the bench. He fastened a ball gag in her mouth. Since Evelyn hadn't had her fifty stroke spanking yet today, Bill told Master to give her all fifty strokes. Bill told Sean to edit the movie down to five strokes, but showing her red bottom in what was kept, like my stripes were. Evelyn climaxed during her spanking. Her orgasm made it easy for the next part. He wet an anal plug in her pussy, then pushed it into her bottom, gleaming from her ass, then used a vibrator. In fifteen seconds, the slave slut climaxed like I did, her pussy juice left to run down to her stretched anus.

Master had an erection now, but he surrendered his position as Dominant to Shasta. While he was idle, Master had Lisa give him a hummer. I would have happily done it, but I was still suspended upside down from the cross with my two nether holes filled, in the background for some of Evelyn's and future shots.

Shasta was wearing a red corset which put her tits on a platter, and a red leather thong provided by Mistress Dark. As Evelyn had on a half mask with a ball gag, Shasta removed the ball gag and squatted over her mouth, pulling her thong to the side, to show how a Dominatrix could use Evelyn's position for their own pleasure. Shasta only got a couple licks in the process, but she was dripping and Evelyn had to clean her up.

Evelyn was left on the punishment bench for the time being, while Shasta suspended Reneé from the beam. Shasta applied a whip to Reneé's suspended form, front and back, two or three strokes to each side for the camera. Leg spreaders were applied to Renee's legs to fasten them apart and a couple gentle swings of the whip were applied to her cunt.

"I need to cum so bad," Reneé moaned. "Please let me cum, Mistress."

Taking pity on the poor slave, Shasta shoved a couple fingers up her cunt, ordering her to cum. The orgasm was captured on camera, Reneé jerking helplessly on her fingers, thrusting her hips agains Shasta's hand. When her tremors ceased, Shasta fed Reneé her fingers, having her lick them clean, also captured on video. I don't know how well our products would sell, but we'd have a great porn site when we were done.

Shasta changed the form of Reneé's suspension, changing it to a strappado with her hands together behind her back. When the rope was raised, Reneé was forced to bend forward to ease the strain on her shoulders. Shasta used a strapless vibrator to enter Reneé from behind, giving the lucky girl another orgasm. Shasta climaxed as well. Reneé was left there, though with with reduced tension so she could stand straighter.

Sean turned the camera over to Master when Shasta called him over. Sean was wearing his cock cage which was photographed closely. Shasta secured him in the stocks, which were raised and lowered to show him from a standing position to his hands and knees. While he was kneeling, Shasta had him suck her strapless, still slick and shiny with Reneé's cum to show how a male slave could be controlled. She then went behind Sean and pegged his ass a few strokes for the camera, after which, she spanked his bottom with a big leather paddle a couple swats.

The stocks were lowered to the floor, forcing Sean to go to the floor, turned over so he was on his back. His feet put in a separately sold leg stock to keep his legs spread out. Squatting over his face and pulling her g-string aside, Shasta made Sean lick her cunt a few times, riding his face. Removing his cock cage, she ordered him into an erection, then rode him cowgirl fashion. After half a minute, she told Master to stop shooting, but kept riding Sean until she had two orgasms, ordering him to cum when she had her second riding him.

"Damn!" Shasta said. "This had me so fucking horny, I had to take advantage. Lisa, you clean my cunt and Sean's cock, then put his cock cage on again."

Lisa scrambled to obey, obeying our work Mistress. She cleaned Shasta first as she was the Dominant, then Sean, the slave, less important.

Master then moved back and got a few pictures showing all five slaves in all five slave stations, and a quick panning video from one slave to the next.

"That was so fucking hot," Melanie said. "I'd like to be next."

"Let's take a break first," Master said. "Give everyone a chance to recover and rest a few moments. I don't want Julia hanging upside down much longer."

I was doing okay, the suspension boots not being particularly hard on my feet, ankles or legs, but it would be nice not having all the blood rushing to my head. Everyone was freed,. Evelyn rushed to her Master, showering him with kisses. Thanking him for allowing her to participate, she dropped to her knees and eagerly sucked his hard cock to orgasm.

Those who needed to, used the bathrooms or got water or other refreshments to quench their thirst. We only had six masks, so we needed to take them off for the others to use. By the time we were ready to go again, Melanie had changed into her 'slutty' outfit. It was more revealing than I thought she'd go for; a pink camisole/tap pants set, translucent, which faintly showed both her dark bush and her dark areolae and nipples.

"The next feature I'd like to capture," I said, "is the individual stock pieces which can be used with the suspension beam. I was hoping to have a Dominant standing behind the supposed slave, caressing her breasts and then her cunt. Melanie, are you willing to be caressed in such a way, and if you are willing, would you prefer a man or a woman caressing you? The man would be my Master, the woman would be Mistress Shasta. If they do caress you, your girly bits would still be covered by their hands."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"Could it be both?" She asked. "Could one of them caress my breasts from behind and one of them lick my pussy, covering it with their head. I just want to cum like Reneé did, no matter what they do. I need a cum break."

The rest of us laughed. We put a plain leather collar on her neck. Master and Shasta discussed it and it was decided Master would go for her cunt while Shasta would caress her breasts. Shasta wasn't particularly into licking cunts, whereas Master enjoyed it, especially if Melanie wanted to cum on a tongue. It would be the first time Master had ever done anything with Melanie. He'd never done anything with Charlotte either, so I was looking forward to anything he did with her.

Shasta started by fastening an individual arm and neck stock piece over Melanie's shoulders, then attaching the two end chains to the chain we'd hooked to the beam. The leg stocks previously used on Sean were put on her, keeping her legs spread. Melanie looked nice suspended from the beam, her arms and legs confined and helpless. After filming her struggling prettily to escape, Sean filmed Shasta coming from behind her and sliding her hands under the camisole and squeezing and caressing Melanie's pretty tits. After fifteen seconds or so of that, Master moved into the picture, knelt down in front of Melanie and tugged her tap pants down and began licking her cunt. Sean stopped filming after a few seconds, but Master continued until Melanie orgasmed, thrusting her hips against Master's face.

I noticed Sean started recording as Melanie got close to capture her orgasm. It was extremely gratifying to see her cumming on the tongue of Master. It hadn't taken Melanie long to cum, by which I supposed she'd been extremely aroused as she didn't usually orgasm so fast during a cum break, even with someone more skilled than Master licking her cunt.

"Don't keep her orgasm unless she allows us to use it for the website, though you may offer it to Melanie for her own amusement," I ordered Sean.

"Yes, Domina."

Alice was the next to go, and she requested she be allowed to have a cum break as well. When asked how she'd like to have one, she said she wouldn't mind if some man fucked her. Since Master had an erection again, I told him he should fuck Alice.

"I don't want my cock in a video on-line," Master said.

"Sean doesn't need to video your cock, Master," I replied. "Just release it from your pants and thrust into her with the shot taken from behind your back. By filming it from the rear, people will get the point and we won't film the whole thing anyway, just enough to get the point across. You get approval of what's posted. All the models do, or their Master's if they're slaves. You know you need to cum."

"That's true," Master said, kissing me.

Alice was placed on the punishment bench face down. The sides of the bench folded down to form a type of horse, though not exerting excess pressure on the clit or vagina as most horses were designed to do because of the hinged gap. It was still a nice way to be punished though. Master spanked Alice with The Enforcer three times, then released his cock and pushed it into Alice who was wet herself. Master didn't need to work it in her. He filled her up in one thrust. Alice climaxed twice before Master orgasmed, sending his cum deep into her pussy. Sean videoed Master's cum leaking from Alice's pussy. I wondered if Alice would allow us to keep that.

We had to pause again. I cleaned Alice and Lisa cleaned Master. As the most obvious of the bondage furniture's capabilities had been demonstrated, we broke it down, hauled it back downstairs and set up the next one, demonstrating how easy it was to put together. It took two people, working together to set it up, but it was brain dead easy to set up. Much of it slotted together. This furniture piece had three round poles, each about five inches in diameter and seven feet in height, with whipping stations on the poles. Each of the whipping stations had an adjustable piece which would go in between the slaves legs. The block could hold a single or double, plain or vibrating, dildo. You attached the slave to the whipping post, attached a dildo to the block if you wished, then adjusted the block to slide up between their legs until their asses for males, or cunts and asses both for females were penetrated. The Dominant could whip or paddle the slave, while they were being pleasured or merely pinned in place, by their dildo.

Charlotte wanted to cum as the others had, so she was given a vibrating dildo to ride. Lisa was given vibrating anal and vaginal probes. I got a pussy probe which didn't vibrate so I had to slide up and down mine to fuck myself while Shasta whipped me. All three of us were lightly whipped, though Charlotte only got three light strokes to her bottom. All three of us climaxed.

One side of the triangle formed by the three whipping stations were stocks, both standing and seated ones. Evelyn was placed in the stocks, standing and bent over at the waist. She could have gone into the stocks from the inside or outside, but today, she was on the outside.

A second side was another St. Andrew's cross, and Sean was fastened on the cross facing out. Shasta removed Sean's cock cage, lashed his legs, belly and chest a few times each for the camera. Then she landed a couple on his cock and balls. I suspected he'd received harder for punishments as these didn't phase him in the slightest, or he felt he had to appear strong in the presence of women.

The third side of the cross was a door to a cage formed on the interior of the triangle. When she pushed Sean in the cage, he had very little room to sit and none to lie down, being only three and a half feet a side. Sean was made to enter the cell and stand facing the stocks while Evelyn, stuck in the stocks, sucked his abused cock until he climaxed. After Master stopped filming, Bill fucked his slave's cunt, easing the erection he'd developed. It wasn't filmed, but Master caught his cum dripping from her pussy.

Theoretically, the piece could deal with six people at once, but as we only had six masks and Shasta needed to wear one, as the Dominatrix, we didn't use all six spaces at once. The St. Andrews cross was vacant when they shot the final shot. Since Master had let the vibrators run the entire time, Charlotte and Lisa were squirming in orgasm and I was fucking myself on my dildo, trying to cum again when the final shot was taken.

We'd initially set the price at $4500 for it. It came with one vibrating and one non-vibrating dildo, but you could buy more from Mistress Dark. By this time, it was five PM and we decided to stop where we were and start again tomorrow at one.

I told everyone their $500 dollars for their participation for half a days work would be in their next check. William told us not to bother paying Evelyn. He told us to send another $500 in her name to Cystic Fibrosis and I said we would.

"I don't know how much furniture you'll sell, but it will be one of the sexiest sites on the internet," Master said.

Bill laughed and said, "Damn straight." He kissed his slave after she was released.

When we went upstairs, Regina had started dinner with Rhonda's help. She still hadn't put on clothes. Once you got used to constant nudity, clothing seemed to be uncomfortable for most of us. It didn't apply to the non-slaves as they wore clothing except when they were working. We barely wore clothing.

They'd made a large lasagna and bowl of salad. Everyone was invited to stay, but only Alice accepted. Reneé needed to get back to her Master, Charlotte had a date later and Melanie wanted to get back to her boyfriend. I suspected he was going to get lucky tonight. Melanie still seemed to be vibrating from earlier. Shasta and Sean went home to be with her mother and son as she'd been gone for much of the day and would be again tomorrow afternoon. Before Shasta left, Regina slid a piece of paper into Shasta's hand.

Shasta looked at it. It was Bill's check for $20,000 endorsed over to Shasta.

"I can't take this," Shasta said.

"I wanted to apologize for my actions towards you," Regina said. "I was so horrid treating you the way I did. I'm sorry. Please accept it."

"I can't. You already apologized, plus we put you through a lot. I'm satisfied we're square," Shasta said.

"It's already made out to you. If you can't find a good use for it, give it to charity; the one you sold yourself for, breast cancer wasn't it, right?"

Shasta looked at Bill. "I didn't earn this and don't deserve it."

"It's Regina's money to do with as she wishes. I'm sure you can find something to do with it; perhaps a lot of somethings. Breast cancer, maybe donate to Cedric's school. You'll do what's right with it. The very fact you wish to refuse it tells me you will."

Shasta hugged Regina, then kissed her. "Okay, I'll do right with it, but your name gets mentioned too as a co-donor."

Sean and Shasta left, Shasta blowing a kiss to the rest of us.

"After sitting in the hot tub awhile," Regina said, "I came down to the basement to watch what you were doing. It was very arousing to watch. I only watched for ten or fifteen minutes, then I came up to masturbate in private. When Rhonda came with Lucas to start cooking dinner, I told her I'd make lasagna if she made a salad."

"Thank you," I said, hugging and kissing her. "You could have gone home."

"I needed someone to take me home."

"Robert would have taken you," William said. "He had nothing better to do."

"I know, but this has been my home for the last week. It felt right somehow to stay and help."

Bill hugged and kissed her as well. She sort of melted against him.

I asked Lisa. "Have you and Rhonda decided where you're going on your date tonight?"

"Rhonda is taking me to this little hole in the wall lesbian bar she used to go to before she became your slave. It's secluded and caters to women. You probably can't even find it unless someone who knows where it is takes you. Master, Rhonda said as a submissive with a collar on, I might have to lick a few cunts. I hope you don't mind."

"It's your night. You do what you want in order to have fun together. Wear your collars and cuffs. They don't have to be lit, but I want everyone to know you're both taken."

"Yes, Master. Thank you, sir."

"William, what are your plans?"

"To take Regina home and then I think my slave and I should go out dancing. We haven't been in awhile. Can you suggest a place?"

"Studio 65 has both private and group lessons with dancing after. Lots of latin type dancing, tango, salsa, rhumba and samba, but general ballroom stuff as well."

"Then that's where we'll be going."

"Actually, that sounds like fun. Would you mind if Julia and I joined you?"

"Not at all."

"Master, who will take care of Lucas? Rhonda and Lisa will be gone?" I asked.

"I'll call my parents. I'm sure they'll take care of him. We can drop him off on the way. Let him spend the night with them."

"If they're willing, sir."

Master called Dan and Sandy and they said they'd be happy for Lucas to spend the night. They'd bring him back on their way to church. He slept in a play pen at their house.

Master looked at me when he hung up the phone, a glint in his eye and his voice husky. "I think you should wear the green dress you had at the bonding ceremony. You may wear a bra with it, but not one which totally hides your charms."

"Yes, Master."

I started flooding immediately, knowing how much of myself would be exposed to strangers. Even standing still in the dress was dangerous. Twirling around a dance floor would be constantly flashing my cunt with all its jewelry to others.

Dinner was ready at six. Master fed Lisa and I fed Rhonda, giving her a several orgasms in the process since she hadn't had any yet. After supper, and clean up, Lisa and Rhonda got ready for their date. I dressed up to go dancing. I had a translucent green bra I could wear with the dress. You could see the darkness of my areolae and nipples through the material and my nipples would be hard bumps under the thin fabric. Looking at myself in the mirror, I knew I looked scandalous. Master brought a paper sack with him and I wondered what it contained.

We got the baby's things together for his stay at his grandparents and put them in the trunk of the limousine. Robert drove, Master giving him his parents address as they were closer than Regina. After dropping Lucas and his things off, Master and Bill had their slaves suck their cocks. We got to Regina's house just as both of them climaxed, filling our mouths with their spunk. Regina had watched our brazen display. I wondered how she felt on the sidelines, no longer participating.

"I wish I could go with you," Regina said. "Ed and Rob won't be back until late and I'm feeling a little out of sorts. Dancing sounds like fun."

She'd been a sex slave for a week, and now she wasn't. I was quite sure she was out of sorts.

"You can come if you wish," Bill said, inviting her.

"I'm not dressed for dancing."

"We'll wait, if you can be ready in ten minutes. Apply your make-up in the limo."

"Thank you, Bill."

Regina rushed inside and came out in a black cocktail dress, knee length. She had a make-up kit with her. On the way, she applied mascara, eye shadow, foundation and blush, adding lipstick at the end. Before we went into Studio 65, Master took two things out of the paper bag. I recognized them as a sex toy Mistress Dark gave us to promote on our website. They looked like an egg with a tail on it. He handed one to William.

"I thought our slaves should wear these while dancing tonight, Bill," Master said. "It goes inside your slaves cunt. This remote will control it from roughly fifty to sixty feet away. The main off-on switch is a button on the tail. Then this button controls the vibrations. Hold it for three seconds to turn on the vibrations. Depress the button to change to a different speed or pattern on the vibrator. I believe there are ten different modes in all. Holding the on-off button for three seconds will turn it off again. In one of the lower speeds, it's supposed to last for three hours, higher speeds for two hours. By turning them off and on at random intervals, they should last all night."

Bill laughed. "I never would have thought of this; an excellent suggestion."

Bill inserted his egg in Evelyn while Master inserted his in me.

"Am I allowed to cum, sir?" I asked, knowing I would probably have no choice in the matter anyway. My clitoral hood piercing and dancing would likely take care of that.

"You can cum, slave," Master said, "though I expect you to leave the evidence on your legs."

"Yes, Master." More for other dancers to see when my dress parted.

Evelyn also received permission to cum.

"I took the liberty of arranging for tango lessons for our two slaves, Bill; my treat. Evelyn's lesson is first, Julia's is second. The instructor is a young man named Ricardo. I understand the women love to dance with him. When I made the reservation, I was told he's quite the dancer well liked by the women. They have two private dance studios, one with windows, one without. If they give us the one without windows, you may want your slave to receive her lesson while naked. If they do, Julia will wait naked in the room with you. If you need attention, you may use her. I'll dance with Regina during Evelyn's lesson. When it's time for Julia's lesson, I'll take your place and you can dance with Regina. I'll leave Julia's remote with you. You may turn it off and on as you wish. I'll take it back along with yours when we switch."

Bill laughed. "I like your thinking, Scott. Very entertaining idea."

It was, almost as if I were on a date myself. I shivered, wondering if I'd be taking my tango lesson naked.

We went inside and a receptionist called Ricardo, telling him his next two appointments were here. He was there within a minute. Ricardo was young, under thirty, about 5-10, fairly thin, but with strong legs, and looked whipcord strong. With my heels on, I was taller than he was. He did a double take when he saw Evelyn's and mine outfits. Evelyn was wearing a white dress with triangular panels over her breasts. It had a slit on the side which went up her hip to crotch level. Master was introducing us. As I shook his hand, Master turned on the vibrator in my pussy, and I practically fell into Ricardo when it went off. I turned to glare at him, but he smiled and changed the pattern, making me flinch again.

"Mrs. Thornhill; I understand you're my first student."

"Yes, Ricardo. I understand you'll be working with me on the tango tonight. My husband and friend will be observing the lesson if it's okay. She's your next student."

"No problem," he said. "Follow me and we'll get started on some basic steps for the tango."

Master gave Bill his remote and went with Regina to the main ballroom. Bill turned off the vibrator, thankfully, though I could already feel liquid start to trickle down my leg. I was already aroused, thinking I might be dancing nude. Even with the dress I had on, I would be practically naked in Ricardo's arms. He brought us to a door, opened it for us to precede him. We went in and I saw it was a room without windows. I closed my eyes and shivered.

"It's probably for the best," Bill whispered to Evelyn and I. "Otherwise your dresses might be ruined when you drip cum all over them."

Bill wasn't wrong. As soon as the door was closed, Bill pulled Ricardo aside and spoke to him for three or four minutes. Ricardo got a surprised look on his face and he looked at both of the us and smiled. He nodded in response to what Bill told him and locked the door as Bill turned to us and told us to strip. Bill took our clothes and carefully laid them over a chair. Ricardo took note of our vaginal slave jewelry dangling between our legs. His face lit up like a Christmas tree. I was so fucking hot and blushing like a school girl as his eyes moved over us. I'd nearly forgotten I knew how to blush. He took Evelyn's hand, moved over to a portable stereo and turned on some tango music.

Bill pulled out a metal folding chair and told me to have a seat as Ricardo and Evelyn started their lesson. William stood behind me playing with and caressing my breasts as we watched them dance. I could tell Ricardo had an erection within five minutes of the start of the instruction. Evelyn's cunt glistened with her fluids, as mine probably was. As we watched them dance, Bill would occasionally turn our vibrators off and on. Between watching them dance, Bill's hands caressing me and the vibrator, I was wound up tighter than a drum.

Bill kept a close eye on me and often turned it off before I could cum and I'd be crossing and uncrossing my legs attempting to reach completion, though I only orgasmed once about midway through Evelyn's lesson, moaning loud enough for Ricardo to look at me. William was doing the same to Evelyn, though he had less control of her orgasms. I suspected she climaxed at least four or five times from the way she'd sometimes misstepped, or faltered. It might have been more, considering she had a clitoral hood piercing as well. Movement made it worse and she was moving like crazy on the dance floor.

The tango, whether it was how it was normally danced, or Ricardo's version of it due to the circumstances of our nudity, consisted of a lot of very close dancing, with Evelyn's body very close to or touching Ricardo. His hands were sometimes on her back, or just above her buttocks, or sliding down an arm. Her nipples were stiff pegs and frequently brushing against his shirt, a silky fabric. A few times, she'd lift her leg and Ricardo would have his hand on her thigh holding it up, inches away from her sex. I'm sure he could feel the heat rising off her cunt and the wetness on her thigh from her leakage. I imagined his hands on me as he gave me lessons and shivered again.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
After they'd been dancing for forty minutes or so, Bill moved in front of me and ordered me to give him a blow job. Bill hid me from the two dancers as he hid them from me, but any half blind person could tell what I was doing.

It didn't take long. Bill was as aroused as I was by his wife's nude dancing. He grunted, sending a flood of cum into my mouth. I finished cleaning him up and tucked him away. When Bill moved around behind me again, they were both half watching me. Evelyn was smiling and Ricardo was amazed. I'd just sucked his dance partner's husband's prick.

When the lesson was over, Evelyn had a sheen of sweat and was breathing heavily, not all from the dancing, I was sure. Bill kissed both of us and unlocked the door, slipping out quickly. Master quickly joined us locking the door again behind him. He had a towel in his hand. He handed the towel to Evelyn and told her she could dry off. He called me to him and I immediately joined him, kneeling as I did. Once again, we surprised Ricardo.

"Ricardo," Master said, "my friend told me you might be feeling a little uncomfortable after dancing with a naked slave girl for an hour. I don't want you to suffer needlessly. Before you start your next lesson, why don't you let my slave relieve you."

"Huh?" He didn't know what to make of Master's statement. I knew what Master wanted.

"My Master wants you to know that I can suck your cock and give you a release before my lesson starts."

He looked at me like I'd somehow misplaced my marbles, then looked at Master as if he expected him to jump in and tell him he'd misheard me.

"My slave is right. You may get a blow job now. You may want to remove your clothes, in fact. I'd expect you'll get another erection before her lesson is over and if you do, you may fuck her to relieve it."

Ricardo still didn't seem to realize what was being offered or didn't comprehend how far we were willing to go.

"I'm willing to do it if you wish," I said, "but if you're gay or would otherwise prefer me not to, I'll understand. Would you like me to begin?"

I pointed to the erection bulging his tight pants. He finally nodded and I pulled down his zipper, releasing his stiff prick from his pants. I didn't waste time seducing him. He'd been hard for at least forty-five minutes, so I took care of it as fast as I could, which was suitably fast. Master was holding Evelyn and kissing her while he stroked her. Ricardo quickly realized no one was screaming rape or giving him any problems, so he put his hands on my head and began fucking my face. I opened my throat for him and let him use me. Master turned on my vibrator and let it run. In just a few minutes, he groaned and his hot, salty sperm was squirting over my tongue. I'd cum twice waiting for his reward.

When he was done, I started unbuttoning his shirt. He looked at Master, but let me. I had him sit down so I could remove his shoes, then his pants.

"Do you need your shoes for dancing," I asked, "or will your bare feet suffice?"

"I'll need my shoes," he said.

I helped put them back on.

His cock was already showing signs of revival. I suspected I'd get a nice fucking out of this. He turned on the music and led me to the middle of the dance floor. We started my lesson.

Ricardo was a good instructor. I was catching on to the steps fairly easily. Since we were both naked, I remained conscious of his cock. I was often rubbing against it, or in some particular step, my face might even be fairly close to it. I could see an occasional drop of pre-cum on the tip. Master was using the vibrator often; on, then off again. I tried to ignore it as much as I could, concentrating on learning the steps, but I couldn't always. During one intense orgasm, I was moaning quite loudly.

"Are you cumming?" He whispered, his lips close to my ear.

"Yes," I whimpered. "I have a vibrator in my cunt and Master keeps turning it on and off again."

"The pink thing?"

"Yes, the rest is my slave jewelry."

He dipped me, my leg coming up to his waist and his hand was on my thigh, sliding up to my cunt, feeling the wetness and even the palpitations of my pussy as I spasmed. He could feel the vibrations through the tail leading from the egg.

"You people are fucking nuts," he said.

"You may be right, but we have a lot of fun."

"That is your husband, right? He said he was making the dancing appointment for his wife."

"My husband and my Master, yes."

"Was he serious about me fucking you?"

"As serious as he was about the blow job. It's part of my slavery, to be used by others."

"Is it something you want to do?"

I laughed. We'd turned so I could see Master and Evelyn. He was seated on a chair and Evelyn was riding his cock.

"Master is currently fucking your first student. We have flexibility in regard to our sexual partners. I love having sex and would love to feel your cock in my cunt. It's a very nice cock."

I moved my hand off his shoulder long enough to run my fingers up the length of it, causing him to gasp, then returned to dance mode.

"Fuck!"

"Not yet. Lesson first, fuck later."

"You actually dance quite well," Ricardo said.

"We took a ballroom dance class together in college. Foxtrot, waltz, swing, rhumba. I never learned the tango, but it's kind of like fucking on the dance floor."

His cock was fully hard now, bobbing and weaving with the steps.

"Stop the lesson with about fifteen minutes left so you can fuck me," I whispered. "I want a good fucking before your next lesson starts."

"I don't have another lesson tonight."

"Does anyone else have the room reserved tonight?"

"Not after ten."

"Lovely. I'm enjoying the foreplay on the dance floor. Give me the full lesson and you can fuck me after."

He groaned, but he gave me the full dance lesson. When it ended, he tried picking me up, intending to set me on his prick.

"Wait," I said, "the vibrator is in the way."

I grabbed the tail and pulled it out of me, dropping it to the floor. It squelched when it hit, it was so wet with my cum. He picked me up and set me on top of his cock. I slid down it and locked my legs around his waist. He continued dancing with me clinging to him, but after a few minutes, he put me down on the floor and mounted me. I moaned, feeling him slam into me.

He pushed my legs up over his shoulders opening me up to his thrusts, allowing him to go deeper. I climaxed four times before I felt his shaft throbbing out his cum deep inside me. He was groaning as he spurted. When he pulled out of me, I licked his cock, cleaning him. Master tossed me the towel to clean myself off. I also used it on the vibrator, wiping the floor where it had landed as well.

We all put our clothes back on, mine almost as revealing as without.

"Did you enjoy your tango lesson, Julia?" Master asked.

"Are you sure it wasn't a tangled lesson, sir? I was pretty tangled up there at the end."

Master laughed. "I noticed. Ricardo, thanks for the lessons. I think both slaves enjoyed it."

"As did I."

"We're going to continue dancing until eleven. As you might have noticed, we have three women and only two men. If you have nothing else to do, perhaps you'd make up the third male. Obviously, we won't be able to fuck on the main dance floor, but just dancing has its own rewards. We'll be switching around so we can dance with all the women."

"Thank you. Just out of curiosity, is the other woman also a slave?"

"Not any more."

When he looked puzzled by the answer, Master said. "She lost a bet and was a sex slave for a week, but it ended this morning."

Ricardo took a few moments to tidy up the room. Master put the egg back inside me. He told me I wasn't done cumming yet tonight. Ricardo turned out the light as we left the room.

******

SCOTT

Regina was a good ballroom dancer and I told her so as we danced.

"I'm surprised you dance," she said. "Both Ed and Rob have two left feet."

"After we started dating, Julia and I took a ballroom dancing class in college. We both needed some electives and it gave us something we could do together. I'd pretty much decided I was intending to ask for her hand in marriage by that point. Figured it wouldn't hurt to know how to dance for the reception."

She laughed and moved closer, putting her head on my chest. We danced for fifteen minutes or so, then I got her a drink and we sat for a few minutes.

"Are you really letting Julia dance naked?" Regina asked.

"Yes, and hopefully get fucked if Ricardo is as good as promised."

She nodded, shivering a little herself.

"Are you cold?"

"No, just thinking about two slaves dancing naked a few feet away from us."

I smiled. We got up and danced some more. I could feel myself getting hard from Regina's closeness. Regina felt it, I knew, though she didn't speak of it.

After an hour, Bill tapped me on the shoulder, stepping in to take over. He handed me the two remotes and told me to lock the door behind me when I went into the dance studio.

"By the way, Ricardo's been hard for three quarters of an hour. You might want a slave to extend him a little relief. And if they have a towel or something, the slaves need something to wipe themselves with. They're both soaking wet."

"Do you care which of our wives I use?"

"No."

I clapped him on the shoulder and left him dancing with Regina. I asked for a towel from the receptionist, saying the dancers were sweaty. She handed me one and I locked the door as soon I entered. Both slaves were naked as jaybirds. I handed the towel to Evelyn first. She did have a sheen of perspiration, but her cunt was by far the wetter.

I called Julia to me and she immediately responded and dropped to her knees beside me.

"Ricardo," I said, "my friend told me you might be feeling a little uncomfortable after dancing with a naked slave girl for an hour. I don't want you to suffer needlessly. Before you start your next lesson, why don't you let my slave relieve you."

"Huh?" Confusion writ large on his face.

Julia said, "My Master wants you to know that I can suck your cock and relieve you before my lesson starts."

He looked first at Julia, shocked, then looked at me as if he expected me to tell him it was all a joke.

"My slave is right. You may get a blow job now. You may want to remove your clothes, in fact. I'd expect you'll get another erection before her lesson is over and if you do, you may fuck her to relieve it."

He was still staring at me, thinking I'd suddenly gone mad.

"I'm willing to do it if you wish," Julia jumped in again, "but if you're gay or would otherwise prefer me not to, I'll understand. Would you like me to begin?"

Julia pointed to his swollen organ. He finally nodded and Julia removed his erection from the confines of his pants and started sucking him. Evelyn was done wiping herself and I whispered to her I would need to fuck her soon. Her eyes were shining when she nodded. She stretched up to kiss me and I stroked her as we watched Julia fellate Ricardo.

It didn't take long, and he was pumping his load into her mouth. She started removing his shirt and he risked another glance at me as it came off. I smiled and led Evelyn to one of the chairs along the wall. I hoped the chair would hold our weight as I sat her on my lap, both of us watching as Julia stripped off his clothes.

I was already kissing and fondling her as he started the music and led her out on the dance floor. We watched as the lesson started. Ricardo was rapidly getting hard again. I didn't blame him. I would be too. I'd gotten an erection from merely dancing with Regina, though I admit the thought of what might have gone on in here, contributed to my arousal.

After ten minutes of watching them dance; an act of foreplay if I ever saw one, I was ready to fuck Evelyn. I opened my fly and had her tuck her towel around my cock so my pants wouldn't get soaked with the juices I'd already felt in her pussy. She mounted me, facing away so we could continue watching them dance. I was helping Evelyn to raise and lower herself over my cock. As much as I hoped I would last longer, I was exploding into Evelyn's cunt in just over ten minutes, teased to distraction by everything happening.

When Evelyn felt me start to slip out of her cunt, she knelt down on the floor and cleaned me off. I had her stand and lean forward so I could do the same for her. Then it was back to watching Ricardo and Julia dance. When his instruction was up, he attempted to put Julia on his cock but she had to stop him first to remove the vibrator. When she dropped it on the floor, drops of fluid went flying everywhere. He lifted her and she rode him as he continued dancing. He could do it for a few minutes, but she was almost as big as he was, so he eventually lowered her down to the floor and reentered her there, stabbing inside her. He put her legs over his shoulders and fucked her hard. Julia climaxed several times before he emptied himself into her.

Like a good slave, she cleaned him off after, and I tossed her the towel so she could clean herself off. Business taken care of, everyone got dressed. Julia still looked like a total slut and when we danced later, I wouldn't be the only one to think so. Evelyn's was a little better, but I'm sure they'd both get lots of looks from the other dancers.

"Did you enjoy your tango lesson, Julia?" I asked.

"Are you sure it wasn't a tangled lesson, sir? I was pretty tangled up there at the end."

I laughed and said, "I noticed. Ricardo, thanks for the lessons. I think both slaves enjoyed it."

"As did I," he said.

I invited him to continue dancing with us until eleven as we had an extra female without a partner. He agreed he'd join us and took a few moments to tidy the room up before we went to join the others.

I got drinks for everyone, then Bill and I both danced with our slaves while Regina danced with Ricardo. He wasn't as aggressively handsy as he'd been with the naked slaves, but Regina was smiling as they danced. As expected, our two slaves drew their fair share of glances, some of wonder, some of surprise, some of disgust; and perhaps a few snotty comments under the breath of those who disapproved. I could hear Julia's jewelry slightly jingling, though it was hard to hear over the music, unless you were right next to her. I know some people could see it as she danced. There was no avoiding it with the dress she was wearing. I continued to play with the remote as we all danced, and I think she had another couple orgasms during her dances. About every two dances, we switched partners, me going to Regina, then to Evelyn. Ricardo was dancing with Julia again as I danced with Evelyn and their dance was almost as seductive as it had been during the lesson, though a foxtrot, instead of the tango.

I had one more pair of dances with Julia before we left. I asked, "Have you had a good time, Julia?"

"Yes, Master. Very good. You continue to surprise me."

"Good. Marriages should continue to surprise so it can remain fresh and exciting."

She laid her head against my chest and squeezed me tighter as we swayed to the music. "I love you, sir."

"I love you too, dear one."

We had to leave and in the car, Bill said, "Tonight made me think I might enjoy a dance sometime where everyone was naked."

"That sounds like fun," Evelyn said, smiling.

"Perhaps after our new home is built. It has a large room which we could use as a ballroom."

"I'd certainly look forward to it," I said. "Watching Ricardo and Julia dance the Tango was quite arousing."

We arrived at Regina's, I walked her to the door. Rob opened the door, smiling.

"You might want to fuck her," I said. "She smells ripe."

Rob sniffed loudly and grinned. "No problem. Ed's waiting for us now."

Regina turned to me and leaned up for a kiss. "Thank you both for taking me dancing. Maybe you should give Ed and Rob dancing lessons. I had a great time."

"If they ask. We know of a couple naked slaves who'd be happy to teach them."

"Hey, if I can have naked dance instructors; I'd certainly consider it," Rob said.

"See you later, Rob. Say hi to Ed for me."

"Sure thing. Regina, you're a little overdressed for what's going to happen now." He shut the door, leaving me with a glimpse of Regina undoing her dress.

As soon as we got home, we all adjourned to our separate rooms. I don't know about Bill, but I had to fuck my slave in the worst way.

We were relaxing in bed after some very hot sex when Rhonda and Lisa got home.

"Did you have a good time?" Julia asked. "I hope it was as good as mine."

"We had a wonderful time," Lisa said, yawning, "though I'm dead tired now. We were going to spend the night together, just us two, but I forgot Bill is still here. All the rooms are taken. I'm exhausted anyway, so sleep sounds more important than more sex."

"We can tell each other all about our evenings tomorrow," I said. "Sleep sounds really good to us too."

Both of them crawled into bed, giving both of us a kiss before settling in. We were all asleep in minutes.

******

 

--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 66|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-66|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<i>This chapter continues the rest of the furniture filming for the website. Scott tries out additional sex toys on his slaves. Lucia delivers Scott's child. Jerry and Reneé get married. This chapter contains, oral, anal, lesbian, interracial and group sex and includes squirting.</i>

A Taste of Slavery, Ch 66 - Photos and Videos, Pt 1

SCOTT

Lisa and Julia were taking turns sucking my cock while Rhonda nibbled my nuggets the next morning. When I got close, Julia told me to deposit my load in Lisa. 

"We're still trying to get you pregnant, aren't we?" Julia asked when Lisa demurred.

"I just think I don't need to have all his cum. I'm probably not even fertile yet, let alone ovulating."

"No one else can fuck your cunt until you're pregnant," Julia said. "Don't you want to fuck other people again?"

"I don't care where it goes," I said, "as long as it's somewhere, slaves. Someone ride me now."

"Fine, sir," Lisa said. She climbed on board and rode me for thirty seconds until I climaxed. "I just think we should let nature take its course. I'll get pregnant when I get pregnant. It's not as if I'm not fucking enough."

When she climbed off me, Lisa got into a bicycle position with her hips on her hands and her legs in the air. She stayed that way for three minutes hoping my sperm would sink deeper into her body rather than run out. Julia and Rhonda cleaned me off, then Lisa when she finally allowed herself to fall back on the bed.

"Master took me for tango lessons last night and I got to fuck the instructor," Julia said. "You couldn't fuck him until after you're preggers."

"Really? You got to fuck the tango instructor?"

"Ricardo. He was quite the dancer and quite the fucker. It must be his sense of rhythm."

"Well, he couldn't fuck me in the cunt, you mean. He could always fuck my ass," Lisa said.

"So what did you two do?" I asked. "How did your date go?"

"The date went well, sir," Rhonda said. "I took Lisa to this little hole in the wall bar I was familiar with. Friendly staff, friendly patrons and a couple rooms where you can get even friendlier if you wish. We had a couple drinks while we held hands, kissed and talked. Eventually, our collars and cuffs started to attract attention. A couple people stopped to chat us up; straight up lesbians, who asked about our 'jewelry'. We told them we were both submissives and the jewelry was the symbol of our possession."

"One of them - a cute Asian girl around twenty-five years old named Jiao - asked, 'You mean if I were to tell you what to do,'" Lisa said, "'you'd have to do it?' I told her we only had to do what our Dominant told us what to do, not some stranger in a bar. She said, 'What if I told you I wanted you to lick my cunt; would you do it?' Only if I want to do it, I informed her. So she asked if I wanted to do it. I told her I was on a date with my friend, but if they were willing to join us and reciprocate, who knew what might happen."

"Her friend, the one with her, was Latina and named Rosalinda, and also attractive," Rhonda said. "They decided to sit with us and we talked, and eventually, I sort of paired up with the Latina who reminded me of Lucia, though not in a submissive sense. Lisa was chatting with the Asian girl, Jiao. There was some kissing, some light fondling going on between us."

Lisa said, "Jiao asked a lot of questions about my submission and why, if I was a submissive to a Master, was I at a lesbian bar with another girl. I told her I considered myself bisexual and was with a lesbian friend who was familiar with this bar. I said Rhonda and I frequently slept together, but we were trying to become better acquainted as the four of us considered ourselves to be in a long term relationship and wanted to maintain it as much as possible, so we were on a date. Then they asked who Rhonda was submissive to and we both said she was submissive to Julia, a switch, who was submissive to my Master as well, so through her, to my Master. So essentially, we were a quad pansexual unit."

"They asked a lot of good questions, sir," Rhonda added, "which actually helped Lisa and I get better acquainted. Eventually, we borrowed one of the private rooms and spent some intimate time with both of them. I was mostly with Rosalinda, but we also switched off a little. We actually invited them to spend an evening with us one night while you're in LA. Jiao, in particular, seemed intrigued by the D/s lifestyle."

"As a Dominant or submissive?" I asked. 

"I'm not sure, sir," Lisa responded, "though she did ask about ordering us around, but that may have just been in regard to wanting to know if she could get her cunt licked. She didn't have to order us around to accomplish that."

"Let's get breakfast, then I want to play with you today before we start on the photos and videos for the website," I said.

Everyone got up and we found Bill and Evelyn had already gotten up. Evelyn helped my slaves with breakfast. 

"I'm going to get out of your hair," William said. "I've been here long enough. I need to head to New York for a few weeks. You deserve to get your house back to yourself. I'll be leaving after breakfast."

"Don't you want Evelyn to stay for this afternoon's shooting?"

"You have enough models. You don't need any more. Just send the photos you'd like to include of Evelyn so I can choose what I'd like to appear. I'll make my selections and send them back. I'll need you to delete any which don't get used."

"Of course."

Robert was already bringing their luggage down to put in the back of the limo. Only the clothes which they would wear on the helicopter were not packed. It was more clothes than slaves normally wore. It was a more sedate breakfast than usual. Everyone was somewhat sad to see them go, though it would be nice to have our house back again. They helped clean up after breakfast. My slaves kissed Bill and Evelyn goodbye. Even Robert was kissed a few times by naked slaves, though he was politely professional when they did. I shook his hand and thanked him for being a consummate professional. 

"Thank you, sir," he said. "It's been an interesting few days."

"Glad you enjoyed it."

I kissed Evelyn, already dressed. 

"Don't forget to plan some special events for your Master," I whispered.

"I won't. I already have some things in mind I think he'll enjoy."

I shook Bill's hand. "Shasta will be sorry she didn't get to say goodbye."

"I'll see her again," Bill said. "Perhaps I'll bring her family to New York for a week. Let them see a Broadway Show or two. I enjoy her company. She's very refreshing; one of the most direct people I've ever met."

"Her whole family might enjoy that. I really appreciate everything you've done for her."

"It's only money, Scott."

"No, it's more than money. It's friendship. That can't be purchased at any price."

He smiled, clasped my shoulder and left.

******

JULIA

"Do you have plans for us this morning, sir?" I asked, 

"I do. A couple of the toys MD sent for us to promote looked like they had promise. I wanted to try them out with you three, though you've already tried one. I want to use it on the others as well."

"The egg thing, Master?" I asked.

"Yes, but it's called a Silhouette S4. When I tell you I want you in your Silhouette, this is what I want you to wear."

"For now. There's another thing as well, an internal e-stim device, g-spot vibrator, designed to strengthen your Kegel muscles, but we'll do that when we're doing the shoot this afternoon. It can't be used in the water, which is where we're going now. They've been charged." 

He handed one to me, pink. Lisa's was purple, and Rhonda's was white. He held up the chargers for each and the chargers colors matched the egg.

"Three different colors for three different slaves. They're color coded so I can control them with three different remotes. You're responsible for keeping them charged. If I tell you I want you wearing it, the only time I want them out of you is when they are on the charger or you're asleep, unless you have my permission. Put them in and we'll go sit in the hot tub."

"Sounds like they could be fun, sir," Rhonda said. 

"It was last night, when I was dancing," I said. "I had very pleasant orgasms."

All three of us inserted the eggs in our cunts. I'd already started leaking just thinking about it. I was such a slave. Master turned them on. The distinctive buzzing I'd felt last night humming in my pussy. Master handed us the remotes. 

"I want you to find the stimulation pattern you each like the most, then turn it off and return the remote. It will remember your favorite when I turn it on again. No cumming."

I found the one I'd liked last night, then turned it off, handing the remote back to Master. The others took longer, playing with them to find the one they liked. Lisa looked like she was close to cumming before she found the one she liked. She certainly looked unhappy turning it off and handing the remote back. 

"Go out to the hot tub and I'll join you shortly," Master said.

We went to the hot tub and Master came out a short time later with some ice water for all of us. He climbed in with us and got settled in the water. He turned them on. 

"You're not to cum yet. Inform me when you get close."

"Master," Lisa complained. "I need to cum." 

Of course, it wouldn't take long anyway. It never took me long.

"Not yet." He turned Lisa's off again. "I think I should take you to dinner wearing this. Give you orgasms at unexpected times. That could be fun too. Perhaps on our date nights."

For the next hour, Master had us tell him about all the things we'd done this past week without him while we took turns sitting on his lap and he kissed and caressed us. I knew he had an erection; I could feel it under my bottom, but he wouldn't let any of us relieve him. The device brought me close to orgasms ten times and each time, I warned Master I was close, and he would turn it off for a few minutes, eventually turning it on again when he thought it was safe. He did the same to each of the others. I was a panting bundle of need after the hour, pleading with him, begging him to cum. The others were as needy as I was. 

"This wouldn't interfere with a spanking or whipping," he said. "We could leave this in you the whole time."

"Mmm, sounds like fun, sir," Rhonda said, whimpering. "I need to cum again soon. Can I cum this time, please?"

"Not yet." He turned it off again.

I groaned, close myself. "Perhaps you could fuck my ass while it's in my cunt. I'm sure that would feel good, sir."

"If I do that, you'll cum."

"So would you, Master. You've had that erection about fifty minutes now."

"Anticipation is good for me."

"How long does the battery last, sir?"

"Two hours at a highest vibration mode and three hours at the lowest."

"And what setting has it been on, Master?"

"Mixed, and it's been off as much as it's been on, so we're good for another two hours at least." 

"Shit, sir," Lisa said, telling him she was close again.

"Marcia told me I wasn't as good a cunt licker as Sam is. What is your opinion on the matter?"

"Well, you're definitely the least accomplished in the house, Master, but you get the least amount of practice. We have to lick each other all the time. We even do most of the clean up," I said.

"I want to get better."

"Practice makes perfect, sir," Rhonda said.

He laughed. "Yeah, I suppose so." 

He lifted me to the edge of the tub and looked at my cleft, adorned with his jewelry and with the pink tail of the egg coming out of me.

"It's awfully crowded down here."

"Work around it, sir."

"You still can't cum. Warn me if you get close and I don't notice it."

"Please, sir. It's been over an hour of teasing."

"Do I need to put the Slave Trainer on you for twelve hours?"

"No, Master. I'm sorry. I'll let you know." Shit. How much longer before I could cum.

"If you can give me some pointers in the process, let me know. And no more begging."

"Yes, sir."

For the next hour, he teased all of us with his tongue, teeth and lips, taking turns, ten to fifteen minutes with each. It was wonderful and horrible. We'd be giving him pointers and he'd practice them until I was ready to cum, then he'd stop. My pussy was sloshing, leaking constantly. He'd lick up the worst of it, but he couldn't when we were close. By the end of the hour, he was substantially better at licking a cunt and I was a frustrated mess. Nor was I any worse nor better off than either of the others. I had no desire to wear a Slave Trainer for twelve hours though, so was still telling him every time I was close to an orgasm. I was desperate to cum. 

"I'm getting close to cumming again, sir," I whimpered. 

He didn't stop. He kept on pleasuring me.

"Master, I'm going to cum. Please, you need to stop."

What I wanted to do was tell him to keep going, not stop. I was fighting it now. I didn't have permission to cum. My muscles started tensing. It was going to be a monster orgasm if he didn't stop right now.

"Sir, please, I'm seconds away," I moaned.

He didn't stop and I shattered, humping my cunt against his mouth, shivering like a I had a fever. My cunt was still contracting a half minute later when he turned on the egg's vibrations again. I had eight orgasms over the next ten to twelve minutes, one after the other. I was flooding Master's tongue with my juices. He kept licking and swallowing, gathering what he could. Every time I had another one, I was mentally adding another thirty swats to my eventual punishment. It was up to 240 when he turned the egg off and stopped licking me. Oh, criminy. I felt as limp as a wet noodle, ready to sink back in the water and to the bottom of the tub. It was spectacular.

Master's face was coated with my fluids. I kissed him and licked at his face, attempting to clean it, feeling the rasping of his unshaved face against my tongue, tasting myself. 

"I'm sorry, Master," I whispered into his ear. "I couldn't hold out any longer. Please, could you split my punishment into at least two different sessions?"

"I'm not going to punish you, yet," he said. "I still have the others to play with."

"Yes, sir. I must inform you I orgasmed eight times without your permission."

"I know."

He did the same to each of the others, licking them close to orgasm, stopping when they said they were close and finally making them cum, while running the egg. We'd all cum over six times at least. His arm would be dead by the time all of us were spanked fully. Pitiful slaves.

"Are we to be punished now?" Lisa said. "We've all cum without your permission."

"You had my permission. I just didn't verbalize it. I am, however, going to fuck you. I think your idea of my fucking your ass while the egg is running was a great one."

Master turned me so I was bent over the edge of our spa. A lot of the juices which escaped Master's tongue had leaked down over my pucker. He rubbed the head of his prick in all of it, then placed his cock at the entrance to my back door. He slowly eased himself all the way in until his balls dangled on my pussy before turning the egg back on. 

"Master, do I still have permission to cum?" I moaned.

"As much as you want, slave," Master said.

I spasmed as he said it, quivering. He started stroking in and out, using every inch of his wonderful cock to fuck me with. He'd been hard for over ninety minutes, so he wasn't going to last too long, but I took advantage of every second, cumming five more times in the space of the ten minutes he fucked me before I felt him pulsing inside my buttocks, plastered against my cheeks. As hard as the first two hours had been, the last twenty-five more than made up for it. He pulled out before he'd shrunk completely and wiped us both with a damp towel. 

"Was I doing better towards the end of your lesson than I was at the beginning, slave."

"Yes, Master. Much better. At least thirty to fifty percent better. You're not at Lisa's or Rhonda's level yet, but you did very well. I shall keep working with you as much as I can to improve your technique."

He smiled. "I'm sure you'll enjoy every second of it too, won't you, slave?"

"Every second, sir." I kissed him. "We all will."

He looked at his watch. "The others should be coming over soon. You might want to grab a quick bite before we start this afternoon."

"Yes, Master."

******

SCOTT

Unfortunately, our trip to the kitchen was delayed when the baby monitor went off. Lucas was either hungry, wet or both. Lisa got him and we three fixed a quick salad to eat before the others arrived, while Julia breast fed him. Then she ate while Lisa gave him his solid food. Lucas started getting tired again before he was done eating. I changed his diaper after. I didn't want anyone thinking I only kept so many slaves is because they could take care of all the dirty jobs. I truly did love them all. We were trying to keep him awake for more of the day, so he'd sleep more through the night than he had when born. Rhonda would watch him again while we worked. Then she'd nap in the evening before going to work.

I told my slaves they couldn't cum again and kept turning the Silhouette's off and on until they died. Using the retrieval tails, they had to remove them, wash them and charge them. 

Shasta and Sean arrived first, Sean stripping as soon as he entered. I told Shasta, Bill and Evelyn left, going back to New York. I didn't say anything about his plan to invite her there at some point in the future. That was his to tell.

"I'm sorry I missed him," she said. 

"He told me I was to give you a kiss from him," I said, then kissed her softly on the lips.

"It's a good thing I'm going to be cumming this afternoon," she murmured, the kiss over.

The others arrived soon after, all of them removing their clothes, even Melanie.

"Are you sure you want to be naked?" Julia asked. 

"Yes, if I get to pick the pictures out. I just want to experience more of what I did yesterday. It was so fucking hot."

We hadn't put the living room back together after yesterday's shooting. They still had to take the last item down and set up the next one. 

This one was more compact than any of the others. It had three fucking machine or punishment stations on it, one on hands and knees, one sitting and one squatting. In all of them, the slave could be immobilized while fucked with a machine which Mistress Dark provided. The slave could also be whipped or paddled in all but the sitting position. Their mouth could be used as well, although we intended to use a penis gag for all but one. The kneeling position did present an opportunity to fuck a slaves ass while her pussy was pounded, but we'd be using an anal plug instead. It could also have a double dildo on it, fucking two slave holes. We would demonstrate that capability later.

Julia explained what was going to happen in each of the three stations. All of the stations were going to be filled at once. Normally, with one slave, you'd only use one at a time and only need one fucking machine, but we wanted to show all the capabilities at once.

Melanie said, "Can I be in the kneeling station?"

"You realize you're going to have a penis gag in your mouth, and a plug in your butt?" I asked.

"Yeah, but it looks like the most comfortable position for getting fucked with one of the machines except for the seated position, who has to suck a real cock and lick a real cunt. I really want to see what it's like to have one of those things fuck me."

"Do you have any objections?" I asked the others.

Nobody did. 

"We're going to start with you, then. You'll have the machine fucking you until everyone else is in place and can be filmed. Shasta will be the one putting the gag and plug in you."

"Fine," she said.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
We put on our generic collars and cuffs and covered her face with one of the masks. The kneeling position had a support for the torso which could be left or removed. Since Melanie would be in position the longest, I left the support. Sean started shooting video as Shasta led Melanie to the station, fastened her arms and legs down. Shasta fastened the penis gag in Melanie's mouth.

"I'm getting one of these for your mouth, Sean. I want you used to having dick in your mouth."

"Yes, Mistress," he said.

Shasta greased Melanie's bottom and a smaller sized plug and inserted it in her bottom. Melanie moaned around her penis gage when it went in and I wondered if she'd ever been fucked in the ass before. Setting up the fucking machine with a seven inch dildo, Shasta also lubed the fake dick before putting it at the entrance to Melanie's cunt and turning it on. The machine started fucking her and Melanie moaned again, deeper and longer than before. Using both a whip and paddle, Shasta spanked Melanie's bottom a few times with each. I'm not sure Melanie noticed.

Alice volunteered to be in the seated position. She got a generic collar and cuffs placed on her as well as a half mask. She didn't particularly mind either cock or cunt, though she much preferred cock. Again, she was strapped down so she couldn't move. The fucking machine was put into place and turned on after the dildo was lubricated. 

Melanie was apparently cumming frequently. The noise she made as she was cumming muffled by her gag. She was also drooling a fair amount as well, unable to fully swallow with the gag in her mouth.

Alice was cumming as well. Her moans were louder since she wasn't gagged, at least not until Sean handed me the camera, had his cock cage removed and filled her mouth with his cock. We shot until Sean released his load. It would be edited down, but his cumming would make a nice ending. Shasta next shoved her pussy in Alice's face and she was forced to lick her cunt for a couple minutes, though not long enough for Shasta to cum. She needed to get on to the next person, Charlotte, who was going to be the squatter today. She got another penis gag though.

Charlotte had to spread her legs apart and squat down over the next fucking machine. Her arms and legs were fastened so she couldn't move. Even though those straps provided some support for her squatting, her legs were going to get tired from the position. It's the reason she went last. Shasta pushed a penis gag in her mouth, and an anal plug into her bottom, then turned on the last fucking machine and Charlotte whimpered as she was penetrated. 

I moved around, shooting the three cumming women, individually, then as a group. Drool was dripping from their mouths, onto their own breasts in Charlotte's and Alice's case. We made sure we had lots of video for editing purposes so we could cut anything which showed too much. We finally stopped shooting and cut the power to all three machines, then started releasing them. All three women had cum running down their legs and the dildo's they'd been fucked with were creamy with cum. As soon as their gags were removed, we could hear all three gasping and panting. 

"Fuck!" Melanie moaned. "That was like exquisite torture. It felt so good, yet I wanted it to stop because I couldn't take any more."

"Who wants to get the double dildo?" I asked. "You'll also have to get fucked in the ass and suck cock."

Both Lisa and Julia said they'd do it.

"As much as I'd enjoy that," Reneé said. "I don't have Master's permission to suck and fuck other cocks. If it were just the double dildo, I'd volunteer."

I picked Lisa. I had something else planned for Julia later. This time, I wore the mask along with Sean while Shasta would shoot the video. We fastened Lisa down as we'd done to Melanie. We set up a single dildo and after turning it on, I entered her ass and fucked her. Sean got in front of her, knelt down and got his cock sucked. After enough time to take some good video, I asked Shasta to kill the camera and we just fucked her until we both climaxed. Lisa orgasmed early and often. After we cleaned her and I off with a nice warm washcloth, we set the fucking machine up with a double dildo, a penis gag for her mouth and turned the machine back on, letting it run for about ten minutes, adjusting the machine to fuck her slower and faster. 

"Jesus," Charlotte said, rubbing her pussy. "I can't imagine getting fucked like that; both my cunt and ass."

"Having two live cocks fucking you is even better than the machine," Julia said. "It's less coordinated, but more fun."

"How often have you done that?" Alice asked. 

"Often enough I know I love it," Julia said. 

After another five minutes, we turned off the machine and released Lisa. Since several people except Julia and Reneé were messy, we took a break for showers; a quick one so we could get on with the filming. We left this device where it was as the bedroom would be where we demonstrated the bed.

When we were ready to start again, we started with Reneé demonstrating the stocks butt out. Shasta fucked her with a strapless, then went around to the other side and Reneé licked Shasta's cunt. Alice was placed on the stocks the other way, lying on the bed with her legs tied to the two opposite bed posts. Shasta got her cunt licked again on the footboard side, cumming finally. Sean got to fuck Alice's cunt, though not to his completion, only Alice's.

Melanie was rubbing her pussy. "Oh, fuck, I need to cum again. Can someone make me cum?"

"If you don't mind being swatted on the front of your body a couple times with a whip for the next scene, I'll make you cum after," I replied. 

"Will it hurt?" Melanie asked.

"Not much more than the last time," I said, "when we did your bottom. We're going for the motions more than the punishment."

"Fine, whip me then, just make sure I cum."

The Silhouette's were all recharged, so I got one of them, the pink one which would stand out better in the movie. We pulled out the St. Andrew's cross and making sure Melanie was masked, Sean started filming as I fastened her face against the cross. I inserted another anal plug, this one slightly larger than the first time. I then inserted the egg after lubricating it and turned it on. I picked a pattern and speed at random and let it buzz inside her until she had her first orgasm, then whipped her back a half dozen times with the nine stranded cat. I wasn't trying to make it painful, and she barely flinched as I whipped her. 

We then turned her around and after she climaxed a second time, I whipped her front a half dozen times, twice on her belly, twice over her breasts and twice over her mound. The whip hit her strong enough to leave stripes visible to the camera, but not hard. She climaxed a third time after the whipping stopped. I had Julia lick her pussy until she climaxed a fourth time.

"Was that sufficiently pleasing?" I asked.

"Yes," she panted. "That was fine. It barely hurt at all."

I pulled the egg from Melanie's cunt and the plug from her bottom. Julia washed both.

"What's next?" Charlotte asked.

"The same thing, though upside down," I replied. "Cross, whipping, back and front."

"I'll volunteer if I can wear the pink gizmo too."

"I had a different gizmo in mind," I said.

"What gizmo?" Charlotte asked.

"It's called a Triple Play Pleaser," I replied.

"What's it do?" Charlotte asked.

I showed the device to her. It had a long center section dildo, another smaller probe that vibrated in her ass, and a front arm that vibrated against her clit.

"Fuck yeah. Do me with that thing. It looks like a ton of fun."

"You're sure?" I asked. 

"If I can cum; I'm sure."

Charlotte put a mask on and suspension boots in addition to the collar and wrist cuffs. We lowered the cross so we could fasten the suspension boots to the top of the cross, Sean and I lifted it so she was upside down; fastened her wrist cuffs to the base. Sean started filming and I inserted the Triple Play into the proper places. I tried the new device on her and she quickly had a multiple orgasm. While she was still climaxing, I whipped her back, moving up and down. Six strokes only, then we had to lower the cross again to flip her around, but she was soon facing us dangling upside down.

Waiting for her to have another orgasm, I whipped her as I did Melanie, two, two and two. When I was done, she climaxed a couple more times and Lisa lapped her cunt to clean her, helping her have one more orgasm, so she was quite satisfied by her adventure. 

Released once more, she asked, "Is that as hard as you usually whip one of your slaves?"

"No, they're whipped harder and longer," I replied.

"I thought it actually felt kind of good," Charlotte said. "It sort of enhanced my orgasms. I'm not sure if I'd like more and longer though."

I was kind of excited by this time, so I fucked Lisa, depositing another load of cum in her cunt.

"Is it my turn, Master," Julia asked.

"Not yet. I've got something special planned for you. I'll use Renee for the next demonstration."

This was the demonstration of the overhead beam suspension point. I fastened Reneé's hands over her head and the spreader bar incorporated into the bed to show her as if she were for sale. Renee looked lovely this way. Since work with other females wasn't prohibited by Jerry. I had Julia lick her to two orgasms, then used the Triple Play on her for a few more. There was only one further function of the bed to be demonstrated. I tied Julia to the bed, spread eagled, face up. 

"Do I get to cum, Master?" Julia asked.

"You get to cum, slave." I kissed her.

The toy I planned to use now provided electrical stimulation to cause the Kegel muscles to contract, thereby strengthening the pelvic floor. It looked like the Silhouette, except it was a double egg in series with a tail, but had a metal strip in the first egg which applied the electric charge.

I pointed it out to her. "This is the Impulse E-Simulation Dual Kegel Exercisor, similar to the Silhouette except it both vibrates and provides an electrical stimulation to your cunt. The electricity makes you Kegels contract which enhances your orgasms, and tightens your pussy."

"You think my orgasms need to be enhanced, Master?"

"I think anything which gives you more pleasure should be tried. If it makes them better, where's the harm."

"Does my cunt need tightening, sir?"

"You're not as tight as before you had Lucas, but you're still pretty tight. I think the sheer number of orgasms you have help keep you snug, but again; if we can make you tighter, where's the harm. I'd like all my slaves to use this for thirty minutes every day. You can cum as frequently as you're able to during the time you use it. This includes Rhonda as well. I'll tell her later. The product claims medical benefits over the long term. Because this uses electricity, it can't be used in the pool or hot tub. At present, I wouldn't suggest using it while breast feeding Lucas either. The shock could affect him as well."

"Yes, sir."

I showed her the remote. "The top button is the electric stimulation button. Hold it for three seconds to turn it on. Push it again to go to a higher intensity charge. It has five levels of intensity. They recommend starting at the lowest level every time you use it, and work up to higher levels. Go only as high as you can tolerate. I don't want to use it as a torture device. 

"The middle button is the vibration button. It starts vibrationg when you hold it down for three seconds both for off and on. The bottom button is for an overall on/off switch. It shuts off whatever is running at the time; e-stim, vibrations or both. The vibration portion should work like the Silhouette except not as many levels. You can have both going at the same time. I'm going to put it in you and we're going to start with the vibrator, working up to the most powerful vibration, then start on the e-stim while it's still vibrating. When you do it yourself, you can do it however you want to. There is an overall power button on the tail of the device to get it started. Relax now and I'll insert it."

"Yes, Master."

I pushed both of the eggs inside of her. 

"The remote is supposed to work from approximately thirty feet away. I'm going to press the middle button to start the vibrations, depress it again to change patterns. As I go through the entire cycle tell me which you like the best."

I started it up, and Julia shifted slightly when it started buzzing inside her. I told Sean to begin filming.

"It seems quiet enough to use on you out at dinner or a movie," I said, playing with a breast and the responsive nipple sitting on it.

"Mmm, yes, sir. I agree."

I was cycling through the different levels, spending around thirty seconds on each one. 

"Ooh, I love number five. I'm going to cum, sir."

She shivered and moaned, her nipple like a bullet in my fingers. I sucked on it, hoping to extend her orgasm. Julia jerked through each of the tiny aftershocks. 

Reaching the end, she said, "They're all nice, but I'm partial to five myself."

"I'm going to put it back on five then and start the e-stim. Use your safe word if you need me to stop."

"Yes, sir."

I cycled back up to five and activated the electric button. She started shaking almost as if she was having a fit.

"Do you need to stop it?" I asked, worried it was hurting her.

"Fuck, no," she rasped. "It's not bad, sir."

"Despite the way you're shaking?"

"It's okay, sir. God, I can feel those muscles tightening up."

"Don't hurt yourself," I said.

"No, sir." 

I let it run for about thirty seconds, until she climaxed once, then turned it off. 

"Wow, that's something. Turn it on again and go to level two. Vibrations first."

I turned on the vibrations, then the juice, going from one right to two. She was shaking harder than she was before. She climaxed again after maybe a half minute.

"Turn it up to three sir," Julia whimpered, almost stuttering. 

I depressed the electric button again and she juddered harder than with the second level. 

"Oh, fuck, fuck, fuck", she moaned. Suddenly, she was squirting, the first time I'd ever seen her squirt, shooting out about two or three feet from her cunt. "Fuck, fuck, fuck," she moaned again, more coming out. Damn, we were going to need to change everything on the bed. I looked to see what was happening to her crotch and both her pussy and ass were pulsing hard, almost like something was trying to get out. 

I turned it off. She still continued to twitch at random intervals for almost a minute longer. 

"Did you catch that on film?" I asked Sean.

"Sure did, sir."

"When you use this thing," I said to Lisa and Julia "try to make sure you're either outside or on concrete or tile. I don't think we can afford to change the sheets every time you use it."

She was still shaking, but she laughed. "Holy fuck. That's the first time I ever squirted."

"Wow. Yeah, and it wasn't a little bit either. It almost looked as if you were emptying your bladder."

"I can promise I didn't. I still have to pee."

"Maybe don't use it for thirty minutes," I said. "I'm afraid you'd dehydrate yourself."

Julia laughed again. "I wonder what the others will do when they try it out."

"I don't know, but try it outside when they do, so we can figure it out before we dirty more bed linens."

I released her and both Lisa and Julia helped me strip the bed and put everything in the washer to wash, then we put clean everything on the bed. Then we got in the shower and washed ourselves off. 

"Were we done yet, Master?" Julia asked as we showered.

"No. I'd planned on you being fucked you while you were tied down, both front and back."

"Good, I want to feel cock in me, sir."

We came back to the bedroom. Sean was fucking Shasta and Lisa and Reneé were licking Melanie and Charlotte, respectively. Alice was using a dildo on herself. None of them stopped what they were doing. 

I cleared my throat. "I don't think you're being paid to have sex this afternoon," I said.

"The whole afternoon is about having sex on video," Shasta moaned. "We're taking a cum break."

"Everyone's cum several times. Why do you need a cum break?" I asked.

"After watching Julia squirt, it seemed appropriate," Shasta replied, cumming again from Sean's fucking. "Everyone needed one. Watching her cum was sexy as hell."

"Hurry up. You can fuck more when we're done."

They stopped and I tied Julia to the bed again. I tied a scarf around her eyes so she couldn't see. I inserted an anal plug while Sean filmed us. I started by licking her, preparing her for the fucking to come, not stopping until she had an orgasm. I then mounted her and fucked her to my orgasm. Julia, on the other hand, had four. Lisa cleaned me after while Reneé cleaned Julia. We turned Julia over, putting a bolster pillow under her hips. Since I wasn't ready again so soon and Sean hadn't cum, I had him remove her plug and fuck her ass, cumming when Shasta told him to cum. 

"You can't complain about your lack of cumming earlier," I told Julia. "You've cum twelve times since your turn started."

Lisa was wiping both of them off. 

"No, Master. It was perfect. Are we done now?"

"I think so. We've demonstrated all the functions of the bed." 

"Sean, I want you to do nothing but work on the photos and video the next couple days, incorporating them into the website as fast as you can," Julia said. "In fact, everyone take a day off tomorrow. Lisa and I have laser hair removal appointments, so we'd miss a bunch of time anyway. Photoshop what you can to take care of the tattoos and birthmarks no one wanted showing. Delete anything we can't use for some reason. E-mail all of anyone's stuff to them. They or their Master may choose what we'll include on the website. Everyone look through the photos and videos closely. Tell Sean what you're willing to use and what you want gone. If there is a video that you're willing to use, except for a part of it, note the time stamp on the video and tell him from what point to what point he has to expunge or keep. I'd like to get the website operational in no more than two weeks. One week would be better. Since we're selling part of the operations to Thornhill, it should become a business fast. Do you agree, Lisa?"

"I do. With everything."

"Shasta, since we're going to quit making anything but king size and larger beds, we'll finish up our current orders, but not start on anything new but beds, unless we hear differently from William if he needs time to gear up. Just forward any other orders directly to his business manager. He can send them where they need to go. I'll let Mistress Dark know tomorrow we plan to be operational within two weeks." 

"Thank you, everyone, for participating," Lisa said. "Bonuses for yesterday and today will be in your next check, less taxes, of course."

"It was almost worth it even if we didn't get paid," Charlotte said. "That was the most fun I ever had earning a pay check, but I still want to cum, Reneé."

"Me too, Lisa," Melanie said. "We got cut off before I could cum."

"Anyone who wants to stay for a little more fun and games," I said, "may stay. Use the pool, the hot tub. I'll spring for pizza for everyone."

"I'll finish off Charlotte," Reneé said, "but someone needs to do me too. Then I need to go home to Master and get a proper fucking."

"I'll do you, Reneé," Julia said. 

"Scott, I'd prefer using you to a dildo or a mouth," Alice said.

"Won't your boyfriend be upset?"

"He's not a boyfriend, really. He's more of a fuck buddy. He just scratches my itch once in awhile. I really haven't had a boyfriend since Alex. Haven't really wanted one. Maybe someday, but all I want now is someone to fuck once in awhile."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"Fuck her, Master," Lisa said. "We don't care."

No, they didn't care. They were very good slaves. I spent an enjoyable thirty minutes with Alice. Reneé finished taking care of Charlotte, then Julia took care of her. Lisa finished up with Melanie. Shasta and Sean went out to the pool, so I didn't know what they did. After they were done, Reneé and Melanie went home. Charlotte, Alice, Sean and Shasta stayed and we all had pizza around the pool. It had been a good day.

******

JULIA

The first thing I wanted to do after eating was try the e-stim device on my sister slaves. While we were still outside, I tried it first on Rhonda as she needed a quick nap before going to work. Master told her we were all supposed to use it for about a half hour every day, but use our own judgment. I took control of the remote for Rhonda, since she was my slave. She liked the third pattern on the vibrations, so that was the one I used when I started the e-stim. 

She shook as badly as I had when I turned it on. It reminded me of cartoons of people being electrocuted. It wasn't that bad, but you couldn't stop shaking. Rhonda climaxed at every e-stim level but it wasn't until I got all the way up to five before Rhonda squirted too. It shot out four to five feet.

"Holy cow," Rhonda said, still shaking after I'd turned it off. "That was fucking intense. I can see why it's good for the Kegel's. It almost feels as if they just cramped."

"I know." I started licking my slave to clean the fluids from her cunt and legs.

"I want to try it," Lisa said when I was done.

I inserted it in my sister slave and handed her the remote. "Since we're supposed to do ourselves every day; you might as well learn to do yourself. Find your favorite vibration pattern first."

Lisa liked pattern four. I thought it was interesting we all liked different vibrations. When she turned on the e-stim, she went through all five levels without squirting. She did orgasm, so it wasn't that she was unaffected by the electronic stimulation. I asked her to try it with different vibration patterns and level five e-stim. Still didn't squirt.

"Guess I'm not a squirter," Lisa said.

"You might be too dehydrated," Master said. "Climaxed too much earlier. Try it again after a full day of drinking fluids and without cumming first. It was the first time Julia and Rhonda climaxed after a period of abstinence."

"You might be right, sir," I said. "I'm going to try it on myself again. I've cum often since I squirted."

I removed the device from Lisa's pussy and put it in my own. I moved it up to my vibration pattern and started the electronic stimulation, going from one all the way to five. I finally did squirt again, but it wasn't nearly as much as the first time. Maybe six inches and a small amount of fluid. I did it for fifteen minutes, but that was it.

"It may be a function of hydration. It wasn't nearly as much as I did the first time."

"Well, whether Lisa squirts or not, we definitely know it can't be done on the bed, or on any carpet. Hard surfaces only."

"Do you think you'd be shocked if we turned it on while you were fucking our ass?" I asked.

"Are you trying to discourage me from ass fucking?" Master asked, laughing.

"Never. Just want to know. If we're contracting our Kegel's as it's zapping us, it would be enjoyable fucking us, wouldn't it?"

He laughed again. "I supposed we can try it sometime. At least we'll know."

Rhonda went to sleep after. Master took us to bed and fucked us both before falling asleep, depositing his cum in Lisa.

******

Our furniture business might be taking a day off on Monday, but Master had to work. Lisa and I sucked his cock before he left for work, and I was lucky enough to collect his gift. I was the first one to go to the clinic on Monday morning, having an appointment at nine AM. Lisa's was at three PM, so she was looking after Lucas until I got home. It also left me with the time to see Mistress Dark after.

When they lasered my pubic hair off, there was a slight burning sensation, similar to the heat I'd feel if Master was whipping my mons. They warned me again blonde hair didn't do as well as darker hair. They said I should come back in two months and they'd do another treatment, and said I might have to do it about once a year after to go for the smooth look I was hoping for. I made the next appointment before I left. 

I called Mistress Dark and asked if I could stop by and see her right now. She said she'd be happy to spend a little time with me though she expected to use me when I was there. I didn't mind being used, so agreed to her terms. Rose greeted me at the door with a kiss and led me back to the dungeon. Mistress Dark currently had one male and two female slaves in training. The male was currently licking MD's cunt while Slut fucked his ass with a strap on. He was learning how to ignore what happened to him while paying attention to her pussy. He seemed to be doing fairly well, so I assumed it wasn't the first time he'd done it.

She was seated in a chair, so I bent over and kissed her.

"Ah, slave. I've missed you. You're one of my favorite trainees."

"Thank you, Mistress."

"What is the purpose of your visit today?"

"I wanted to inform you we were getting ready to open our own website in the next week or two. We spent the last couple days doing video's and photos demonstrating all of our current products and a large number of yours. It should be very stimulating to the average viewer. We'll promote your business with links to your site and Brianna's baubles with our jewelry and links to them. Also, we're selling part of our manufacturing to William Thornhill for them to be built at some of his furniture factories. We're only going to keep king size and larger bed frames. He's going to take 20% for shipping and handling our frames, and give us 10% on every one of our products he sells. We anticipate profits 50% higher than we're currently making in a year, with less work on our part.

"We're going to lose Janet to maternity leave, Reneé to her honeymoon, and possible pregnancy at some point. Lisa is trying to get pregnant and we were two to three weeks behind in our orders even without that. It was hard for anyone to take a vacation or time off. Just the beds should keep us busy enough we might even be able to get ahead a little.

"We're hoping the cross promotion will help drive your business up as well. Almost all of the videos and photos we took of naked slaves featured one of your products. It's practically pornographic. As soon as the site is ready, I'll have Sean send you a link so you can take a look at it."

"Thank you, dear. I appreciate it." She spoke to the man licking her cunt. "You can stop now. This woman will be taking over for you. You did well. Slut will help you cum now."

"Yes, Mistress," he said. 

Slut and he left, and I took his place in front of Mistress Dark. 

"Show me you haven't forgotten how to seduce me," MD said.

"Yes, Mistress," I replied. 

I spent the next twenty minutes showing MD I hadn't forgotten anything. It was ten minutes before I made her cum, and she came four more times in the next ten.

"That was excellent, slave. Rose, I think you should enjoy this slave's mouth. She's gotten quite good."

"I would love that, Mistress, though I would also like to sample her as well."

"You whore," MD said affectionately.

"Yes, Mistress."

"If I were to die suddenly, you'd gladly submit to Julia, wouldn't you?"

"Probably, Mistress. Slut would probably prefer someone harsher, but I'd happily submit to Julia."

"Go and use my bedroom. No more than thirty minutes, and don't leave a mess behind you."

"Yes, Mistress."

Rose took my hand and led me to Mistress Dark's bedroom. We spent a lovely twenty-five minutes with our mouth's plastered to one another's pussies. 

Before our time was up, we'd remade the bed.

"I hope we'll still be able to see one another after you start your own website," Rose said, kissing and licking some of the cum off my face. We started back to the dungeon.

"I'll make sure Master invites your Mistress over on occasion for supper and games," I said. "We've relaxed our rules somewhat. If Mistress wanted to fuck our Master, it's now permitted. We get to fuck other men again now."

"She doesn't much fuck cocks unless they're subservient to her."

"Too bad. Master is an excellent lover."

"I know," Rose said. "I wouldn't even mind fucking him if I submitted to you."

I kissed her again. "You're a lovely little slave. It was worth the pain and trouble turning you into my slut."

"Thank you."

I took my leave. When I left, Rose was pleasuring MD in return for getting to spend time with me.

******

When I got home, Lisa and I ate lunch and fed Lucas. Since we had some time before Lisa needed to leave for her laser appointment, we tried the Impulse e-stim device again out on the patio. I lay down on one of the lounges and inserted the device in my cunt. I squirted again, somewhat lightly, on the fourth level. I'd cum often on Rose's tongue, so I shouldn't be surprised it wasn't as much as my first. 

Lisa hadn't cum at all today, so I was hoping she'd squirt today. It was a strange sensation. At the highest stimulation level, you couldn't say she squirt really, since all it did was dribble out of her cunt, but it was voluminous. 

"I guess I'm not much of squirter," Lisa said.

"Perhaps not," I said. "Wendy squirts from ass play. Maybe we should fuck your ass at the same time you're getting stimulated."

"What if it shocks Master?" Lisa asked.

"We don't have to use a real cock. If it shocks him, we'll use a strap-on. Just as long as you're getting fucked at the time."

"It's not necessary I squirt. I have great orgasms anyway."

"I know. But it would be nice if it would happen just once. It's pretty wild."

She kissed me. "I'm going to shower and go."

******

We started to get photos and video's from Sean around two in the afternoon. Lisa said she'd look at hers when she got back. I started looking at the ones for me. I had so little modesty left I didn't care what a photo or video showed. I tried to look at them from the point of view of a company owner. I didn't care if there was skin showing or I orgasmed, but it needed to be in the process of showing or demonstrating the products, and not strictly a porno website. As a result, I usually looked for things showing the products initial use, cutting ahead to the look on my face when I climaxed and not everything in between. It cut out a lot of the most egregious sex and fucking,. It wasn't supposed to be a porn site, but a furniture site. It was just a sexy business selling sex related products.

Rhonda got up at five and we started making supper. 

"When do you go back to the Laser Clinic?" I asked her.

"Not until Friday, Domina. It was the only day I can go without fucking up my sleep."

"Any idea when you can get a day shift?"

"Probably when someone who has it now gets promoted out of it, Domina."

"It would be nice if you got to sleep with us every night."

"Yes, it would, Domina." She kissed me.

Lisa got back around five-thirty. I checked out her cunt to see how well the laser had done removing her pubes. 

"Does it burn a little?" I asked.

"A little. Not bad."

I licked her a few times, to test the smoothness.

"Nice and smooth."

"You can't stop before I cum," she moaned.

"We're making supper. I'll make sure you cum later." She groaned. I didn't blame her. 

When Lucas started getting hungry, she took over so I could give him some milk.

When Master got home, he took a fast shower before joining us. I was done breast feeding Lucas, so Master fed him his other food and changed his diaper. We put him his playpen while we ate. He fed Lisa while I fed Rhonda. 

I told them what happened at Mistress Dark's when I spoke to her. Master laughed when he heard how I'd had to lick Mistress Dark and spent some time with Rose. I told them Rose had said she'd request submission to me if something ever happened to MD. 

"You're hoping to fuck me to death, aren't you?" Master asked.

"No, Master. She's more lesbian than heterosexual. I'm hoping I get fucked to death. It may not happen, but I'd like to die trying." 

He laughed. 

I gave Rhonda three quick orgasms finger fucking her after supper. We all shared the clean up, then I told Rhonda to go onto the patio and use the Impulse for a half hour while the rest of us looked at the stuff Sean sent over. 

The three of us sat on the couch and went through everything. I explained the reasons I'd chosen the way I had when I looked through them previously. Master tended to agree with me. He went through it the same way. It took us a couple hours, but we eventually had the things we could all agree with. We sent them to Sean and said as far as we were concerned, these items could go in the website, but we also wanted to check over anything else the other participants approved to see if it met the needs of the website in addition to meeting their approval. Sean said he'd make sure anything anyone else okayed made it us for our overall approval. He hadn't heard back from anyone other than Alice yet. I said he could wait until tomorrow to show us what Alice had approved. 

Rhonda had joined us after using the Impulse, watching over our shoulders. She admitted she'd squirted again while using it. We showed everything we'd done the last couple days to Rhonda, even the stuff we weren't keeping.

"This stuff is so hot," she said as she went through it. "I wish I could have participated."

"I do too. The only person of color was a Mistress," I said. "It would have been nice being more culturally diverse, but better a black Mistress than a black slave. That would have been worse."

Rhonda laughed. "Oh, definitely, Domina."

"Do you feel odd being a sex slave to a white woman?"

"You've never treated me or Shasta differently because we weren't white, Domina. I consider you to be essentially color blind. I'm a slave and Shasta is a Mistress and you treat us both as what we are. I have no problem being your submissive. You've even treated my sister as an equal. You never looked down on Lucia either. Everyone here treated her with the respect she deserved. I've never regretted being your sex slave."

"I'm glad. Now, please lick my pussy, slave." I spread my legs.

Rhonda laughed. "Happily, Domina." 

She came round the front of the couch and started lapping at my folds. Lisa started sucking Master and was soon riding his cock. After a few minutes, I got on the floor to get into a sixty-nine with my slave so I could taste her as well. After lying on the floor for a few minutes, I convinced the others to retire to our bed. Nothing like fucking in comfort. After Master climaxed in Lisa, she sucked him back to an erection so he could fuck me. He did so while my slave and I lapped each other's cunts. I had a half dozen orgasms before Master sent his seed deep up my pussy. After, I gave Lisa the tongue lashing I'd promised her when she got back from her laser hair removal. I considered my life to be the best it could possibly be.

******

We quit work early on Tuesday to go through everyone's photos and videos. Other than having a couple items for our own enjoyment, we came to agreement over what to include on the website after spending a couple hours going over the photos and videos with the other participants. Janet went home early, although she watched a few things for fun. Bill had approved those things which had Evelyn in them earlier today. We only modified those to fit the overall use, showing less instead of more. Sean said he'd have the website ready for public consumption in a couple days. He'd send it to William first for his approval.

After supper, we three slaves used the Impulse again, toning our Kegel's. Rhonda and I squirted, as we had before. We had Master try fucking Lisa's ass when she underwent electronic stimulation. He was shocked, which ruined a perfectly good erection. It was just too close to the charge. I sucked him after to make up for it. 

******

On Wednesday morning, Lucia went into labor. Bill sent his LA helicopter to pick up Master so he could go for the birth of his child. He had just enough time to throw a few things together before he had to leave for the airport. Master and Brianna were there for the delivery at three AM on Thursday morning. It was a healthy baby girl, seven pounds, thirteen ounces. She was named Maria, after Lucia's mother. Master had to rent a car while he was there.

Her delivery threw a wrench in the works. Master just stayed in LA. Jerry was getting married on Saturday, so Master let him go home Thursday to prepare. Master stayed in LA on Thursday and Friday, working the afternoon on Thursday and coming home after a full day on Friday. Jerry would be going on a two week honeymoon with his new bride to Hawaii, so Master would need to stay in LA for the next two weeks. Master came back Friday to attend the wedding on Saturday, but needed to go back on Sunday and planned to work straight through the following weekend until Jerry was back. Reneé didn't work on Thursday or Friday for the same reason; her wedding on Saturday. Lot's of last minute preparations to be done.

Needless to say, the Friday night poker game was cancelled. 

Friday, Rhonda lost her pubic hair at the laser clinic. All three of us had bald cunts again. Quite a bit of pussy licking took place Friday evening. Master going for some too when he got home. He was definitely better than he had been.

The wedding on Saturday afternoon was beautiful. It was held at Reneé's family Methodist church. His poker buddies were seated on Jerry's side, because we'd known him longer than we'd known Reneé. Reneé was gorgeous in a pearl white, slinky silk dress which was perfect for her slim figure. As a slave, she didn't have underthings below her slip, which a lucky few people saw when Jerry removed her garter at the reception, none of them members of her family. 

The reception was held at Regina's country club. Regina had helped arrange it when they were looking for a place to hold the reception. I'm sure it was the most black people who'd ever been there at one time. William and Evelyn were surprise guests at the reception. William gave them $10,000 as a wedding present, though he asked them to keep it secret. It might be enough to pay for most of their honeymoon

The slaves didn't dress as slutty as we normally would. The day was Reneé's and we didn't want to detract from her in any way. All the women I knew danced with Jerry and all the men danced with Reneé. I realized Reneé had sucked the cocks of most of the men we knew who were attending. Probably fucked a number of them too, going back to Memorial Day. Of course, so had Lisa and I. Rhonda had sucked most of the knobs. What can you expect from sex slaves anyway? 

Bill and Evelyn stayed at our house again on Saturday night. We signed the paperwork on Sunday which transferred much of our furniture business to him. Sean showed him our new website on Sunday, and by Tuesday, it went live. While the site would be maintained and administered by Bill's IT department, it wasn't under the same corporate umbrella. It was just too fucking sexy to be put in with his other businesses. Master got to ride back to LA in Bill's helicopter, while Robert drove his truck to LA. It allowed Master to stay a couple extra hours and fuck all of his slaves once more before he left.

Since Jerry wasn't going to be free to look after things in Fresno while Master was in LA, Master arranged for Shasta and I to stop by most of his job sites during the two weeks he'd be gone to make sure work was getting done. Shasta went because she knew what to look for. I went as a representative of Master's business. Chen helped some too as he was scheduled in at certain times at each house and he made sure they were ready for him. It was a good thing we were giving up some of our business, because we were three people down for much of the next two weeks.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
We talked to him every day so we could update him on his business and how we were doing. For fucking, we had each other, of course, though Sean also got to fuck one of us each day on work days. Master arranged it with Shasta. On the weekend he stayed in LA, Master's parents came on Saturday to ensure we each had a nice cock to play with. Dan spanked all three of us too, just on general principles, not because we weren't pleasing. On Sunday, Chen and Janet came over for the day. Chen was always a good lover and Janet didn't mind us licking her cunt either.

Master didn't have someone every night, but he got to spend some time with Zoe and Dawn, and once with Evelyn again, sharing her with Bill on Saturday night after a nice dinner out. He even got to spend some time with Cindy, though Zoe was with to make sure he didn't commit incest according to California law.

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 67|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-67|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<i>This chapter has the girls inviting Becky, a pizza delivery girl, to stay for fun and games. She enjoys it and having carpentry skills, agrees to go to work for their company. It contains, oral, lesbian, interracial sex, and sex toy sex.</i>

<b>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 67 - Becky, Pt 1</b>

JULIA

We didn't have sex with anyone new except Becky. On a Wednesday night, during Master's second week of absence, not feeling ambitious enough to cook, we decided to order pizza. I remembered the interest Becky had shown when she delivered pizza while Wendy and her dates were over. I checked with Master before ordering. He laughed and said we could seduce Becky if we wanted to. 

I called the pizza place and asked if Becky was working. The order taker said she was about to go home, she'd already worked two hours past her shift when someone else had babysitter problems. 

"Could I speak to her for just a second," I asked, "pretty please."

"Hold on a minute. Becky," he shouted, "quick phone call for you." He set the phone down.

A few seconds later, the phone was picked up. "Becky here."

"Becky, I'm sorry to bother you but do you remember the house you delivered five pizzas to a few weeks ago where a naked woman answered the door?"

"Yeessss," drawing it out, wondering where I was going.

"This is the naked woman calling and I was wondering if I could convince you to make one more pizza delivery on your way home. The tip would be substantial."

Dead silence except for background noise for fifteen or twenty seconds; the only way I knew she hadn't hung up.

"What are we talking about here, really?" Becky finally asked.

"Three pizzas, including whatever you'd like on one and a fifty dollar tip. You don't need to do anything else, but I was thinking you might like some wine with your pizza, maybe a soak in a hot tub after a long day of work."

"Are you suggesting there might be sex involved?" 

"Only if you want, but sex would be nice."

"With who?"

"Well, there are no men here tonight, so if it was a man you wanted to have sex with, we can't help you. There are three women here who would love sex with a cute woman such as yourself."

"I can't believe I'm saying this, but I'll deliver three pizzas. I won't promise more than a delivery though."

"I wouldn't expect you to. If it makes you a little more comfortable, one of the women here is a police officer."

"What do you want to order?"

"A pepperoni with extra cheese and a supreme, plus whatever you'd like to eat."

I gave her all three of our names, address, and credit card information and told her to tell her manager she was going to call him in an hour after she left to let him know she was okay since it was her last delivery of the night.

Forty minutes later, Becky knocked on our door. Since I was the one who'd answered previously and she knew what I looked like, I answered the door again. Of course, I was naked. I took the three pizzas from her and gave her $50. She looked around and saw only me, Lisa and Rhonda, plus Lisa was holding Lucas. The only clothes among us was on Lucas. We had all of our slave gear on.

"Becky, we need to close the door. I'm standing here naked."

Becky closed the door, though she kept her hand on the door knob, ready to bolt if need be. I set the pizza down.

"Do you always answer the door naked?" Becky asked.

"If there are others at home. Not if I'm alone."

"Is this like some mini commune or something."

"Not a commune, no, though perhaps as strange as one," I replied. "My name is Julia, the one holding the baby is Lisa and Rhonda is the third one. She's the police officer I mentioned."

"Where are the others who were here the last time I came?"

"My husband is in LA and won't be back until this Friday. The others who were here last time were Rhonda's sister and her two dates. They were just visiting."

"Two dates?"

"A boy and a girl, she likes both sexes."

"So it's just you three here?"

"Plus the baby, yes. We're hungry and would like to start eating. Do you feel safe enough to join us, or would you like to go?"

"I don't have to strip?"

"Only if you feel comfortable doing so. We won't attack you, regardless. We're civilized despite our lack of attire."

Becky finally released the door knob and edged her way into the living room. 

"We'd like to eat in here," I said. "I'll get some plates and silverware. Would you like anything to drink?"

She hesitated, thinking. 

"I'm not going to roofie you," I said. "I'll bring you a can of pop and you can open it yourself, though I'm having wine. Lisa is trying to get pregnant and Rhonda has to go to work at midnight, so they'll have Diet Coke."

"Are you really a police officer?" She asked Rhonda.

"Yes, would you like to see my badge?" Rhonda replied.

"Please."

Rhonda smiled, got up and went upstairs for her badge, still pinned to her uniform.

Becky relaxed some more. "I'll have some wine too."

"Two wines, two Diet Cokes, coming up."

I brought out the plates and silverware first, so people could start eating, plus napkins for everyone. Then I went back in the kitchen, poured two glasses of wine and brought two cans out.

"So what's the deal with you three?" Becky asked, "and why did you ask for me?"

"When you delivered last time, you were surprised, obviously, when I answered the door naked, but your attention seemed riveted on my pussy and I wondered if it was my slave jewelry or girls in general you were interested in?"

"Slave jewelry?"

"That's where the strange part comes in. Both Lisa and I are voluntary, and I emphasize the voluntary part of it; sex slaves to my husband, our Master. We wear his collar and his ankle and wrist cuffs, plus jewelry and tattoos on our pussies identifying us as belonging to him. Rhonda is my voluntary sex slave. She's wearing my collar and jewelry, though she also must submit to my Master as my slave. If it wasn't the jewelry you were interested in, I thought perhaps it was women."

"Well, both, to be honest. I know some women have piercings down there, but I'd never seen such obvious ones before, and though I've never been with a woman, I've wondered what it would be like, so it was kind of a twofer."

We laughed. "Not surprising," Lisa said. "Obviously, as sex slaves, my friends and I are interested in sex. Julia and I are primarily interested in any kind of sex. Rhonda is mostly interested in sex with women. When Julia noticed your interest, you were kind of added to the list of people we might like to invite back in the future to see if it would go any further than mere curiosity. When we decided we didn't want to cook this evening, we thought of you and pizza. Julia asked our Master if we could have sex with you if you were interested. He said he had no objection."

"Do you always ask for his permission to have sex?"

"If we didn't," I said, "we'd be nothing more than nymphomaniac cheaters. The only ones I'm allowed to have sex with without his permission are my sister slaves."

"What do you mean when you say you're a voluntary sex slave?"

"It means I'm always available to have sex with him. We all are, any time or any way he wants to have sex, from sucking his cock to fucking him or anyone else he wants or allows us to fuck. We're naked around the house. When we leave, we don't wear undergarments or pants, anything which restricts his access to having sex with us. I'm always prepared to have sex. I'm wet constantly. He can shove his cock in me anytime he wants and I'm ready for him. He's in control of our sex, from when we're allowed to have it, to whether we're allowed to cum if we do. We're punished if we don't follow his rules."

"It sounds harsh."

"To someone normal, it may be harsh, but I've never been happier in my life than I am now."

"How long have you been married?"

"Eleven years. Thirteen months a slave. Lisa was my next door neighbor. She became a slave about the same time because she saw how happy I was. Rhonda joined us later. We consider ourselves to be a family now."

"Whose baby is it?" Becky asked.

"Julia's," Lisa responded. "I'm trying to have one now."

She looked at Rhonda. "I'll have one when I desire to have one. For now, I'm too invested in work."

"The police department doesn't care if you're a sex slave, voluntary or not?"

"I don't advertise my submission. I remove my collar, cuffs and all but bars in my nipples and the tiny hoop on my pussy before I go to work. They know I'm a lesbian. I get enough grief over that."

"So, Becky. You know our story. Are you interested in seeing if you enjoy sex with women, or are you going to stick with only pizza delivery today?"

"If I were interested, what would I have to do?"

"You don't have to do anything you don't want to do. We're not rapists who will force you to do anything. You may do as little or as much as you want. If all you want to do is kiss, we'll kiss as long as you want. If you want someone to lick you, we'll do that. If you want to lick someone else, we're ready for that as well."

"Let me think about it."

"Think as long as you wish. I'm going to put Lucas to bed," Lisa said. 

She stood up and took Lucas to the nursery. 

"I feel rank," Becky said. "I put in seven hours today and it was hot and the A/C in my car doesn't work very well."

"You can take a shower if you wish," Rhonda said, "or use the pool or hot tub if all you want is to rinse off."

"I don't have a swimsuit," Becky said.

"Do you think anyone cares if you're wearing a suit or not," I said, smiling. "Though if you want one, I'm sure Lisa would have one that fit you."

She thought about it for awhile. We weren't going to pressure her one way or the other. 

"Maybe the hot tub," she finally said. "It sounds relaxing."

"Can I get you another glass of wine?" I asked.

"Please." She handed me her glass. 

"Becky, you may wish to call your manager and let him know you're all right. Rhonda, please take our guest to the hot tub," I said. "I'll get you another Diet Coke."

I put away the rest of the pizza while Becky made a fast call. Rhonda led Becky to the hot tub as I poured more wine for the two drinking it and got another Diet Coke for Rhonda. When I got out to the patio, Becky's clothes were on one of the chairs and she was immersed in water up to her neck. Rhonda was seated on the opposite side of the tub. I handed everyone their drinks and sat beside my slave, kissing her when I got in. Lisa came out with the baby monitor and got in with us, sitting fairly close to us, no one pressing Becky overtly.

She drank about half of her second glass as we talked about some things, getting to know one another a little better. Becky gradually sat a little straighter so the tops of her breasts to her nipples were visible.

"Is it possible someone could stand and show me your slave jewelry."

Lisa stood up and Becky asked her to get closer. When Lisa was standing about a foot away with her cunt at Becky's eye level, Becky traced a finger over Lisa's tattoo. 

"This is lovely."

"I designed it for my sister slave and I," Lisa said.

Becky took hold of Lisa's slave emblem and read it. Before she released it, Lisa turned it on so it was shining, along with the collar on her neck. 

"So it can be read more clearly if needed in the dark," Lisa informed her.

Becky touched Lisa's hood piercing. 

"Does this go through your clit?"

"Just above it, so it rubs against it. The little weights bounce and make it almost vibrate."

"I've heard piercings like this make you very horny," Becky said.

"It does. I can climax four or five times a day, just by moving around briskly."

"Isn't that distracting?"

"I'm a sex slave. I've been trained to ignore distractions such as orgasms."

Becky released the piercing. She was silent for several seconds. She finished off her glass of wine in one last swallow.

"Could I just kiss someone?" She asked.

"Who would you like to kiss?" Lisa asked.

"Anyone. I don't care at this point."

Lisa sat down beside her. "I'll kiss you back, but I'm not going to hold you or grope you," Lisa said. "Go at your own pace. If you want me to put my hands on you, ask."

"Okay."

Becky leaned over and kissed Lisa. Lisa returned the kiss, but left her hands at her sides, letting Becky have control. Since they were otherwise engaged, Rhonda and I started kissing, but we were more handsy. I actually gave Rhonda an orgasm with my fingers before I saw Becky reach over and touch Lisa's breast, fingering her nipple piercing. Lisa moaned like the slut she was. Becky's hands started doing a more thorough exploration of Lisa's body. Other than the movements she made in response to Becky's wandering hands, Lisa kept still, though I could see her hands were itching to do some exploring of their own.

"Touch me," Becky whispered.

"I thought you'd never ask," Lisa responded, turning towards her and reaching for a peaked nipple. 

Their hands were seeking the hidden parts now, both of them gasping when they found what they were looking for. Becky moaned loudly when she orgasmed, panting as they kissed. Lisa climaxed shortly after.

"No offense, Lisa, but can I see what it's like with someone else?" Becky said after Lisa climaxed.

"None taken," Lisa said, exchanging places with Rhonda. 

Rhonda didn't have to leave her hands at her sides. Becky was all over the kissing and touching thing. Lisa and I kept each other company as they played. Rhonda was very good with her hands. Becky climaxed twice before Rhonda did.

"It's nicer than I imagined," Becky said. "I like it a lot."

"Would you like your pussy licked now?" I asked.

"Who's the best?" Becky asked.

"Rhonda is definitely the best," Lisa answered. "She's been doing it longer than Julia or I, but we're all pretty good. We lick each other a lot."

"Could we get in bed?"

"Of course," I said. 

I got out and handed her a towel. She climbed out, less shy now she'd played a little, climaxing three times. Becky was somewhat slim, C cup breasts with perky puckered nipples, a narrow waist, widening to nice hips. Her thighs were slightly thick, probably from sitting in a car all day, but not bad. She had nothing to be ashamed of. She had a trimmed brown thatch of hair over her cunt. Her labia were swollen after her orgasms, puffy with arousal, especially knowing more was coming her way. Her clit was peeking out, barely visible in her folds.

The rest of us dried off as well. I grabbed the baby monitor and her hand and led her to our bedroom. Rhonda brought her clothes. 

"Isn't it going to be a bit crowded in the bed if all four of us are in it?" Becky asked.

"No," I said, pushing the door open. "We have plenty of room."

"Holy shit!" Becky said. "That bed is almost as big as my room."

"How big is your room?"

"Ten by ten."

"The bed is nine by nine, so yeah, almost as big. We frequently have four sleeping in it, sometimes more for fucking, so we want a big bed."

"Criminy." 

"So who do you want first. Do you want to start with the best or work your way up to the best?"

"Work my way to it and since I haven't been with you yet, may I please start with you?"

"Of course," I said. "Lie down and get comfortable." She lay down, though she wasn't quite bold enough to spread her legs. "Do you want to start with some foreplay or get right to it."

"I've already had the foreplay. Just go ahead and do it."

"You might want to spread your legs then," I said.

She spread her feet about two feet apart. Far enough. I got on the bed between her legs. Lisa and Rhonda got beside us and went straight for a sixty-nine. Since I wanted to give her a good experience, I did the slow seduction, teasing her. By the time the seduction part was finished, she was thrusting her cunt at me, hoping I'd bring her over the edge. Her legs were a lot wider, inviting me in. I still didn't go for her clit, teasing the outer layers of her pussy first. 

Five more minutes of that and she was whimpering at me to let her cum. I inserted the two middle fingers of my hand into her damp arousal, not yet finger fucking, but letting her feel the spreading of her pubic lips as they went in. I slowly stroked her g-spot as I finally began licking around her clit. I hoped she wasn't a squirter.

"Oh, fuck!" Becky moaned. "That feels so good."

Her hips were thrusting against my hand, arching against my mouth. I pulled back her clitoral hood, exposing most of the tiny spike and sucked on it while flicking my tongue over the tip.

"Aauuggghhhh," she groaned, "I'm cumming."

I knew she was cumming. Her cunt was clamped on my fingers, her pussy palpitating as the waves of ecstasy from her release flowed through her. My fingers were inundated with more fluids leaking from her pussy. I lapped at them, trying not to let any escape. It took almost two minutes before her trembling started to ease.

She was panting, a hand thrown over her face, breathing hard.

"Are you sure you're not the best?" Becky asked.

"Pretty sure. I took my time to give you a nice build up, but Rhonda can make you cum faster than I can, all things being equal."

"Can someone do that again. Faster this time."

"Of course. Lisa, it's your turn again."

Lisa went between her legs and while she worked on her cunt, I kissed Becky, letting her taste herself before I lowered my head over her breasts and sucked and licked her nipples. Becky climaxed four more times in the next ten minutes. She was still shaking after the last one.

"And I still haven't experienced the best pussy licker?" She moaned.

"Not yet," Lisa said, her face covered in Becky's juices.

She looked at Rhonda. "How can this get any better?"

"Would you like to find out?" Rhonda said, smiling.

"Please."

Rhonda only made Becky cum three times during her ten minutes, but I think the last one lasted for four of those minutes. Becky's screaming woke Lucas up.

"I'm sorry," she groaned. "I didn't mean to wake him up."

"It's okay," I replied, laughing. "He normally gets fed around eleven anyway. He's just a little early." 

I got out of bed to get him.

"You were right. Rhonda was the best. I'm sorry I doubted your word."

Becky was still shaking a little when I returned, breast feeding him. She'd pulled a sheet over her body, somewhat carelessly, but still covering what mattered.

"I feel guilty," Becky said.

"Why?" Lisa asked.

"Because you three gave me so much pleasure and I haven't done anything in return, you know, except some fingering in the hot tub."

"While we would appreciate any kindness you would be willing to bestow," I said, "it's not necessary. Sex slaves exist to serve the pleasures of others. We have each other to provide sexual comfort. I don't expect someone who's never done anything like this before to leap in and lick my cunt."

"I'm exhausted. I've cum eleven times since I got here."

"Fun, isn't it," Rhonda laughed. "I need to shower and get ready for work. It was a pleasure meeting you, Becky. I've enjoyed myself."

She got up and went upstairs to get ready. She usually left around 11:15.

"Do you need to go anywhere? Is anyone expecting you?" Lisa asked.

"No. My neighbor fed my cat when I didn't come home at the normal time from work."

"Would you like to stay the night?" Lisa asked. "We have plenty of room in the bed. It's just the two of us tonight."

"Do you mind?" Becky asked me.

"Not at all. We have to get up at 6:30 to get ready for work, but you're welcome to stay until you want to leave."

"What do you do?" Becky asked. 

"We build bondage furniture here at the house in the basement. We'll have six people wandering in her between 7:30 and 8:00. One of them's a man," I said, "if it makes any difference to you. They all work naked, but we can have the male stay dressed until he goes downstairs."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"Are they sex slaves, too?"

"Only one of the women, currently around six months pregnant, and the man. One of the women is a Mistress to the man. The others are just workers who like working naked because we keep the house warm for ourselves. There is another female slave, but she's on her honeymoon this week."

She thought for a moment. "I am exhausted, if you don't mind."

"Another warm, naked body to snuggle up to," Lisa said. "Who minds that?"

Becky was asleep in the middle of the bed before Lucas was done feeding. Lisa and I got on either side of her and went to sleep ourselves. I hadn't cum yet, but I still felt pretty good. Around two AM I felt someone's arms around me and two lips kissing mine. 

"Lisa," I whispered.

"No, Becky," she replied. "Lisa's asleep."

Kissing soon turned to touching and touching to stroking and then Becky whispered she wanted to lick me. Who was I to deny the poor girl. I turned end over end and settled my face between her legs. I started licking her. It took a few minutes before I felt her start to kiss my pussy, but it wasn't long before her tongue was trying to copy mine. She climaxed three times before I felt myself surrendering to her. I tried to keep the noise down, being largely successful, but Lisa woke up anyway, as much from our movements as our noise, and soon it was them nuzzling molten flesh while I went back to sleep, their moaning whimpers music to soothe my soul.

******

I woke up before my alarm went off with Becky between my legs, licking me. I caressed her face, her hair, letting her know how much I appreciated the efforts of her slick tongue slithering between my folds. It didn't take as long this morning as last night. After I orgasmed, I pulled her up so I could kiss her. We lay together gently stroking the other's body, not seeking pleasure, merely comfort. 

"I really should get going," she whispered. "I need to sleep a little more, feed my cat, shower the sex stink off me and go to work by eleven."

"We enjoyed your company," I whispered back. "Your clothes are on the chair over there," pointing to where Rhonda had placed them. "If you could dress in the living room so you don't waken Lisa, I'd appreciate it."

She hesitated. 

"Can I come back tonight after work?"

I slipped out of bed and grabbed her clothes and her hand, going out into the living room and closing the door behind me. 

"I would have to ask my Master first," I answered, "but he usually has no problem with us fucking other women, so I'm reasonably confident he would have no problem with it. I would still need to contact you with an answer. I need you to text me your phone number and other information." I gave her my number and she sent me her v-card. "What time should we expect you if we get approval?"

"I'm supposed to get off at five again. If someone else has problems, I'll tell my manager I have a date tonight and to get someone else."

"So you think you'd be here around six?"

"Pretty close. I still have to feed the cat."

"We'll hold supper for you then. So I take it you enjoyed having sex with women?"

She kissed me. "I enjoyed it a lot. More even than I thought I would."

"We can talk about that tonight. You have to realize this cannot be a full time thing. I belong to my Master. I'm not, nor can any of my friends be, your girlfriend. You were cute and we had fun."

"I know, but I wouldn't mind a little of the same fun again tonight."

"I'll text you with my answer. It may take awhile. Master is busy and he can't always answer me right away."

"Thank you." She kissed me again, then dressed and left. I went back to bed to get what sleep I could.

******

I sent Master a text when I got up telling him we'd been successful in having sex with Becky, and she wanted to know if she could come again tonight.

He called me shortly after.

"You know we don't need any more sex slaves or even girlfriends running around. It's exhausting giving you all the sexual attention you want and need."

"I know, Master. I've told her none of us could be her girlfriend. She just wants another night of pleasure and you won't be here until tomorrow. Are you even going to be back for the poker game?"

"No, it's already been cancelled. Jerry wouldn't be there, Dad can't make it, and I'll probably be running late."

"So maybe just the one more night, though I think you'd love fucking her, sir. She's very cute."

"I'm sure I'd love fucking her. I love fucking everyone, but there are limits, even for an expert fucker such as myself. Do you even know if she's interested in fucking men?"

"Well, she'd never done it with women before and she's twenty-four, Master. I doubt she was a virgin."

"I'll talk to you later, but let's just say one more night for now."

"Yes, sir. Thank you, sir."

I let Becky know she could come back tonight.

******

Shasta and I worked on our furniture until after the cum break, what normal people would call lunch. Then we had to dress and go check Master's building sites again. I hated wearing clothes anymore. I very seldom had to wear them. Lisa and I had let our gym membership lapse as we could swim, do yoga, kickboxing, and Rhonda had us doing some martial arts, though it was limited with a small mat. We'd purchased one stationary bike which we could take turns on and there was always the fucking, which turns out is a great cardio exercise. Without worrying about gym class, about the only time I wasn't naked was in a car traveling between places I would be naked, and shopping, though that got split between us. Rhonda did most of it on her way home from work when she was already dressed.

Worse yet, I had to put on jeans and a safety helmet. It was not only a safety issue, but Shasta said I couldn't go around flashing my cooze to a bunch of construction assholes; her words, not mine. Wearing jeans, I had to jam all my cunt jewelry into underwear, because jeans rubbing against your bare crotch is a nightmare.

"Some of those fuckers aren't particularly nice," Shasta said. "Scott tries to hire the best of the bunch, but has to ride herd on them when women are present. You give them an inch and they take a mile. It's like none of them ever had a mother or sister the way they treat women. Those from the other construction companies are worse. Don't entice the bastards. You could end up getting raped again."

I would be so happy when I didn't have to do this. We went from job to job until 4:30 when we started home. As soon as I got home, I got naked. Shasta went downstairs to check on the progress everyone made while we were gone while I started supper with Rhonda. Lisa was feeding Lucas. Sean had continued working until Shasta got back so he came up with Shasta when she was done checking.

"Don't look like no one slacked while I was gone," Shasta said.

"Did you think I'd let them, Mistress?" Lisa asked petulantly. "I started the company with Julia."

"Are you sassing me, slave? You want to lick my cunt til your tongue falls off?"

"No, Mistress. I apologize."

"That's better. I know you started the company, but you put me in charge and I like to make sure. You not getting enough sex? Is that why you're so cranky."

"I only climaxed about eight times yesterday, Mistress."

"It's Sean's turn to fuck you, so why don't you go get your fucking while I finish feeding Lucas. Fifteen minutes, Sean, before you cum."

"Yes, Mistress." 

Shasta removed his cock cage and Sean and Lisa disappeared in the bedroom. Shasta sat down and took over feeding Lucas.

"What about you, princess? You gettin' fucked often enough?" Shasta asked me.

"I'll live. I'll be happy when Master returns, Mistress. We have a new girl coming over tonight. Last night was mostly about her. Tonight I expect to get more sex."

"Who is she?"

"Pizza delivery girl, Mistress."

"That why we had leftover pizza for lunch?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"You planning on turning her into a slave bitch too?"

"Master says he doesn't want another one, Mistress. I admit our bed would start getting crowded if we had five in it regularly."

"So you did think on it?"

"I wouldn't mind another female slave, Mistress."

"Is she a lesbian, like Rhonda?"

"More bisexual would be my guess, Mistress. She said she never was with a woman before last night."

"It's amazing to me how you get so many women who never licked cunt before to lick a cunt."

"Because we're good at it, Mistress," Rhonda said. "You certainly enjoy it."

"More enjoy the getting licked than the licking. Speaking of licking cunt, since Sean is fucking one of you, one of you should be licking me." 

"Yes, Mistress," I replied. 

I left Rhonda to the food prep. Shasta was still wearing her jeans, so she had to stand so I could tug her jeans and panties down her hips. Wearing clothes had also made her a little sweatier and more fragrant, but I had no problem in doing what I was supposed to do, make her cum. I was still making her cum when Becky arrived. Rhonda let her in. I ignored her until Shasta said I was done, which is when Sean and Lisa came out of the bedroom. Shasta told me to leave her cum on my face until I ate.

I introduced Becky to Shasta and Sean.

"Becky, this is Shasta Williams, the person in charge of making our furniture and her slave, Sean." Of course, Sean was still naked like a good slave. Becky blushed red at seeing both Sean and Lisa emerge from our bedroom and Sean's bare prick. "Mistress Shasta and Sean, this is Becky, our pizza delivery girl."

"She doesn't have pizza tonight, does she?" Shasta said.

"No, Mistress, not tonight," I said. "We have other plans tonight." 

Which made Becky blush a deeper shade of red. Shasta stood up and circled her. 

"She's a cute one; I'll give you that. Make someone a nice slave slut. Lisa, did Sean do a nice job of fucking you?"

"Very nice. Thank you, Mistress."

"Come on, Sean. Momma and Cedric be holding supper for us. Get a move on, leave these folks to their fun."

Sean quickly got dressed and they left. Becky was still red when they went out the door.

"Would you like to undress, Becky, or do we start over from the beginning like last night?" I asked.

She blushed some more, but removed her clothes. I pulled out a chair for her and invited her to sit down. The food was almost ready.

"What just happened?" She asked. "Why do you call her Mistress?"

"We're to address all Dominants as Master or Mistress. Since Shasta is a Dominant, she's addressed as Mistress by all slaves. Master arranged with Shasta that either Lisa or I are fucked each evening by Sean before they leave so we may have a little cock while he's gone. In return, one of us must lick her cunt while said fucking is going on. It was Lisa's turn to get fucked, and she chose me to lick her cunt."

Lisa was setting the table and Rhonda was bringing the food, grilled pork chops, baked potatoes, green beans and dinner rolls. She also set out sour cream, dried chives, grated cheese and bacon bits for the baked potatoes. 

"What would you like to drink?" Lisa asked. "Soda, water or wine."

Becky asked for wine, and Rhonda and Lisa had ice water. I put Rhonda on my lap to feed her. Becky blushed again when she saw my hand go between my slaves legs.

"Rhonda's my sex slave," I reminded her, "and must be accessible to me to have sex with at any time."

Becky nodded. She tried to ignore us, but of course, she couldn't.

"So your Master doesn't care if you have sex with other men?" Becky asked as we ate.

"He cares, but allows it under certain conditions," Lisa said.

"What about you, Becky," I asked. "I doubt you're a virgin. You must have fucked men in the past. Why women? Why now?"

"No, not a virgin. Had a boyfriend up until a couple months ago. No one since. I guess I'd always wondered what sex with a woman would be like. Found myself watching lesbian porn more often than the straight stuff."

"Was the sex good with your boyfriend?" Lisa asked.

"It was okay. Nothing special. He never went down on me unless he was a little drunk and couldn't get it up, though he wanted blow jobs all the time. The regular sex was fine, but rarely showed any imagination. Mostly missionary or doggy style. Didn't like me on top."

"How old was he?" I asked, before nibbling on a plump black nipple, making my slave moan.

"My age, couple months older."

"Sounds like you could do with a more experienced and affectionate boyfriend," Lisa said. "Maybe someone older."

"Maybe I just needed a girlfriend," Becky said. "I've been wet since you let me know I could come tonight. Had to jill myself off a couple times today, and I've never had to do that before."

We laughed. "I did talk to Master about you," I said. "He's rather adamantly opposed to anyone acquiring a girlfriend to play with on the side."

"Even if I agreed to fuck him too? I hoped he would change his mind. I got the next three days off."

"Do you know how many times he needs to get erections now in order to satisfy mostly Lisa and I? Four or five times a day he's fucking one of us. Adding you makes it harder for him and worse for us. I could use every one of his erections myself, let alone sharing him with another female."

"Better for me then. I just have to keep the women satisfied. I wouldn't have to fuck him too."

"Do you think Rhonda and Lisa are incapable of pleasing me? Or I them? You've experienced what we can do. We're not lacking in cunts. I warned you this morning you can't plan on us being there for you. You'll need to find your own sex partner, not use us as one. Master said we could enjoy you again tonight, but not to plan anymore beyond this."

The rest of the meal was mostly silent except when my slave climaxed on my fingers. Becky couldn't look away. When everyone was done, I sent Rhonda under the table to pleasure Becky while Lisa and I cleaned up and put Lucas to bed. When I came back from the nursery, Becky's back was arched up off the chair, grasping Rhonda's head, clutching her to her cunt, gasping for breath.

I tapped Rhonda's head and told her to stop. I held Becky's head in my hands and looked her in the eye.

"If you think you want to be a lesbian, Becky. Show me, show us, you have what it takes to pleasure another woman. So far, all you've proven is you like your cunt getting licked. Shasta likes getting her cunt licked and she's no lesbian."

I pulled her up by her hand, led her to the bedroom and lay down with my legs spread wide. "Fuck me," I ordered, "Make me cum as fast as you can."

I'll give her credit. Maybe she thought it was some kind of test which if she somehow managed to pass, she'd be accepted into our circle. She'd done a little licking last night, but she did a lot more tonight. Without any training whatsoever, she made me cum in four minutes, four times within twelve as she got better and better. 

When given the opportunity to lick Lisa and Rhonda, she did just as well, both of them cumming early and often. Her face was a mess when she finished. Rhonda got a washcloth to wash her face. We all lay on the bed, kissing, hugging and stroking each other after, idly with no intent.

"Tell me more about what it's like to be a slave?" Becky asked.

"It's different for every Dominant and submissive," Lisa said. "Julia and I fuck anyone Master allows us to fuck. Rhonda, through her agreement with Julia, only has to fuck one man, our Master. Other men are her choice. It was part of her agreement. Some Dominants are harsher and more brutal than ours. Some submissives enjoy that, others would not. One of our friends, Slut, as she is frequently known, though her real name is Penelope, enjoys being punished. She becomes disobedient to her Mistress so she can be punished. The other slave, Rose, does not like being punished and does what she can to avoid it. You reach agreement with your Dominant as to which things you'll allow and what you won't. What you won't allow is your hard limits. You can have soft limits too, which need to be approached very carefully and under certain conditions you'll do them and others you won't."

"Like what?"

"All three of us will suck our Master's cock after he's fucked our ass if certain conditions have been met. We need to have our asses cleansed ahead of time, flushed out with multiple enemas. If we're not, we won't suck his cock afterward. So Ass to Mouth is a hard limit if we're not cleansed and a soft one if we have been, but depending upon how recently," I said. "Have you ever been fucked in the ass?"

"A couple times. Didn't really enjoy it either time and I certainly wouldn't have sucked either cock after."

"So a hard limit for you. Other hard limits might be how many times you're struck during a punishment, or what your Dominant uses to punish you or where on your body they punish you. There are lots of different things which can be limited by your agreement. Sometimes, you haven't established a limit for something yet, so you'll have safe words. Ours are alpha to ease up or slow down, and omega to have something stop altogether. Some agreements are pages long, others may be only a few lines and only the safe word will be used to control what happens."

"All you're really telling me is what sex slavery is. I want to know what it's like."

"I can show you what it's like," I said. "How much do you trust me?"

"Why? What are you going to do?"

"You don't get to know that. You have to trust me enough to believe I won't do something so bad you'll hate it, but you will have a safe word. You can use it if you need to, but you need to surrender your will to mine and do what I want you to. At the end, you'll know what it's like to be a sex slave."

Becky looked at me for about three minutes, wondering what I had in mind for her. Finally she said, "Okay. I trust you."

"What do you want as a safe word. Something you can remember even under stress," I said.

"What about just 'stop' or 'quit'?"

"Too confusing. What if I'm pleasuring you and you're saying 'don't stop'. Do I stop? You don't want to use words which come up in general conversation, so it has only one meaning; Cease Now. A friend used kumquat. Or use ours, Omega. Those only have one meaning unless you're discussing fruits or Omega watches."

"I'll use kumquat."

"Fine. Rhonda, bring me The Enforcer, lube, and an anal plug, smaller sized since Becky hasn't done a lot of anal."

"You're not going to make me lick it, are you?"

"If I asked you to, you'd say kumquat, and our experiment is over, but no; that's not my intent in asking you to trust me."

Rhonda brought the items I requested. Becky was staring at The Enforcer with the proper amount of trepidation. 

"I want you to put yourself over my lap. The Enforcer is one of the instruments Master uses to punish us. I'm going to strike you with it once and once only, so you know what it feels like. Then, I want you to imagine it hitting you twenty-five or more times in a row. That's what could happen to you if you're disobedient. One of our friends is spanked fifty times every morning. Sometimes with only a hand, other times with something worse. Every morning. You will be hit once and you can make assumptions from there as to how bad fifty is. Get ready, over my knees, NOW."

I shouted the word, so she'd realize it was an order I expected to be obeyed. She was over my lap in two seconds, her delightful buns sticking up in the air. Since I was only doing it once, I didn't pull back or attempt to soften the blow in the slightest. SMACK.

"Oh, fuck!" Becky groaned. "What the fuck! Christ, that stings."

"And that was just once. Imagine thirty or more of those. If you knew you'd be punished like that, would you want to be pleasing to your Master?"

"God, yes."

"Let's see if you are. I'm going to tie you to the bed."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
Becky was rubbing her ass, but she reluctantly got on the bed and allowed us to tie her down, face up, spread eagled. There was a little fear in her eyes. Good, there should be. 

"Now, I'm going to blindfold you," I said. "If you need to, say kumquat and everything will stop. Do you understand?"

"Yes."

"For the purposes of this exercise, I want you to call me Mistress. Each time you address me, you'll say Mistress. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Mistress."

I blindfolded her and as she sat in the dark, waiting and wondering what was going to happen, I spoke to her.

"You have ceded control of your will to mine. The only thing to stop me from doing anything to you right now is your safe word, kumquat. I own your body and all of it's functions now. You only have sex with the people I tell you to have sex with and only at the times I allow. Your orgasms belong to me. You may not orgasm unless I give you permission, do you understand?"

Weakly, "Yes, Mistress."

"Your sole goal in life is to be pleasing to me, to do what I tell you. If I want you to lick my cunt, you'll lick mine. If I want you licking Lisa's you'll lick hers. If I wanted you sucking a cock, or getting fucked by one, it's my decision, my choice. I'm going to stick the anal plug in you now, because it is my will. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Mistress, I understand."

I smeared lube around and inside her anus, which made her jump. I put more lube on the plug. Having her legs spread out as they were made it harder for her to resist the intrusion into her bottom, but she was still squeezing her buttocks together when I started. I didn't want to hurt her by forcing it inside her so I simply licked her cunt briefly and as soon as she relaxed her buns, it popped in.

"I'm going to put my cunt over your mouth and I want you to lick me and think only of my pleasure. Lisa is going to start licking you. If at any point you stop licking me to my satisfaction, I'm going to pinch your nipple slightly. That will be a signal that you've just earned five more swats with The Enforcer. Remember how it felt with just one. No matter what is happening to you, you must not lose focus on your function in life, which is to please me. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Mistress."

I swung my leg over her face and settled my pussy over her mouth and she immediately started attending to my needs. She was getting better all the time. I signaled Lisa and she started licking Becky's cunt.

Becky immediately lost focus so I pinched a nipple. "That's five." She quickly tried to regain control. The more aroused she got, the harder it became. I pinched a nipple again and she redoubled her efforts. I could tell she was getting closer to an orgasm, though she wasn't doing badly for a neophyte. Then she climaxed and I had to pinch a puckered nipple three times in order for her to resume licking me. I climaxed, drenching her with my cum. She lapped it up.

I climbed off her face. "You only earned twenty-five swats from ignoring my needs, slave, but you earned twenty-five more for cumming without permission. You're up to fifty now."

"How could I ask for permission? Your pussy was smothering my mouth!"

"Ten more for not addressing me as Mistress. I guess you should have thought of that before. Start again on Lisa. Rhonda will lick you this time. Close your hands into fists if you need to cum. I'll watch and know you're asking for permission to cum."

"Yes, Mistress."

Lisa and Rhonda smiled at me. Lisa mounted herself on Becky's face. Becky started in on Lisa and Rhonda started licking Becky. Lisa climaxed in two minutes. Becky's concentration seemed to be getting better. She was concentrating on Lisa more than her own pleasure, as skilled as Rhonda was. Lisa climaxed again and Becky closed her hands. 

I shouted at her, "You don't have permission to cum slave. Your orgasms belong to me and I'm not giving you permission to have one. You hold it, bitch. Don't you dare fucking cum." 

Lisa had to pinch her nipple. "Sixty-five swats, slave. Pay attention to Lisa's cunt. You make her cum again."

Becky's body was starting to shake. I thought she'd throw Lisa off it was shaking so badly. Rhonda had her hands holding Becky's hips down. She was opening and closing her hands, trying to signal how badly she needed to cum. Lisa pinched her nipple again. 

"Seventy. Don't you fucking cum slave. I own your cunt. I own your orgasms. You don't have my permission to cum. If you cum again without my express permission, that's thirty more swats slave."

Lisa pinched her nipple. "Seventy-five. Forget your orgasm. Think about Lisa's pleasure, not your own. You're nothing. You don't deserve an orgasm, bitch."

Suddenly, Becky's hips rose off the bed like a person in an exorcism movie. I didn't think they could go that high with all four limbs tied to the corners. Becky was screaming, unable to wake Lucas only because she was screaming into Lisa's pussy, currently leaking like a sieve. One wave after another went rolling down her belly, fluttering like a flag. Becky started to squirt and Rhonda was trying to keep up with the flood of moisture shooting out of her pussy. Rhonda's lips locked on, swallowing desperately trying to capture every drop and failing. Lisa was pinching one nipple after the other, but Becky was in her own fucking world and the pinching seemed incapable of doing anything more than extend her orgasm. Lisa finally gave up and climbed off. Becky was still quivering six minutes after it started, although it did seem to be easing up. She was only twitching every fifteen or twenty seconds. 

"You wanted to know a little of what it's like to be a slave; now you know," I said. "Your experiment is over."

I took off her blindfold and her eyes were still a little wild, blinking in the light. Rhonda helped me release her arms and legs and Lisa was stroking her face. I told Rhonda to take a shower and she grinned and thanked me. Fuck! Had to change the sheets again.

Five more minutes passed before Becky attempted to speak.

"Did I squirt?" 

"You damn near drowned my slave. Yes, you squirted. You're going to help me change the sheets, too."

"That was unreal." She was still panting, even ten minutes later.

"Don't forget you earned well over a hundred swats on the ass. Remember how bad one felt. Imagine a hundred."

"I've never felt anything like that ever."

"Every orgasm isn't like that one. Most won't come close to that. But most orgasms I've had as a slave were better than the very best I had when I wasn't."

Becky looked at Lisa, still stroking her face. 

"I'd tend to agree," Lisa said. "Not the little ones I get from walking around with a hood piercing. Not even the ones given by regular people like you; but the ones given by a Master or Mistress, they tend to be on the high end. When they control your fucking, even your orgasms, you tend to appreciate them more."

"Does your Master make you hold back on an orgasm like that?"

"Frequently," I said, "but not all the time. You also need to realize our punishments don't bother us as much as you think they would. You couldn't imagine being hit twenty-five times. I've been struck that much and more and gotten used to it. I wouldn't strain nearly as hard as you did to hold back an orgasm to save myself from being punished. I'd have cum earlier and taken the punishment. While we tend to dislike The Enforcer, the one I hit you with, I can almost enjoy Master's hand or the nine stranded whip he uses. The worst punishment we undergo is wearing the Slave Trainer and not being allowed to orgasm. If you wear one of those for long as a slave, you'll beg to have your ass fucked and suck the cock afterward, even if you haven't been cleansed. That's how bad it is."

"Why doesn't your Master use it to make you do things like that?"

"He won't use it to exceed a hard limit. Perhaps he'll stretch a soft limit with it, but never a hard. He used it to make me swallow his cum when I started my slavery. It wasn't a hard limit. I'd swallow on his birthday, or our anniversary, but I didn't like it. It was never the taste which disgusted me, but the texture of cum. He used the Slave Trainer to get me swallowing every time. The only way I was allowed to cum is if I swallowed his. Now, I love to swallow cum, not just his, but anyone's. I enjoy the hot, salty splash of cum in my mouth. If you don't want to swallow, you'd never make it as a sex slave."

"What's the difference being submissive to a man or woman?"

"The submission is substantially the same except for the genitals of the person you're submitting to. You'll get more cock submitting to a Master and more cunt if submitting to a Mistress. We get a lot of both because we have three women submitting to a male together. He can't have permanent erections, so we frequently pleasure each other."

"Why do you have your own slave?"

Rhonda came out of the bathroom as she asked and I called her over. I put my arm around her and kissed her.

"I love dominating submissive women and submitting to Dominant men or women. Just now, when I was pretending to be your Mistress, dominating you and I made you cum so hard; I got a small orgasm and a whole lot of pleasure from doing so. I get more pleasure from being dominated than being Dominant. I used to fantasize about being dominated. I never fantasized the other way. If I had to give up one or the other, I'd give up being a Dominant, but I don't, so I get to keep this delicious slave." 

I kissed her again and Rhonda melted against me.

"Now I'm going to reward my slave for being such a good girl. She's going to fuck you with a strapless vibrator while you lick my cunt."

Rhonda got one of the strapless vibrators, made Becky get on her hands and knees. With the anal plug in, Becky was going to be real full when Rhonda shoved that dildo in her. I wasn't going to change the sheets until we were done fucking her in case she did it again. Rhonda didn't need lubricant to push into Becky's pussy. Her lips parted for the head and it slid right in, with Becky moaning like a two bit whore. I got in front of her and had Lisa ride my face. God, I loved big beds. 

I felt Becky's tongue licking me as I licked my sister slave. Rhonda was really fucking her hard. Her head kept rocking over my pussy as Rhonda punished hers. She seemed like she was trying to pay attention to my pleasure, but she was having difficulties doing so. It didn't matter too much. I couldn't turn her into a slave anyway. I'd love it if Master would at least consider the idea. It's not as if we couldn't afford to keep another one, but I had to admit one more cunt to fuck meant less fucking for me. At least he should fuck her once. She was so eager to please.

I got a wicked idea. Maybe not enough to keep her, but enough to keep her around for the weekend. I pushed Lisa off my face. She was startled, but went with it.

"Do you want to spend the night again and see if I can get my Master to consider letting you hang around this weekend?" I asked.

"Please," she gasped, cumming for like the fourth or fifth time since Rhonda started fucking her. Nothing like having a big vibrating dildo sharing space in your crotch with a plug.

"In order to make this work, I need to take a video of you getting fucked by Rhonda and send it to my Master. Once he sees what a hot slut you are, maybe he'll let you stay long enough he can fuck you."

"You'll shoot...video...of me...fucking?" Becky panted.

"That's right. While you're licking Lisa's cunt. They won't get out in the wild. We'll both delete them, but I already told you he's not into adding another sex toy to our menagerie, so we need something to convince him you're worth keeping around for awhile. That is, provided you're willing to fuck him. I won't play anymore unless you're willing to fuck my Master. You're not allergic to prick anymore now that you've had pussy are you?"

"No...I'll...fuck...him. God!...I'm cumming...again. Fuck!" She was somewhat silent as she orgasmed. Not speaking anyway. "Shoot the damn video."

I waited until Lisa was in front of her mouth and she was eagerly licking Lisa's dripping cunt before I started shooting. I shot maybe ninety seconds of video, catching another orgasm.

I sent it to Master with a text reading, Becky is hoping to spend some time fucking this weekend, including you. She's a firecracker who really is eager to please, Master. Won't you reconsider? Delete the movie when you're done watching.

Ten minutes later, I got an answer. You're not playing fair, slut. Fine, she can spend some time with us this weekend. You can tell her I'm going to masturbate to her video before I delete it.

I waited until they quit fucking before I showed everyone his answer. Becky seemed to enjoy the thought someone would be masturbating to her fucking. I also showed her the video. We watched it together before I deleted it and told her to lick my cunt again.

She'd been lapping at my liquid core for four or five minutes, already having given me one climax and working on another.

"How big was your boyfriends cock?" I asked.

Becky paused, thinking. "I guess average, maybe five and a half to six inches."

"You're in for a treat. Master's almost eight. It's going to be tough preparing you for an ass fucking."

"Prepare?"

"Use increasingly large plugs to get your anus used to being stretched. We could push it a bit, maybe get you ready by Sunday. You've already got a plug in. We'll just put a larger one in every twelve hours. We'd have you up five sizes by Sunday morning." 

"Does he need to fuck my ass. Can't he be satisfied with my pussy?"

"No, if you're going to hang around here and be useful, we need to turn you into a three hole slut. Keep licking."

******

Rhonda had to get ready for work, so I made Becky help me change the sheets and throw the wet ones into the washer. Then because she looked so damn cute bent over putting things in the front load washer, I seated her on the top of the washer and licked her to another orgasm. Thankfully, no further signs of squirting. She was awfully tasty though. Lucas woke up wanting food so I picked him up and brought him to the bedroom. While I breast fed him, Lisa and I kissed while Becky licked each of us to several more orgasms.

When Lucas was done eating, I brought him back to the nursery and changed his diaper. By the time I'd returned, Lisa and Becky were in a sixty-nine, dining away.

"You're like a kid with a new toy," I said, "Can't stop playing with it and put it away." I smacked her ass. "It's midnight. Lisa and I need to get up at 6:30. Go to sleep. Tomorrow you can help with our cum break."

"What's a cum break?" Becky asked.

"As a benefit to our employees, everyone gets to orgasm when we stop for lunch. You'll be in charge of making everyone cum, including Sean. You said your boyfriend liked you to suck him. I need to see how well you suck cock. We'll borrow him from Shasta so you can practice. Could you deep throat your boyfriend?"

"No. I could get all but the last inch down."

"Sean's about the same size as your boyfriend. We'll have you sucking all of his cock before Master gets home. Master will be harder, but we'll have you deep throating him before Saturday night."

All three of us showered, brushed and went to bed. Becky had brought her toothbrush and a few other items when she found out she was could come over. The one thing she didn't bring was more clothes. All three of us curled up in bed with Becky in the middle and went to sleep.

******

Becky got up and after she used the toilet, I changed her anal plug to the next larger size, showing her how to clean and store the smaller one. She had breakfast with us, then went home to feed her cat again. I told her to make arrangements for her cat to be fed and bring whatever she thought she might need for the next three days. To include clothes for dining out Saturday night, and to be back by ten AM. We were working when she got back about 9:30 and I yelled at her to come down to the basement. When she came down, she was already undressed. It didn't take long for people to feel comfortable being naked in our home. I introduced Becky to everyone there and told them Becky would be providing their cum break pleasures today. Becky blushed when I told them she'd only started licking cunt Thursday, but was already quite good.

"It may take her a little longer to get you off, but she's eager to please, so you should enjoy it."

With Shasta's permission, I showed her what we were doing and building. We'd already shipped off the pieces we'd used for our photo shoot, but we were doing another of our original pieces, plus two beds, both king size.

"These are nice," she said. "You do beautiful work."

"It's a smaller version of the one we have in our bedroom."

"Your bed does all of the same things; like the stocks and suspension points?"

"Yes. Master needs a place to punish his slaves."

She ran her hand over it. "It looks like a regular four poster bed frame and not some bondage thing."

"That's its purpose; so you can hide it in plain sight."

"You know, I took a wood shop class in high school. Liked it better than home economics. I enjoyed the class. Built a bedside table with a couple drawers in it and some book shelves. More useful than baking a cake, right?"

How intriguing. "How much do you make delivering pizza on average?"

"Three, three-fifty a week depending on tips."

"How would you like a job working for us? Fifteen dollars an hour to start. If you worked here, Master couldn't complain about you hanging around. Your presence wouldn't be dependent on his good graces. You can give the pizza place a weeks notice and start next Monday. Janet is going to need maternity leave shortly. We have great company benefits including health insurance and cum breaks for lunch."

"Really?" 

"Absolutely. Lisa and I are in charge of the company. It has nothing to do with Master."

Becky hugged and kissed me, the kiss quickly becoming more intimate.

"Hey," Shasta yelled, "No fucking around. You're on work time."

"Yes, Mistress," I said, breaking it off. "I just hired a new worker. Becky will be able to start a week from Monday. She had wood shop in high school and built a bookcase and bedside table with drawers."

"Really? You're not saying that just because you got new pussy you want to play with?"

"Really. Feel free to see how she does with a few simple tasks."

Shasta soon had Becky measuring and cutting wood, sanding and screwing things together.

"Not bad," Shasta said. "And a willing cunt licker on top of it," making Becky blush again. "I agree she'll be a good addition to the workforce. Why don't you go upstairs and make some sandwiches for lunch for everybody, then come back here and start licking."

"Okay."

Lisa whispered to me, "Kind of a sneaky way to bypass Master, Julia."

"It just makes her handy. It's not like we'll be able to fuck her all the time."

"Remember our caning. Don't do anything that gets us into a lot of trouble. I don't want to wear a Slave Trainer for 24 hours."

"It's a legitimate hire. We are going to lose Janet to maternity leave."

"I hope Master sees it that way."

I did too.

The baby monitor went off and I excused myself to feed Lucas. "No cunt licking for you until it's your turn, slut," Shasta told me as I left.

"Yes, Mistress."

******

We both returned downstairs at roughly the same time after Lucas was fed and I put him in Rhonda's room. One by one, starting with Shasta, Becky licked the cunts of everyone present, giving each of them an orgasm until only Sean remained. When she started in on Sean's cock after Shasta removed his cage, I watched her closely to see how she did. As she said, she got about five inches of his dick down, though she seemed quite good working with those five inches. She lost about half of his load, but at least tried to swallow. The only person who didn't get to cum was Becky. She wouldn't get to cum until Master fucked her so she'd be very ready for his cock this evening. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
She asked if she got to cum. "Not from any of us. You have to wait until Master fucks you tonight." 

To make sure she didn't stroke one off herself, I told her she could stay down here and work since she knew what the hell she was doing.

I told Shasta we'd need to borrow Sean for cock sucking lessons after work. 

"You ain't getting fucked if he needed for lessons," she warned.

"Master's coming home tonight. I don't need a fucking as bad as she needs lessons. We'll fix you and Sean supper. Master said he isn't going to be here until late since poker was cancelled."

"Fine. You can use Sean for your lessons. I'll let Momma know I'll be late."

******

When Rhonda woke up, she brought Lucas down and asked about supper. I told her to make extra for Shasta and Sean. At five, I sent Becky up to help with the meal since we were feeding her. 

We sat down for dinner and I fed my slave again, kissing and loving on her. While I did, I told Becky Shasta had agreed to Sean being used to train her.

"I thought I did a good job when I sucked Sean's cock earlier."

"It wasn't bad, but it could be better. All three of us can deep throat Sean and even Master. You need to be better. However, in return for his services, Shasta should have recompense. Since you're getting the training, you can provide the compensation. I think you should get on the floor now and lick Shasta to four orgasms in payment. You're a relatively decent cunt licker. You learned quickly. Hopefully, you learn proper cock sucking as quickly. Go on now."

Looking at me briefly, she then got on the floor and while Shasta ate, brought her to four climaxes. It took less than fifteen minutes, but her meal had still cooled off substantially. I told her she could put it in the microwave for a moment if she wanted to. When she came back to the table, I took my napkin and wiped her face off, kissing her after. She smiled at me, then sat down and ate her meal in relative silence. 

The meal over, I picked up Lucas, while Rhonda and Lisa started to clean up. Becky helped until I told her she had other things to do. Shasta removed Sean's cock cage. 

"Mistress, would you please tell Sean to get an erection?" I asked.

She did and he did. Becky being somewhat surprised to watch his cock rise on command. I asked for Sean to come over to me and while holding Lucas, swallowed all of his cock. It required very little effort on my part as I was used to swallowing larger. I backed off his cock and asked Shasta to tell him to lose his hard on, which he did. This also was quite surprising to Becky.

"Sean is an excellent training tool for cock sucking as he pretty much becomes erect and cums on command. You are going to start by sucking his flaccid cock. Mistress will tell him to become erect while he's in your mouth. There is a trick which can help you to deep throat him. As he begins to grow in your mouth and the head reaches your throat, I want you to start swallowing, like you have a big piece of meat in your throat to get down. Hold him as deep as you can for fifteen or twenty seconds, then you may come up for air. Then go back down his cock and you keep swallowing every time you get a gag reflex. Try to go deeper, and hold him there. 

"Eventually, you'll become accustomed to having his dick in your throat. Every time you have a problem, remember to swallow, don't gag and attempt to force him back out of your throat, swallow and force him deeper. He will not cum until he's told he can cum, kind of like you last night. This gives you the opportunity for lots of practice. Get into a rhythm. Grab some air, get him down, back up, licking and sucking, get more air and repeat. Do you understand so far?"

"Yes."

"You'll be given warning before he's told to cum. With about three or four seconds left to go, slide back up his cock until only the top one or two inches are in your mouth. Master likes it when you can taste his cum, not have you so deep in your throat it bypasses your taste buds. You'll be sucking lightly and licking the head when Sean cums. I'm giving you warning of his cumming because you have to swallow every drop of his sperm. You must consider his sperm as if it's the nectar of the Gods. The more you swallow initially, the less you need worry about cleaning up afterwards. We'd be changing sheets every night if we didn't clean up after ourselves. I don't want to wash sheets two nights in a row, so don't spill any cum. 

"We'll try to teach you to recognize an oncoming male orgasm because you won't always be told they're going to cum. You should be able to tell yourself, so it's no surprise to you and you're trying to catch up. You saw how Rhonda even captured most of your cum last night when you squirted. Kept you from totally soaking the bed. Just too much juice to swallow it all."

Shasta said, "Becky's a squirter?"

"Last night she was, Mistress" I said. "Had you ever squirted before, Becky?"

"No, but that was the best orgasm I ever had." 

"You use that electronic gizmo on her?"

"No gizmo, Mistress. I just wouldn't let her cum. Made her hold it until she exploded. Kind of like Sean when you don't let him cum for thirty minutes."

Shasta laughed. "I swear he shoot his cum six feet if I make him hold it that long. Feels real good when he cum in my cunt that way." 

"What electronic gizmo are you talking about?" Becky asked.

"An e-stim vibrator we slaves are using to strengthen our Kegel muscles. Rhonda and I squirt sometimes if we haven't cum recently. Julia doesn't squirt, per se, she just moistens up heavy."

"Can I try it?"

"Not tonight and not in the bedroom. I already worry about you squirting. Are you clear on what you're doing tonight?"

"I'm clear."

"Then start sucking Sean. Mistress will tell him to get hard in five or so minutes."

Becky complied and started sucking. I think she was trying to get him hard before he had permission. She certainly looked like she was doing everything in her power to give him an erection and she seemed disappointed when she didn't. She felt she had talent sucking cocks, but he was well trained. 

In six minutes, Shasta gave him permission to get hard and soon, he was filling Becky's mouth. She struggled at first, but I kept telling her what to do and at some point, the messages were getting across. She got him all down and developed the tempo I'd hoped for. Breathe, in, work him down, suck and lick, work the throat muscles, out while sucking, breathe.

I gave Shasta the signal and she said, "In fifteen seconds, you can cum, Sean."

I counted down in my head, saying "ten," then "five", and Becky moved back up his cock until only the head was in her mouth and put her tongue to work pleasuring the crown. Right on cue, Sean spewed his load down her throat and Becky managed to swallow it all this time, coughing a little.

"Very good. I'm proud of you," I said.

Rhonda and Lisa joined us after cleaning the kitchen. Lisa took Lucas to the nursery. I told Rhonda to pleasure Shasta while Becky worked on extracting Sean's next load.

"This time, Sean will allow himself to become erect and cum naturally, as he needs to, Becky," I told her. "We're not going to warn you when he cums this time. In addition to sucking his shaft, I want you spending some time caressing and licking his balls. When you're not licking his sack, your fingers should be holding it and rolling them around. What's happening to his nuts are the best indication you'll have he's about to cum. There are other indications. Listen to his breathing. It will get faster as he gets closer to his release. Other muscles on his body will start to tighten, including his legs and abdomen. His voice will change, his moans will change. 

"Remember the first time I licked you, how I slowly teased you to get you ready for your first girl orgasm. You should do the same for Sean. He's just cum. Under normal circumstances, if you want him to fuck again, you need to give him some encouragement. Coax his erection out of him. Get him hard, get him ready, feel everything his body is telling you, what he likes the most and what he likes the least. You should always be pleasing to the person you're serving, striving to give them the greatest amount of pleasure. Try to draw it out at least fifteen minutes. While you want him to cum, it's not the purpose of what you're doing. Maximizing his pleasure is your purpose. Sense when he's going to cum and swallow it all again." 

Becky nodded in acknowledgment and started the process. She was doing an excellent job of following instructions; a teasing seduction to get him ready, pleasuring both cock and balls, taking her time, getting all of his cock down. Sean was loving it. It was a great blow job, worthy of the finest slave. Finally, Sean grunted and sent another flood of cum into her mouth. She was prepared for it. She didn't lose a drop this time, either, even without the warning. 

I wanted to let her know I was proud of her, so I kissed her while she still had a mouthful of Sean's cum, stealing some of it from her.

When I came up for air, I said, "I think Becky is worthy of sucking Master's cock. Thank you, Mistress, for the loan of your slave. Sean, compared to the blow job you got during your cum break today, how did this one compare?"

"It was twice as good, Julia. It was excellent."

"Come on, Sean," Shasta said. "Time to go home and fuck me proper."

"Yes, Mistress."

I still didn't want Becky to cum yet, but I did spend some time kissing and petting her so she knew I appreciated what she'd done. Master should be getting home soon.

I informed Becky of her plans for the rest of the evening. "Master should be home around eight, Becky. He'll want to take a shower. He's worked hard all day and then sat in his truck for three or more hours. He'll be tired, but he'll be interested in a new woman to play with. I want him to fuck you first. Then, you can practice your new cock sucking skills to get him hard again. Due to his size, he will be harder to deep throat than Sean was. Do the best you can, but if you don't get him all the way down, don't keep trying to force the issue. Do the best you can to give him pleasure. After he has another erection, he should fuck Lisa. 

"If you wish, you may get under Lisa in a sixty-nine while Master fucks her. When he cums, you can clean his cock and her cunt of their cum. We're trying to save the bed linens. We'll be lucky if he can go again tonight, but Rhonda and I can pleasure each other if he can't. What you may want to do is give him a nice back massage after he's done with Lisa. If you want to spend time with us, try to make yourself a welcome comfort. Display the youthful exuberance and enthusiasm you've shown us in learning to please women."

Becky replied, "Thank you, ladies, for inviting me to come over on Wednesday, and showing me how fun it can be to have sex with women. I thought I was crazy for agreeing to deliver more pizza here, but I haven't regretted a second. Your lesson tonight was impressive. I didn't realize how much I didn't know about sucking cocks. Since my boyfriend made me do it all the time, I thought I was good."

"You can learn more. Just as you had to pay attention to cunts last night when being licked yourself, you need to learn to do the same with cocks. Your pleasure is never more important than the pleasure you give another. We have three days to make you indispensable. Would you like to change your anal plug to the larger size before Master fucks you? I believe it will make his fucking even better."

"Please."

"Remove it, clean up, get the next largest size and the lube and I'll insert it for you."

"Thank you."

As soon as she was gone, Lisa said, "You really want to turn her into another slave, don't you?"

"I can't help it. She's adorable."

"Would she be yours again, like Rhonda, or Masters?"

"I suppose it depends on whether she decides she likes cunt or cock more. Even if Master doesn't let us keep her, I think she'd be a good slave to someone. Jerry or Chen if she's partial to cock which means she could keep working for us, or Sarah if she prefers cunt. Sarah was talking about obtaining a woman slave."

"Do you think Jerry would take another slave right after marrying Reneé? Or Chen take another one after Janet delivers his daughter?"

"Reneé is the most bisexual of our friends and loves to have a cunt around. I doubt she'd care. Janet might appreciate another slave to help with her child. It's been a godsend having both of you to help with Lucas."

"I suppose either could be possibilities. Aren't you and I slitting our throats by taking another slave? Master can't fuck everyone."

"It would be more of a problem if Master was still adamantly opposed to us fucking other men. If we can get the occasional cock somewhere else, it's not as big an issue as it was before. In the last three weeks, most of which Master's been gone, I've fucked Bill, Chen, Ricardo, the dance instructor, Sean, and Dan. Obviously, you've had it worse because no one else but Master can fuck your cunt, but that's temporary. Once you're pregnant, you're open game, too." 

Lisa laughed. "I can't believe the shit you talk me into. She is sweet. I can't believe how quickly she's learned to lick as well as she does."

"My ears were burning," Becky said, rejoining us. "Were you talking about me?"

"Yes," I replied. "Lisa was saying how sweet your are and what a nice cunt licker you've become."

Becky blushed. She handed me the next largest plug and the lube and bent over the arm of the couch.

"What a cute little ass you have," I said, smearing lube in and around her anus. "After I've taught you how to cleanse yourself, I think I'll enjoy rimming your tight asshole immensely." Becky moaned, the slut.

I lubed up the plug and slowly pushed it into her rectum. It went in fairly easily despite the larger size. Becky's bottom was responding to the stretching and learning to relax the muscle. It wouldn't be long before Master was plugging her butt and her first double penetration.

******

SCOTT

Traffic was horrible on the way home. A helicopter would have been great. Instead the first hour had been stop and go with little damn movement for twenty or thirty miles, though it finally eased up after. It was after eight thirty, and I was exhausted when I got home. I'd been working hard for twelve straight days. Despite my weariness, I'd been hard for the last forty-five minutes thinking of the video Julia had sent me last night. Becky was a cute girl who looked quite delicious in any way that mattered. My brain knew what Julia was trying to pull, but my dick didn't care. I wondered what I'd find when I got home; whose face would be in whose crack.

Walking through the door, all four of them were sitting on the couch, improperly dressed, which is to say, naked, but not doing anything. Julia and Lisa got up from the couch immediately and knelt at my feet. The other two remained on the sofa.

"Good evening, Master," Lisa said.

"We've missed you, Master," Julia said. "I'm sure you're exhausted. Did you have a chance to eat?"

"Yeah, I got a burger at In and Out."

"Excellent, sir," Lisa said. "Let us introduce you to our guest."

They led me to the couch and Julia said, "Becky, this is my husband and our Master, Scott Rivers. Master this is Becky."

"Becky what?"

Lisa and Julia looked at each other. They shrugged.

"We don't know, sir," Lisa said. "It didn't seem important."

"You've been fucking her for two days and you don't know her last name? What a bunch of guys you are."

Becky stood up and extended her hand. "Becky Stephens, sir. I'm pleased to meet you."

I took her hand and looked her over. I had barely seen her when she delivered the pizza and her company uniform hadn't been particularly flattering. Plus, I'll admit I hadn't looked at her face too much when I was sent the video. First of all, it was buried in Lisa's pussy, and I paid altogether too much attention to watching Rhonda fuck her. Julia was right. Becky was cute as a kitten. Shorter than my slaves, maybe 5-4, younger; with the restless energy of her youth. Her plump breasts which from her shorter stature appeared bigger, to the neatly trimmed dark brown bush between her legs. She blushed under my scrutiny.

"Good evening, Becky. I'm pleased to meet you. You're a lovely young woman." 

I bowed over her hand, kissing her knuckles. I don't know if she'd expected me to ravish her when I walked through the door, but this wasn't what she expected. She blushed again.

"Master, Lisa and I will help you shower after your drive," Julia said. "Becky will be waiting in our bed when you're refreshed."

"You have this all planned out, don't you slave?"

Julia smiled at me. "You know me so well, sir."

"Are you in this with her, Lisa?"

Lisa glanced at Julia. "I always stand with my sister slave, sir."

I was led to the shower and Julia fondled my prick when my erection was revealed to them.

"I'm happy to see you're looking forward to the evening, sir."

Her fingernails lightly scratched from scrotum to crown. Both of them helped wash me, teasing my cock just enough to keep me aching.

"Becky had a previous boyfriend, Master," Julia said. "He wasn't a particularly good, nor imaginative lover. He only went down on her when he was too drunk to get it up; only liked missionary or doggy. I'd like her to learn what it's like to be fucked by a fantastic lover. I think the sex with us girls may have only seemed as good as it did in comparison to him. I'm sure you can show her how wonderful fucking a cock can be."

"She's wearing the mid-sized anal plug," Lisa added. "Her boyfriend was pretty average in size, so your cock should really be snug in her pussy, especially with the plug in, so go slow to start. You might want to start with a little oral to show her real men know how to lick cunt."

"After you fuck her, Becky will demonstrate her cock sucking skills, after which you can fuck Lisa, sir," Julia smiled, "after which Becky might have a nice little surprise for you."

"Don't you want a fucking tonight?" I asked.

"We have the week, Master, and Rhonda and I will stay occupied while you're busy tonight. I know how tired you must me after the long stint in LA and the wretched drive home."

I shook my head and kissed her, then Lisa. What delightful slaves they were. I brushed my teeth and they led me like a lamb to the slaughter to our bed. Becky wasn't tied down, but she was stretched out as if she were. Rhonda was with her on the bed, idly playing with one of her breasts, keeping her nipples nice and peaked for my viewing pleasure. I got on the bed and Becky's eyes widened when she saw my erection. I guess I was a little larger than her past boyfriend. 

Her pussy was moist and I wondered if it was anticipation or some other factor which had a clear bead of fluid at the bottom of her slit. The color coded plug was in her bottom. I paused and looked at her again and she blushed once more. My slaves had almost lost the ability to blush. Nothing much flustered them anymore, so seeing her redden under my scrutiny was delightful. After ten or so seconds of my silent regard, she looked as though she wanted to close her legs, but Rhonda noticed it too, and put her hand on her inner thigh, reminding her to keep them open. 

Crawling between her legs so she wasn't tempted to close them again, I lowered my mouth to her liquid folds and ran my tongue from her taint to her clit, gathering the dew she'd released, and causing her to gasp. I retraced my steps back down and she moaned softly.

"I thought you were going to fuck me. You look ready."

"I'm enjoying the expectation of fucking you. I can wait. I wanted to taste you first, while you're fresh and new."

--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
She blushed again but smiled. 

"I'm all yours."

"Yes, you are," I growled before inserting a finger and licking again. Her hips arched and she gasped again at the sudden intrusion.

I licked her, delighting in her flavor, the tang of it, the sweetness underlying the tartness. At first, I left only the single digit inside her, but after her first orgasm, I inserted a second, enriching her climax. My left hand was playing with her right breast, while Rhonda still caressed the left. I gave her a second orgasm before licking my way up her body and tasted her other mouth, the soft feminine lips, giving her the two fingers to lick which had just been inside her. She was wearing perfume, my favorite. Julia must have put it on her. I inhaled against her neck, nibbling an ear lobe.

I felt a hand on my prick, aiming it at Becky's molten core, then a second, and knew my two slaves were helping me. When I was properly placed, I flexed slightly, inserting the head in her. She gasped again, feeling my crown spread her nether lips the way my fingers had. Gently, I nudged forward, thrusting another inch inside.

"Oh, fuck," Becky moaned. "It feels so good."

"So does your cunt," I said. "Nice and tight and wet. Just perfect."

I fed her another inch, then another. She was panting. "Oh, oh, oh," Becky murmured with each addition movement deeper inside. Finally, our pubic bones rubbed against each other, the hair matted down. I slid out about four inches then back in. Becky orgasmed around my cock, pulsating around her fullness, moaning deeply.

I fucked her nice and slow, using most of my prick until she climaxed again. Now I needed to cum. I put my arms under her legs and moved them to my shoulders, bending her in two. I sped up, using every inch of my dick to develop speed on the down stroke, smacking against her clit. The sodden sounds of our flesh smacking together ringing through the room. Becky climaxed again, shuddering. I didn't slow down, kept driving deep inside, punishing her pussy.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck," she whimpered. "I'm still cumming."

As was I. The anticipation of fucking this delightful creature, the length of time I'd been hard, the slick tightness and the plug were too much for me and I grunted as I flooded her pussy with cream. I was still pulsing out the last of my cum a minute later. I finally pulled out and Julia and Lisa were there to clean me off while Rhonda attended to a very limp Becky, still shaking sporadically as aftershocks went through her.

"I've never been fucked like that before," Becky whispered hoarsely. "That was incredible."

I'd learned the importance of cuddling females after sex, I lived with enough of them. I lay down beside her and pulled her into my arms and kissed and stroked her, touching all the nice sensitive spots on her body.

"It was incredible for me too. You're a marvelous lover."

"I didn't do anything," she protested, "you did it all."

"Nonsense. I was inspired by your incredible body, your responsiveness. Even the moans you made while I fucked you were music. I've been wanting to fuck you ever since Julia sent me your video. I couldn't possibly have enjoyed it more."

I wasn't lying either. I'd enjoyed hell out of it. I had been inspired. It was a wonderful fuck. I continued kissing and nibbling, everything within reach without having to move too much. Suddenly, Becky pushed against me, making me back up.

"What's the matter?" I asked. "Am I doing something wrong?"

"No. I felt your cock stir against my leg. You must be recovering. I want to suck you to another erection so you can fuck someone else." 

She scrambled down the bed and took my cock in my mouth. I don't know if it had been stirring before, I hadn't noticed; but it was certainly stirring now. As I grew, she worked to take all of me inside her. She had to work at it, but eventually she could deep throat even my full erection.

Julia was stroking her hair, her face, calling her a good girl for doing so well with my cock. When she was certain I was fully erect, she pulled Lisa into a sixty-nine with her on the bottom, telling me to fuck Lisa as well as I'd fucked her.

I did. Between Becky licking Lisa's clit and me plowing her pussy, Lisa had a number of strong orgasms before I emptied myself a second time. I was happy to see Julia and Rhonda tribbing beside us on the bed, rubbing their cunts together and cumming as well. When I pulled out of Lisa, Becky's mouth was right there to clean me, then clean my slave.

I rolled over, panting. "I think that about does it for me," I moaned. "I'm bushed."

"You poor man," Becky said. "Work hard all week, then come home and work hard some more. You've had no one to take care of you. Why don't you lie on your stomach and let me rub your back for you?"

"A back rub does sound nice," I said, rolling onto my stomach. 

Becky sat on my buttocks and I fell asleep while she massaged my back. It felt so good.

******
--------------------------------------------
|Title: A Taste of Slavery Ch. 68|
|Author: Thors_Fist|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/a-taste-of-slavery-ch-68|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<i>This is the final chapter of A Taste of Slavery, sort of. I'm sure the characters will appear elsewhere at some time, as long as I keep writing BDSM. There is a bit of explanation at the end which I think is enlightening, talking about my writing process somewhat. I think you'll enjoy it. This chapter contains, oral, anal, lesbian, interracial and group sex. Congratulations to anyone who read the whole thing - it's over a million words long.</i>

<b>A Taste of Slavery, Ch 68 - Wendy, pt 2 and Conclusion</b>

SCOTT

I was slowly waking up the following morning, still feeling pretty whipped from the last two weeks. It seemed I hadn't slowed down at all. Lucia delivering, the wedding, two weeks of work. It was a lot. I was looking forward to a fairly lazy day. Almost as soon as my eyes were open, someone was sucking my knob. I looked down to see Becky working it over, and doing a damn fine job of it as well. She soon had me hard and ready.

I pulled her up to my face and whispered, "You want to get fucked already?"

"No. Julia didn't get fucked last night and she should get a turn."

I looked at Julia, who was still slumbering beside me.

"Julia's still asleep."

"Do you think she'll stay asleep after she feels your prick nudging her pussy? She would have loved to fuck you last night. I know how much she misses you."

"How do you know that?"

"She talks about you constantly. You can hear the love and adoration in her voice every time she speaks of you."

I kissed her. "You are adorable."

I turned over on my side and pulled Julia against me, began nuzzling her neck and kissing the nape, nipping the trapezius muscle which always gave her goose bumps.

"Mmm. Can I help you, Master," Julia said, sleepily. 

"Becky suggested you might want to be fucked this morning."

"Becky is a smart girl, Master. Your slave would love to be fucked."

"How and where?"

"Riding you and in my cunt."

"Becky did all the work. I'm ready to ride."

Julia rolled over and mounted me, sliding down as if we'd engaged in foreplay for an hour. She sighed and started riding me, up and down. 

Julia saw Becky lying there watching us and said, "Master has a mouth that can be put to good use, Becky."

"May I, Scott?" She asked. 

"Of course."

She got over me facing Julia and since Julia was doing most of the work at the other end, I could concentrate on the furry, furrowed, folds above my mouth. She was soon dripping liquid honey. I couldn't see squat, but I could feel them leaning towards each other and hear the kissing and soft moans as they played above me.

Becky spasmed at about the same time as Julia, one clenching my cock in velvet covered steel, the other drizzling more liquid on my tongue. The Impulse e-stim device seemed to be working well. Two weeks with it and Julia's cunt seemed tighter in her grip as she orgasmed. Both of them climaxed again, Julia three times, Becky twice before I arched upward into Julia's cunt and jetted my load deep inside. Julia invited Becky to clean her after Julia cleaned me. Becky was not shy in sucking my cum from Julia's cunt.

As big as the bed is, it wasn't big enough for our activities not to waken Lisa and Rhonda, so they'd entertained themselves as well. We were all lying limply after, breathing hard and relaxing before we had to get up. We heard the baby monitor announcing Lucas was ready for breakfast.

"I'll get him," Becky said, jumping up.

"Do you know how to change his diaper?" Julia asked.

"I was changing my youngest brother's diaper when I was twelve. He's twelve now." She disappeared.

I stroked Julia's cheek. "When you cum, there's a noticeable difference in your pussy's grip on my prick. Two weeks and it seems maybe ten percent tighter. The Impulse seems to be working. I noticed it last night with Lisa too."

"A warning, sir. Becky was a squirter once," Lisa said. "Rhonda got a mouthful again."

"What caused it? Anal play, the Impulse?"

"No, Master," Julia replied. "I was trying to show Becky what being a slave was like. Lisa was riding her face and she had to concentrate on licking her while Rhonda was pleasuring Becky. When Becky asked to cum, I wouldn't let her. She held off for about five minutes when she levitated off the bed even though her hands and feet were tied. It was a very powerful orgasm, sir. She hasn't squirted since, but we should be aware it could happen."

"Are you and Rhonda still squirting when you use the Impulse?"

"Yes, sir. It varies in volume and intensity, but we still use it outside, or with a couple towels on the bed."

Becky returned with Lucas. "Diaper changed, all ready for breakfast." She handed him to Julia who put him to her breast. Becky got back on the bed, kissing each of us.

"I'm not the world's best cook," Becky said, "but I can fry an egg okay. Fried eggs for breakfast?"

"We'll help," I said. "We need to mix up solid food for Lucas."

We all padded to the kitchen. Lisa started on the baby food, I put on an apron and started frying up bacon. Rhonda made toast and put out cheese slices, and Becky started on the fried eggs.

"An apron, Scott?" Becky giggled.

"How often have you fried bacon while nude?" I asked.

"Never." 

"Talk to me after you've had hot bacon grease spatter on your private parts."

"Do you have another apron?" Becky asked.

I grabbed another one from the pantry and tossed it to her. "With age comes wisdom, child," I said. "Don't make fun of your elders."

As it turned out, Becky was reasonably good at making fried eggs over easy and we made fried egg, cheese and bacon sandwiches on toast, then cleaned up.

"What were your plans for today, Master?" Lisa asked as we cleaned.

"As much rest as possible, maybe sit in the hot tub awhile, swim a few laps for exercise."

"I hope fucking is on the agenda?" Becky said. "I've really enjoyed the fucking."

"Fucking is always on the agenda," Julia said. "The only question is how much you're willing to work for it."

"As hard as I must," Becky said.

"Master, I'd like to suggest we go out for dinner at Luigi's tonight," Julia said. "I told Becky to bring something nice to wear."

"Are you willing to wear the Silhouette's tonight while we dine?"

"We only have three, sir," Julia said. "I think Becky should wear one as well."

"You can wear the Impulse," I told her.

"You want me to squirt at Luigi's?" Julia asked. "I would if you wanted me to, Master."

"We'll only use the vibrating function."

Julia smiled. "The cleaning staff might have some extra mop up to do on our chairs, sir."

"We'll warn Sharon."

"This will certainly be a fun night," she said. "Becky, before we go outside, we need to trade up another size in anal plugs."

"Okay, whatever you say."

Rhonda and I cracked a bottle of wine and took it and four glasses outside after they told me Becky drank it as well. In fifteen minutes, Julia and and Becky joined us. I was in the hot tub, the others were swimming laps. Julia was carrying the Impulse as well. She handed me the remote.

"Do you want to do the honors, Master?" Julia asked.

"You've been doing fine on your own," I answered. "You may continue to do so."

Julia had Becky insert it in her cunt, accompanied by a few licks and kisses to the same area, found her favorite vibration and lay down in a lounge. She told Becky to lick her cunt now, and that she was going to squirt in her face later. She'd try to warn her, but be prepared. Becky began licking Julia's cunt. As far as I knew, none of the women particularly enjoyed being squirted in the face and I wondered what Becky would do. Before turning the e-stim on, Julia told her to move back as otherwise, Becky would be shocked. She started the electronic pulses, spending six minutes at each level, before raising it to the next. Just as with every other time I'd seen it, Julia started shaking during the e-stim, the shaking becoming worse at each level. 

"Be ready," Julia warned before going to the third. "I usually squirt any time after this."

She bumped it up a level and was shuddering like she was freezing to death. 

"I'm cumming," Julia moaned as she started to squirt. Becky tried to catch it, but it was going everywhere. Mostly, it went all over her face, soaking her. Julia went up to the next level and more came out, not as copious as before, nor did it shoot as far. Becky leaned in trying to get more of it in her mouth. I think she would have covered Julia's cunt if she weren't worried about getting shocked. Julia turned it on the highest level, looking as if she were having a seizure, and squirted again, less than the first time and more than the second. Six minutes on the last setting and her thirty minutes was up. She called Becky to her and told her to do what she could to clean her up. Becky did exactly that, lapping every drop she could find on Julia's skin.

"Rhonda, you're next. Let's see if you can give Becky a little of what she gave you."

"Yes, Domina."

Rhonda took her place on the lounge and went through the exact same process with almost the same results, except she only squirted once on the fifth level. Becky was again drenched, and cleaned up afterward.

Lisa did hers next. Lisa didn't squirt, she just got very soggy, cum running down under the chair like she was drizzling. She was, by far, the easiest for Becky to clean up after. Becky wanted to try the Impulse next. Julia helped insert the double egg in her cunt, teasing and licking her clit as she did, making Becky cum. Julia showed her how it operated, told her to find her favorite vibration pattern before turning on the electronic stimulation. 

"Go slowly, spend two or three minutes at each electronic level before going to the next. If it hurts, turn it off. We don't want to torture you. You won't necessarily squirt, so don't worry if you don't."

"Okay."

I was surprised when Julia stayed seated at Becky's feet. I guess she decided she could take it if Becky had. Becky found her vibration pattern which was the same as Julia's. She started on the stimulation. Like all the others, she started shaking as soon as she turned it on.

"Oh, fuck," she gasped and squirted, fairly weakly, splashing Julia's cunt. She left it on that level for a couple minutes, then cranked it up a notch, squirting on Julia's stomach. Julia started rubbing it in to her skin, while stroking Becky's thigh, ignoring the tingling in her hand from the juice.

"That's it, baby. Cum for me," Julia said. 

On the third level, Becky shot high enough and far enough to cover Julia's tits. Becky was exclaiming, "Oh, God! Oh, God! Oh, God" as the fluid flew through the air. I couldn't believe what I was watching. Julia let it wash over her, spreading it around like suntan lotion.

"Cum for me," she said.

When Becky raised the level again, it hit Julia in the face and she closed her eyes. It was coming in pulses, like sperm from my cock, jet, jet, jet. 

"One more, baby, one more level. Cum, dear."

Becky bumped it up again, started screaming, loud enough the neighbors probably heard, but not in pain, quaking from side to side, squirting like an unmanned fire hose, waving around as her torso convulsed with her movements, so hard it cleared the top of Julia's head when it was aimed at her, otherwise shooting all over the patio. I don't know where all the fluids had come from. I'd never seen anything like it. The other two slaves were watching in amazement too. I don't think anyone had seen anything like it.

"Turn it off, Becky," Julia ordered, and she obeyed, still shaking, but gradually coming to rest with independent shudders making her tremble from time to time.

Julia started lapping at the soaked mess of Becky's cunt. She was still working at it five minutes later. Julia was soaked from head to crotch like being caught in a sudden rain shower.

"Did that feel good?" Julia asked.

"I don't know," Becky whispered. "It was certainly different. But it was almost too hard."

"Don't turn it up that high if it's too much."

"It didn't hurt, exactly. Just too intense."

"From now on, I'll control it. Don't use it without me."

"Okay."

Julia stroked Becky's cum soaked face and hair. "Good girl," she said and Becky beamed.

Fuck! Dollars to donuts, Becky was another slave. The only thing she wasn't doing was calling Julia Domina yet. It was only a matter of time. They went into the pool together and helped rinse each other off. Julia finger fucked her to a couple orgasms as a reward for being so good.

It turned out, Becky was insatiable. When she thought I'd be ready to fuck again, she was sucking my cock, getting me hard enough to fuck. She rode me to several shattering climaxes before I arched up into her body, sending a torrent of cum into her. An hour later, she had me ready to fuck Lisa again. By lunch she had me fucking Julia. But it wasn't just me. She was fucking anything that moved. Rhonda was working out on the heavy bag, punching and kicking. Becky asked her for a lesson, and inside fifteen minutes, they were on the mat, rolling around, faces buried in each other's cunt. 

Lisa was swimming laps and Becky waited for her at the end of the pool and when Lisa touched the edge, Becky grabbed her hair and pulled Lisa's face into her pussy. After Becky orgasmed, they swapped places. Julia and I were sitting on the edge of the spa cooling off a little and Becky started lapping at Julia's folds while she fondled my package. It's how I ended up fucking Julia before lunch. While I was fucking Julia, the baby monitor went off.

"Just keep fucking your wife, Scott. I've got the baby." 

Becky scurried off to get Lucas, bringing him out on the patio with some food after changing his diaper. She fed him while Rhonda and Lisa got food for the rest of us. 

After everyone sated their hunger, Becky handed me Lucas. "Hold your son a little bit," she said.

While I held him, she started sucking my cock again. When I was hard, she yelled to Rhonda, "He's up again. You want some of this, Rhonda."

"No thanks, I'm good."

Becky mounted me with Rhonda's complicity and with my son held between us, she fucked me. I had very little to do with it, contributing only the sperm when I gasped and pumped once to fill her again.

When my withering root fell out of her cunt, she went to Julia, sunning herself on a lounge and asked her if she wanted any of the cum dripping from her cunt. When Julia smiled and said yes, Becky spread her legs over the lounger and dropped her pussy over Julia's mouth until she orgasmed twice more. She tried to get another rise out of me after Lucas was put back in the nursery.

"Stop," I ordered as she bobbed up and down my cock, which felt chapped. "Just stop. We've got at least seven or eight more hours left of the day, including a nice dinner tonight. I don't want to keel over of exhaustion by four in the afternoon. One might almost think you'd taken out an insurance policy on me and were trying to fuck me to death."

Becky grinned up at me from between my legs. "I heard you were in LA without your slaves for a couple weeks. I thought you'd want to catch up on what you missed."

"You can't catch up on missed fucking. At least I can't. I'm not sure about you."

For the rest of the afternoon, she left me alone, though she still managed to cajole the three slaves into brief bouts of sexual play.

Julia and Lisa were sitting with me in the hot tub later in the afternoon. Rhonda appeared to be giving Becky another lesson. At least it wasn't disintegrating into another pussy fest.

"Are you sure her primary job was pizza delivery and not making five porno films a day?"

They both laughed. "She's just a young, high energy person with the momentary freedom to do what she wants sexually, sir," Lisa said. "Who knows if she'll ever get the opportunity to be so free again. Boys, girls, she's got it all at the moment and she was going through a dry spell."

"She's really stepped up and helped out, Master. You've seen how she is with Lucas. She worked for us all afternoon yesterday and did a bang up job. Even Shasta agrees she's a good asset and Janet will be going on maternity leave in a couple months. You know there's a good chance our business will explode as soon as a few eyeballs are on it. She's become an excellent cunt licker in a remarkably short time. Took to cock sucking lessons like a duck to water. She even managed to get all of you down without ever deep throating anyone before yesterday. She's trying to make herself useful and fit in. You can tell how much she wants to please."

"You've hired her, haven't you?"

"Yes," Julia said. "She starts a week from Monday. I like her. She's obviously fun."

"To what purpose?" I asked. "I know what you're thinking. I can see it myself. She's probably sex slave material. I can almost hear the Mistress in her sentence when she talks to you. But we can't have another sex slave. NO. N-O. Four is too many, for me anyway. Maybe Brianna could take more, but I'm only one man, not superman."

"If you don't think we can accept her, perhaps Jerry, Chen or even Sarah would take her, sir. All she needs is a little training and she'd be perfect for anyone looking for a slave who can handle cock or cunt. Sarah said she's looking into acquiring a woman. Janet can probably use an extra hand when the baby comes and she's obviously good with kids."

"Then one of them can train her. If you want to hire her for your business, I have no say in that, but I don't want a junior GI slave in training running around every evening and weekend. It's too much."

"As you wish, Master," Julia replied. "She won't be invited back for play after this weekend. Only work."

"As long as we understand one another. Lisa, you're in agreement?"

"Your word is law, sir. I'll do whatever you say."

She still managed to fuck me one more time before we went out when she was showering with me. Julia was right. Becky was adorable and eager and so damn cute. She was tiny enough that when she got me hard, she climbed up my body and lowered herself over my shaft while the water poured over us. I'd fucked in the shower before, but always with the woman bent over. With her naked soapy tits rubbing against my chest and bouncing up and down. It only took five minutes before I closed my eyes, groaned and felt her take another load of cum. I'd be lucky if I made it out of the weekend alive.

We had to get all the baby things together to take to my parents. They were looking after Lucas tonight and agreed to drop him off tomorrow before they went to church. Becky was surprised when the others dressed and they didn't wear underwear especially given what they were wearing, which was all pretty tarty. Clothes only long enough to cover their vaginal slave jewelry and barely covering their breasts. They either had deep plunges, high slits, low backs or some other form of hinting at the bareness and beauty underneath. She decided to copy their example and her breasts bounced freely under her frock.

The last time the girls had been to Luigi's had been with Bill and Regina and more than the usual antics had taken place, smoothed over with some of Bill's money. I'd heard all about it and found it enjoyable to listen to the tales as poor Regina had been quite a slut, even licking our favorite waitress, Sharon, at the table. The long table cloths kept other dining guests from specifically seeing the sex under the table, but not long enough they hadn't known there was sex occurring under the table. 

After dropping off Lucas at the parents with his food and everything else they needed, we drove to the restaurant. While still in the car, I personally inserted the Silhouette in each of the women with the exception of Julia, who got the Impulse. 

"Have you ever cum in front of a room full of people?" I asked Becky.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"No."

"You will tonight," I said. "You might want to learn to control your reactions to being pleasured a little or everyone in the restaurant will know what a horny slut you are." 

I turned each of them on long enough to test them. Becky jumped when I turned hers on.

"That's what you need to learn to control," I whispered to her, then led them into the restaurant. 

The hostess seated us in Sharon's section. When Sharon saw us, she approached, leaned forward and in a low voice said, "How are my favorite pervs? Who's wearing the Slave Trainer tonight? The new girl? Is she a new slave?"

"No Slave Trainers tonight, Sharon, though you might want to bring us an extra eight to ten napkins tonight. The new girl is Becky and she's not a slave, just a guest for the weekend. She apparently was interested in seeing what sex with women was like." Becky blushed prettily. "The napkins might help with clean up after. The girls will be cumming often tonight."

"The new girl's cute. You always have the best looking women."

"I'm not sure I can claim credit for that. Julia picked her out." 

"Let me get this straight, so I can reassure my manager. I won't have to agree to lick a slave so she can cum. No one is going to do any licking or sucking under the table, but you think your slaves will cum so much they might get their seats messy?" 

"That sums it up fairly well."

"Why will they be cumming?"

I pulled a remote out of my breast pocket and turned one on. It happened to be the white one, Rhonda's. You could hear a low buzz, but nothing beyond the extent of the table since it was buried in her pussy. Rhonda was used to the games and barely made any indication it was now buzzing merrily away in her cunt. 

"Can I see?"

She looked over the edge of the table and Rhonda raised the hem of her dress so Sharon could see the little white tail sticking out, wriggling like something living was trying to crawl inside her.

Sharon laughed and waved her hand telling Rhonda she could lower the dress. Rhonda smiled and did.

"I'll get the napkins right away."

"Would you like to wear one tonight, Sharon? The remote has a range of fifty to sixty feet."

"Oh, no. Don't involve me in your games, Scott. I'd probably drop a couple platters of spaghetti all over some guest when you turned it on. Besides, my husband probably wouldn't appreciate other people giving me orgasms unless he was there to watch. I'll be back with your napkins and menus."

"Why was she asking about Slave Trainers and licking and sucking under the table?" Becky asked.

I turned Becky's on and she jumped. Julia explained all. Before Julia had finished, Sharon had stopped by with the extra napkins and menus. Becky looked at Sharon. 

"You did that for Julia?"

Sharon nodded and blushed. 

"You're my new heroine," Becky said. 

Sharon squeezed her shoulder and left. Everyone stuffed a couple napkins under their bottoms and Julia continued telling about the other times we'd been here and what happened then. By the time Julia finished explaining, Becky was starting to slide down her seat with an unmistakeable expression on her face. I turned her Silhouette off. She glared at me.

"Just when I was about to cum," she whispered. "Why not let it run?"

"How loud would you have been when you climaxed?"

"I don't know. Guess we won't find out."

I turned it back on and she gasped, "Oh, fuck. Oh, fuck." And started squirming. Then she moaned loud enough people at the two closest tables turned to look. Becky's face was scrunched up in ecstasy. She gripped the edge of the table, shivering. It reminded me of the scene in 'When Harry Met Sally' and Meg Ryan was pretending to have an orgasm at her lunch table, everyone looking at her, only Becky wasn't pretending. The only thing missing was the "Oh, Yeahs." I let it flow through her, then turned it off. 

For the rest of the evening, I was turning two or three of them on at random intervals, leaving them on for five to ten minutes at a time. Usually, the slaves were getting at least two orgasms out of it, maybe more. Becky always got at least one. The slaves were relatively good at hiding them, though they didn't always bother. They didn't scream out they were cumming, but short of that, it was relatively easy to tell if you were watching. The people at the surrounding table were usually watching. Becky hid it the least well. Everyone could tell when she orgasmed. 

Rhonda, perhaps due to her employment was always the best at concealing her orgasms. Her dark skin helped too, as you couldn't see her flushing. Mostly, I could tell because she'd be gritting her teeth sitting perfectly still, save for perhaps the tiniest of hip thrusts, then she'd flow back into her normal movement when it was over. 

Of course Sharon had noticed their orgasms from close range as she took our orders, brought our food, refilled our water glasses. 

"You pervs have the greatest time," Sharon said, bringing us the dessert menu. "Becky's a total sweetheart the way she cums. I'd love to have her face between my legs."

"Sharon!" I said, sounding shocked. I wasn't shocked since I'd seen and heard how much she and Phil had enjoyed coming over. "One might almost think you liked women licking your pussy?"

"Get over it," she punched me in the shoulder. "You saw the photos and videos they took. You know how much I enjoyed your wife and Rhonda nibbling my lady bits. Not enough to want to risk messing up my marriage, but I had fun."

"So what is it about Becky that makes you want her between your legs?"

"She's just so gol darn cute, like a little puppy. Like a baby you want to smother with kisses or something. I don't know what it is exactly. She's not beautiful in the way the others are, but there's something about her. She's adorable. I don't know how to describe it."

"Everyone says adorable and I see it too. I don't know why either. What time do you get off tonight?"

"No. I'm not going to do that. Phil and I didn't have to smooth over too many bumps playing around at your house and going to your bonding, but he was pretty upset I let that slave lick me when Mr. Thornhill was there. Only reason he didn't pop a gasket is the tip I made that night and I didn't do anything but sit there getting licked. I don't want to do any of this on a regular basis. Maybe something like an anniversary every five years, but not regular. Too many things can go wrong. I'm settled in my ways."

"Not even ten minutes in the back of a car with Becky between your legs?"

"God, that's tempting, but no. If I did that without Phil there, it would be cheating on him. I didn't cum when I helped out your wife, so it wasn't as bad. This would be worse."

"Okay. Understood. I'll quit tempting you."

We finished up and in the car, I turned on the vibrators all the way home. Since they no longer had to hide what was happening, the car was filled with the sounds of climaxing women and the scent of sex permeated the air. After parking, I left the windows down so it could air out. Inside the house, I fucked Lisa while Becky was underneath her licking. Becky managed to get me hard enough to fuck again, but Julia said since Becky was going home after this weekend, to go ahead and enjoy her. I fucked her doggy style while she licked Julia. It took me twenty-five minutes to cum I'd fucked so much today. As I was going to sleep, I heard Julia telling Becky they had to change her anal plug again, so she could prepare her ass to be fucked by me tomorrow. I groaned, turned over and went to sleep.

******

Thank God I woke up the next morning without anyone licking my dick. Julia had Lisa between her legs, moaning softly. Julia's face had cum on it, so suspected this was a tit for tat arrangement.

"Where are the other two?" I asked.

Julia answered since Lisa's mouth was otherwise occupied. "Becky woke up early and wanted another self defense lesson, sir, though whether or not she's still getting self defense or something else is unknown. Rhonda got up with her so she could nap later to prepare for work tonight."

I got up and padded outside. The self defense lesson had deteriorated to sex. I shook my head, went inside to see what we had for breakfast. Without groceries, it looked like waffles or pancakes. I started a grocery list until the others joined me. I was not a pancake maker. Eggs, more milk, more bacon and sausage, hamburger, chicken, more juice, potatoes, vegetables. The entire larder was down. 

My parents arrived and dropped Lucas off. They couldn't stay as they were off to church. His diaper was dry, but I brought him to Julia as he sounded like he was getting hungry. She put him on her breast.

"I'll get some of his other food prepared, but we need food. All we have enough of is pancake mix and I'm not good making pancakes, so Lisa, if you could start making them, I'm starving."

She pulled out of Julia's twat and said, "Yes, Master," and got up after giving Julia a brief kiss.

"Get Rhonda to help if you need it. She's not doing anything important either."

"If you think sex isn't important, Master, you don't realize how cranky we get without enough."

I laughed. "Well, I have been gone for two weeks, but I tried to ensure you wouldn't get cranky."

She kissed me as she walked by, and a fleeting, "Thank you for that, sir."

"Nobody can say they aren't getting enough sex this weekend," I said to Julia.

She smiled and said, "No, they can't."

I went to work on the baby food, warming up the food which required it while Lisa, Rhonda and Becky worked on breakfast. Becky mostly poured juice and set the table. Julia joined us after a few minutes and I put Lucas in his high chair and started feeding him. The pancakes started hitting the table.

"There isn't any reason Lucas can't have a bite of pancakes with syrup on is there?"

"None at all, sir, though he shouldn't eat more than a bite as it's not as good for him as his regular food," Lisa said. "He doesn't need teeth to gum a piece of pancake."

"When does he get his first tooth?" I asked.

"Should be any time now, sir," Julia said "Around six months and we're close."

I fed Lucas in between eating my own. He did seem to like the pancake. I'm sure the sweetness appealed to him. 

As I ate, Julia was talking to Becky. "We'll be taking out your plug in an hour or so. You should be stretched out enough Master may fuck your ass. We'll cleanse you first so you can suck his cock afterward and get him ready for your first double penetration. Once you've been fucked anally, a nice double penetration is the next step. You know how nice it was being fucked with the plugs in. This will be even better."

"What if I don't like being fucked in the ass. I didn't the first two times it happened."

"Was your partner drunk?"

"We both probably had too much to drink. The only way I agreed to do it in the first place."

"That's your first mistake. The second is not being prepared properly. Master is an excellent anal lover. He knows how to do it so you can enjoy it. Essentially, he'll go as fast or slow as you want."

"He's so big."

"So's the plug in your ass now. It doesn't go as deep as Master does, but it actually has slightly more girth than he does. It didn't feel that bad going in, did it?"

"No," Becky agreed. "It almost felt good going in."

"So, you're worried about nothing, aren't you."

My cock started swelling listening to their conversation. Becky wasn't an anal virgin, but she hadn't enjoyed it before and I wanted her to enjoy it now. I almost decided to fuck someone now, but yesterday was a killer, so I decided to hold off until later. For my first time with her, she probably didn't want me lasting long anyway.

I put Lucas to bed while the kitchen was cleaned up, then went outside to swim a few laps and sit in the spa awhile. Rhonda came out and worked the heavy bag, then she did laps. 

About eleven, Julia came out and said, "Becky's ready, Master."

I dried off and went inside. Becky was on the bed, naked. Getting on the bed with her, I just kissed and made out with her, stroking and touching, preparing her body for sex. She was panting, ripe and ready for picking by the time I stopped. Julia lubed her little asshole thoroughly. Becky lubed my cock.

"I can't believe this is going to fit inside me. Will it hurt?"

"Hopefully, the most you feel is mild discomfort. If it hurts, we stop. You should be ready for this, and I'm leaving you in charge. I'm going to lie down on the bed, and I want you to mount me, except instead of going into your pretty pussy, it's going to go in your bottom. You go as slow or fast as you want to move. I won't do anything until you ask me to."

Becky gave me a quick peck on the cheek. Adorable. She got over me and Lisa helped place my cock at the entrance to her back door. Becky started lowering herself over my prick. I felt the muscular ring give way as the tip entered her. She gave a small grunt as the flange of my crown pierced her. She gave one very long sigh as she slid down to the bottom of my shaft.

"That wasn't bad at all," Becky whispered wonderingly. "It almost felt good."

"It will feel better as you grow used to it being in your ass," Julia said, stroking her cheek.

Becky sat on me for a few moments, then made a hesitant motion upward, maybe two inches, then down. Sat for a few moments, up slightly more then down. 

"Mmm. I'm starting to like this," Becky murmured.

Up halfway, then down. Up just below the flange, then down.

"How come this feels so good?" Becky said, up then down.

"Lots of nerve endings," Lisa said. "Done right, it feels wonderful."

Becky sped up, making a full cycle up and down every fifteen to twenty seconds or three or four a minute. Then a little faster, then faster yet.

"Oh, God. I think I'm going to cum soon." She sped up.

Within a minute, she spasmed, halfway down my cock, locked in place as she squeezed down on me. "Oh, oh, oh. There it is. I'm cumming."

Now she'd had an anal orgasm, I started rubbing her clit, extending it, strengthening it. She sank down, unable to hold herself up as she spasmed, cumming harder when she hit bottom. 

"Fuck," she exhaled, "it's so good."

She looked down at me. "I think I'm ready now. You can move if you want." 

I rose up on my elbows and told her to kiss me. She leaned down and parted her mouth for my tongue. Using my hips, I started fucking her, no more than a couple inches thrusting into her each time. She had her next orgasm, panting into my mouth. I laid back down and started hitting her with all of my cock, climaxing with her when she had her third.

Becky collapsed on my chest and I smoothed her short hair and kissed her as we both breathed hard from our exertions. 

"Not so bad, was it," I whispered in her ear.

"Pretty damn good," she panted back.

My prick started to slither out of her bottom and Julia said, "Suck him clean, Becky. Don't leave a mess. I'll do your ass."

Without hesitation, Becky moved down my body and started sucking my cock clean of cum. I wondered what Julia told them or showed them so a woman would have no hesitation going from ass to mouth. Becky was moaning delightfully as Julia lapped at her bottom. Sure enough, the little slut got me hard again in no time, despite the extent of our activities yesterday. 

Julia invited Rhonda to do the honors this double penetration and as Becky rode me, Rhonda fucked her ass with the strapless vibrator. Becky orgasmed multiple times, whimpering each time, before I sent another surge of cum into her. Julia encouraged her to clean me off once more as Lisa did the honors of extracting my cum from her furry cunt.

We broke for lunch after which Rhonda took a nap, Lisa went grocery shopping, and Julia fed Lucas again. Since Becky had been fucked in the ass a couple times, I went out to the hot tub with her and urged her to soak to relieve any tenderness she might be feeling. 

She took my advice though she said it wasn't that sore.

"Have you enjoyed your walk on the wild side?" I asked.

"I have. I was surprised when Julia asked me to come over, telling me she was the naked person who answered the door the first time I delivered pizza's. I was shocked when she initially opened the door, but intrigued as well. You know, the nudity and the slave jewelry, although I didn't know it was slave jewelry. I was scared to come over the second time because it seemed so weird and I wondered if I'd get kidnapped and sold or something. I was more comfortable when she told me there was a police officer here and gave me all of the names, and had me tell my manager I'd call in an hour to let him know I was okay. I didn't really relax until Rhonda showed me her badge and uniform. 

"I couldn't believe all the sex. No one pushed me into having sex, but made it available if I wanted it. I've never felt so aroused before. I wanted to fuck everyone. I didn't even mind licking all the twats during the cum break."

"I can't say I haven't enjoyed your sojourn here. You're a very sweet and pliant person..."

"You mean you could bend me in two?"

"No, that would be pliable. Pliant is someone who's biddable, eager to please, tractable, yielding. You've been up for whatever anyone wanted to do."

"Hell, yes! It's so much fun. I've never had so much fun."

"You do realize it can't continue, right? I think four people are enough in one relationship. I don't want to add another."

"Yes. Julia told me. She said I could work here, which means I'd be seeing her and the others and get to have cum breaks with them, but not to expect another weekend like this. I was hoping if I were nice enough, I could stay overnight sometimes, because I really have enjoyed myself."

"It has nothing to do with how nice you are. I'm only one guy. You nearly fucked me to exhaustion yesterday. If you were here all the time, I don't think I'd survive without my dick falling off."

"I know I've been hornier than I usually am. I'm not usually this bad. I know part of it was just trying to make myself useful. I thought I might get invited back occasionally if I were; useful that is. The sex was part of that, but I admit I don't think I've ever wanted it so bad."

"I'm sorry I can't be more hopeful. If there weren't three already, I'd certainly consider adding you, but I love the others and I'd never give any of them up."

"I wouldn't expect you to. I'm fond of them all myself and I've only known them four days. I understand, really I do. I don't blame you. I know I'm a handful."

"I'm sure you can find someone else. Did Julia tell you if you're actually interested in partaking of a submissive lifestyle, we have some friends who might be interested in you? Two Master's who I would recommend to anyone and a Mistress if you think you'd be more interested in a woman Dominant?"

"She mentioned it. I haven't made up my mind yet. I'm not sure about the punishment thing. It scares me."

"Of course."

"If it's the last day I can fuck you, would you mind doing it again? You're much better than my boyfriend was."

"No, not at all. I've enjoyed sex with you very much. Out here or on the bed?"

"The bed please."

I helped dry her off, took her hand and led her into the house. We met Julia coming out and asked her to join us. She took Becky's other hand and we went to the bedroom. Since it was her last time, I asked how she wanted to do it.

"My boyfriend never let me get on top. I'd like to get on top like I did for the anal, only my pussy this time."

"Your wish is my command," I replied, "though I'm going to need a little help for this."

"No problem." "Yes, Master," and both of them immediately proceeded to lick and kiss and suck my cock and balls. In five minutes, you could hang a towel on it. Becky mounted my shaft easily. In ten seconds, she was riding me up and down, moaning.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"My mouth is available, slave," I said. "Don't let it go to waste."

"Yes, Master. My pleasure." 

They both rode me, just as they'd done yesterday morning but in reverse. I was tasting my sweet wife, my first slave, while our little fireball of a guest rode my cock. It took a long time to extract my cum. I was actually surprised I had any left since Friday night, but it had been three hours since the last time. My body must have been working overtime to make it. I left a surprising amount in her, which I discovered when I decided to clean her myself. Despite the cream pie, she tasted delightful. Julia cleaned me off. 

We were cuddled together on the bed, basking in the aura and relaxation of completed and wonderful sex, prime fucking, all three of us replete.

Becky said, "I suppose if I got a girlfriend, I wouldn't have to start birth control again."

As relaxed as I was, it took about ten seconds for that sentence to impinge on my actual, conscious, wide awake, logical brain.

"What?"

"Birth control. I won't need it if I get a girlfriend. You know, no sperm."

"You're not on birth control now?"

"No."

Julia was starting to catch up. "You told me you were on the pill with your boyfriend?"

"Yeah, but we broke up like, ten weeks ago. I don't have health insurance and it was too much of an expense to keep it up when I wasn't having sex anymore."

"You just had unprotected sex with me, multiple times over two days?"

"But it was only a couple days," Becky said. "I've missed a day of taking a pill, had sex and didn't get pregnant. If I'd kept having sex with you, I would have gone back on the pill. When I came here on Wednesday, I was only expecting to have sex with women. It's not that big of a deal, really."

"How long since you've had your period, Becky?" Julia asked.

"A couple weeks."

"Did you finish out your last pill prescription before you stopped taking them?"

"Yeah. I had maybe a weeks worth left. At the time, I thought I'd get another boyfriend fairly soon, but then I decided to take a break from sex and the pill. They say you shouldn't stay on it constantly."

"Did you know, Julia?" I demanded, wondering if this was her attempt to acquire another slave.

"No, Master. I didn't know. I didn't even know her last name, remember. She told me she'd been on the pill and I thought she still was. It wasn't critical when it was just us having sex with her."

"What wasn't critical?" Lisa said, standing at the door. "Could I get help putting away the groceries?"

"Did you know Becky wasn't on birth control?" I asked.

"She isn't? I thought she was," Lisa said, looking worried. Maybe as worried as I looked right now.

"Apparently not for nine weeks," I said, "since she wasn't having sex with men; before now anyway."

"Really guys," Becky said. "I don't think it's that big a deal. Don't you have to have sex during a particular time of the month to get pregnant?"

"Yeah," Julia said, "the five days right before ovulation, roughly two weeks from your last period."

Maybe Becky started to get a little worried. "I heard it wasn't that easy to get pregnant after you go off the pill," Becky said.

"If you're my age and have been on it for years," Lisa said. "I'm not sure it applies to twenty-four year olds in the prime of their child bearing years who haven't been on it that long."

"I'm sorry. I didn't even think it would be a problem. Didn't seem to be that big of a deal to me."

"If you are pregnant, at your age and without a partner, would you want to keep it?" I asked.

"I've never thought about it. I think I'd have a hard time killing a baby."

Christ. What the fuck were we going to do if she was pregnant. 

"Becky," I said, "please do me a favor, pack up your things and leave. I really can't look at you right now and I need to think about the pickle we might be in."

"I'm sorry. I didn't want to cause any trouble. Honest. I just didn't think."

Julia kissed her. "Go on Becky. It would have been nice if you said something, but we should have asked too. We won't blame you without also blaming ourselves, but you really should go."

It only took her about ten minutes to gather her few things together and leave. She was crying as she left. I almost felt sorry for her, but how irresponsible she'd been not to say something. Julia was right though. We should have asked. We'd asked Wendy and Rhonda before having sex with them, but Wendy was a virgin and Rhonda a gold star lesbian. I hadn't expected them to be on birth control. Becky had been young and foolish thinking precautions weren't necessary because she was only hooking up for a couple days.

As we put groceries away, we talked. We talked some more when Rhonda woke up, and she said she was clueless also. We talked for hours on end for the rest of the week I was home. I think we all hoped Becky was right and we were blowing it all out of proportion. Becky called the day after she left and and asked if she still had a job. Julia assured her one thing had nothing to do with the other and she should have health insurance if she was pregnant. She was sobbing the whole time she was on the phone. I could hear her even though she was on the phone with Julia. 

When Julia hung up, I asked, "How soon can a home pregnancy test determine pregnancy?"

"Fairly early, sir. The one I took to determine I was pregnant figured it out at about three weeks time. I think it can be as early as the first missed period."

"So if Becky had a period two weeks ago approximately, her next one would be in two weeks and she could take the test then? One week after she starts working with you?"

"Correct, sir."

"Am I correct in thinking she was in her fertile period when she was here."

Julia looked down. "Yes, Master, if she was right about the date of her period. Perhaps we should have tried for more details, but most women are fairly certain of their periods," she said softly. "I'm sorry, sir. I should have asked. It might have explained why she was so eager for sex. I'm always aroused near my ovulation."

"I should have asked, too. What can I say," I said ruefully. "I saw her in your video and thought, 'I have to have her.' I quit thinking afterward except with my dick. Not the first man to ever do so and likely, not the last either." I shook my head. "Whatever it is, we'll figure it out."

"I know you'll do the right thing, Master."

The week dragged on forever, nor was the one following in LA any shorter. It felt like I was watching the timer on a bomb, waiting for it to explode. I kind of skipped any opportunities for fucking while I was there. Thought my dick had gotten me into enough trouble recently. We talked every day I was gone. Julia told me Becky was doing well. Working very hard, perhaps trying to make up for not telling us she might be fertile. She hadn't even participated in any of the cum breaks, neither giving nor receiving, grabbing a quick bite and getting back to work as fast as she could. 

The thing of it was, she was a very sweet girl. I liked her a lot when she was at the house. Eager to please, enthusiastic, energetic, laughing, teasing. She had a lot of very nice qualities. On Thursday night, Julia told me she'd purchased a pregnancy test and they'd use it tomorrow and let me know how it went. She said she was inviting Becky to stay for dinner if she was positive. We could talk when I got home. I canceled my participation in poker night. I was either going to be busy doing something which needed to be done, or so relieved I was going to get drunk.

Friday morning, at 7:50 AM, I received a text from Julia. It was short. 

Becky's pregnant, Master.

******

JULIA

"So that's how we got the cat," I said. The cat was sleeping in the sun at the moment.

I was speaking to Sarah, seated in a chair across from me having her cunt licked by a truly magnificent slave. She was moaning, and with good reason. She was on her third orgasm in the last ten minutes.

I was also being attended to; by Sarah's new slave, Jiao. Jiao had just finished her training with Mistress Dark and Sarah had come down to Fresno to fetch her. 

"How do you like her?" I asked Sarah.

"She's fantastic. This slave is amazing, as good as anyone I've ever had. How is Jiao?"

"Mistress Dark has always trained good slaves. If they can't lick cunt adequately, they'll never graduate and their asses are constantly burning from punishment."

"Tell me about it," Sarah said. "My one day with her was miserable."

Jiao paused in her licking. "Mistress underwent training with Mistress Dark?"

"Yes, Mistress Dark believes in order to be a good Mistress, you have to understand the slave mind, and the best way to understand the slave mind is to be one for a short while. She was a submissive herself once which is how she formed her beliefs. Before she trained me as a Mistress, I had to undergo one day as her slave. Now get busy. No one told you to stop licking Julia's cunt."

"Yes, Mistress." Her delicate tongue renewed its assault on my dewy folds.

"Where are the others anyway?" Sarah asked.

"Master and Lisa are on a date. Rhonda is grocery shopping. We buy a lot more groceries now. Four slaves, two of them pregnant, plus we try to provide lunch for the employees."

"How are the date nights going?"

"Well. It was a good plan. A lot of times we go dancing, now everyone has learned ballroom dancing. Master initially sent us to Club 65 for lessons, but when it became clear we wouldn't always get the windowless room so we could dance naked, Master started hiring Ricardo to come here on his two evenings off to teach us. In addition to his payments, Ricardo gets to fuck one of us. Rhonda has declared Ricardo is cunt worthy and even allows him to fuck her. She says he has great rhythm. She has three cunt worthy cocks now. Of course, with Lisa and Becky so pregnant now, he mostly fucks Rhonda or I."

"I'm so glad we all decided to stay in touch this time and not let all that time pass between speaking to each other," Sarah said.

"Me, too. As soon as Rhonda and Lisa said they'd met a girl who seemed interested in the D/s lifestyle, I thought I needed to meet her to see which she was. As soon as I found she was a submissive, I thought of you. You told me prior to our bonding ceremony you thought you should get a female slave as well as Ron. Will this little lesbian slut have to fuck Ron?"

"As you know, Ron's probably more interested in a male cock or ass than a female cunt, but he will do what I tell him, and if Jiao is not sufficiently pleasing, Ron might serve to punish her by giving her a nice portion of dick. How did you determine whether Jiao was Dominant or submissive?"

Jiao began licking me harder. Sounded like a punishment she was afraid of.

"The direct way."

"By asking her?"

"Hell no. On our date night, Rhonda and I went to her lesbian bar again. I asked her to point out the two she and Lisa had fucked when they there. They weren't there when we got there, but came in later. Rhonda spotted them immediately. I thought Jiao looked positively delicious. I went up to her and ordered her to remove her clothing immediately, and if it wasn't off in fifteen seconds, she'd receive a spanking on her naked ass. She was startled, of course, didn't even know who I was, though she recognized Rhonda. 'Can't we go to one of the private rooms?' She asked. 'Ten seconds,' I replied, looking at my watch. She hastily started removing her clothing, but the slave slut had on too many. She didn't make it in time.

"I pulled her over my lap, pulled down her panties and spanked her bare buns with the entire club looking on. Of course, everyone enjoyed the spectacle and were rooting for me to smack her harder. I gave her twenty-five swats. I then pointed out to all the women present how wet your new slave's cunt was. It took me maybe half a minute or less to finger fuck her to an orgasm. Then I had her get on her knees and lick me to two climaxes. Then I had her lick Rhonda and Rosalinda to a couple orgasms to top it off; again, in front of everyone in the club. If it had been a Dominant I'd ordered to strip, she probably would have slapped me, but Jiao obeyed like a slave, so I knew she was one. After Becky, I knew I couldn't possibly hint at even keeping her myself, but I told her to text you and tell you she was a slave in need of a Mistress. How did you decide you wanted to keep her?"

Sarah laughed. "Is that how it went, slave. You may pull your face out of Julia's cunt long enough to answer." Sarah moaned suddenly, cumming again.

"Yes, Mistress. It's as Domina said."

Sarah laughed again as Jiao began licking me some more. 

"After you told me you had someone I might be interested in, I contacted her. We video chatted a few times to get to know one another a little better. Then I invited her up for a couple weeks to see how compatible we might be. Since it seemed we'd be a good match, I told her to give notice on her apartment and her job, and when she was free of both, she shipped her things to my house and I sent her to Mistress Dark's for a week. Since she was a lesbian, I wanted her exposed to cock because of Ron."

"She's a lovely girl and quite delightful. I was sure you'd enjoy her after her episode in the bar."

"So what else is new?" Sarah asked. "We heard about Regina, of course, because she's Ron's ex-wife, but not the juicy details. What went on with her?"

"After her week of slavery, she went about two months afterward, trying to reclaim her old life back. It didn't work; she was a slave now and knew she was. She tried submitting to Ed and Rob first, but later, she told me, 'They're just two big lugs who like to fuck. They didn't understand being a dominant nor my need to be a slave. It's not just keeping me naked and fucking me all the time. They fucked me all the time before and being naked didn't necessarily make me a slave, it just made me naked.' 

"She was invited to William's house warming party. Bill had several naked slaves displayed around the house, demonstrating the various features Master had built into every room, about six of Brianna's, both of Sam's, and Evelyn. Evelyn was prominently displayed in the living room. While Regina was there, taking it all in, she abruptly took off her clothes in front of everyone and asked Bill to accept her submission. Bill was hesitant at first, but he and Evelyn talked it over for a few days and William finally agreed to accept Regina as his slave. He said Regina could help keep his house clean since he doesn't hire help for house cleaning, and it is a huge house He told Regina if she was going to be his slave this time, not to expect to abide by the same rules as she had last time. Evelyn was his wife and Regina was not, therefore he would be harder on her than Evelyn. She agreed to abide by whatever rules he wished to make for her. 

"By the way, I should mention Bill was very happy with the house Master built him. Now he has two slaves and has many occasions to use the built in features to correct them. 

"Of course, she quickly found how different her new slavery was from the first. The first thing he did, was explain how her head would be shaved. I suspected he was testing her resolve to become submissive and how she'd respond. She certainly squawked about it when he suggested it during her initial week. But she told Bill to cut her hair off. He had all her hair made into a wig, which she can wear when he's happy with her. If he's not, she goes bald. He has her shave her head every time she shaves her cunt. I haven't seen her hair longer than bristles ever since. She had to get the same slave piercings Evelyn has, plus he had 'Whore' tattooed on her mons to commemorate her first slave name. It's also clear Evelyn is top slave in every way. Unless Bill countermands her order, Evelyn may order Regina around. It means she gets the shit jobs around the house like cleaning bathrooms. 

"Another thing he does is push them to be better or more pleasing than one another. They're each given a task first thing in the morning, both of them must perform. Whoever does the task best, such as suck his cock or shine his shoes, gets ten fewer spanks in the morning. The other one receives the additional ten the other didn't receive, in addition to their normal quota, and has to wear the Slave Trainer until the battery dies. Evelyn, being the more experienced slave and knowing her Master better, won most of the initial tasks, but Regina has started winning more frequently. Evelyn is still the winner most of the time, but she's been wearing a Slave Trainer more often. Despite the competitions between them, they've become great friends."

"Jiao, you hear that?" Sarah asked. "I think William has developed an excellent plan for making his slaves perform better. I believe I shall use a similar plan with you and Ron. You don't have to acknowledge verbally, just squeeze Julia's right tit if you understand."

Jiao grabbed my right breast, squeezing it. I orgasmed again, whimpering, excreting more cum on Jiao's tongue. When it finally ended, Sarah asked me an additional question.

"What happened to Ed and Rob?"

"It worked out fairly well for them. When Regina told them she she'd asked Bill to accept her slavery, they figured she'd sell the house as she'd be moving in with Bill. Regina hadn't married either of them and she'd paid all the bills while they lived there. They would need to look for a new place to live. It didn't happen. William didn't need Regina's money. It was put in trust for her, with William adding $500,000 a year to it in the event she ever wants to leave him. The trust is managed by Sam Evans and pays the mortgage payment on the house, insurance and taxes. Ed and Rob have to pay upkeep and utilities, but they make enough at their jobs to do that. They couldn't afford to live there otherwise."

Sarah was moaning through another orgasm, so her next question got delayed slightly.

"What are they doing for female companionship?"

"Actually, they started dating two of my employees, Charlotte and Melanie."

"Didn't Melanie have a boyfriend already? I thought she was practically engaged."

"She was. Funny story. You've seen the website for our furniture, haven't you?" 

I sighed through another orgasm myself. Jiao's face was going to be very messy.

"Fuck, yes. Better than most porn sites I've seen. I think I need to order one of your beds, by the way. I'd really like the Alaskan King model since I have two slaves now, but I might need a larger bedroom first. I'll need to take some measurements."

"I'll work you a favorable discount. Anyway, Melanie didn't want her naked figure to be on the website the first day of shooting, so she wore this pretty little pink camisole/tap pants outfit. Of course, the website was a big hit and has a lot of looks. One day, her boyfriend heard about the naked slaves on our website from his buddies and he went to look at it. He didn't recognize Melanie from her naked pictures, because Sean did a good job of making sure we wouldn't be recognized. But he did recognize her outfit, because he gave it to her for Valentine's Day. He confronted her about it and she admitted to being the model in some of the photos, and that she helped make the furniture. She even told him about our cum breaks, and said she only ever received orgasms from females, and it meant nothing to her. 

"It didn't matter what she said, he called her a whore and he left her anyway. For a month or so, she tried female companionship because she did like getting licked by us, but she's not really a lesbian. Lisa introduced her to Rob after Regina left and they started dating. Then Ed met Charlotte through Melanie, and they started dating. Now they're both living in Regina's old house with Ed and Rob along with Charlotte's child. I suspect it's a fairly open relationship with Rob and Ed fucking both of them, and probably making them fuck each other because they always did like watching girls fuck. I've never asked and they've never told me."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"Oh, God! I'm cumming again," Sarah moaned. "Your slave is exquisite. Why don't you stop now, slave, and let us talk. Go sit with your Mistress and I'll sit with my slave. It's hard to hold a conversation when I'm cumming constantly."

"Yes, Mistress."

We switched slaves. Jiao knelt at Sarah's feet. My slave knelt at mine.

"Do you believe you were sufficiently pleasing to our guest, slave?" I asked.

"Yes, Domina. She climaxed multiple times."

"Would you like to be rewarded?"

"Yes, Domina. I'd like to cum please."

"You must earn it by pleasuring me first."

"Yes, Domina." She immediately began the task of making me cum. I sighed. She was so good.

"Tell me more," Sarah said. "I heard William is going to be holding a naked masked ball at his house?"

"A Valentine's Day Costumed Ball next week. I've heard from Evelyn they have some surprises planned. I'm not supposed to know, but she couldn't keep it a secret. All the slaves will put their collars in a big bowl and the blindfolded Dominant's will draw out a collar in an order determined by lots. The slave will belong to the Dominant who draws their collar for the night beginning before the dinner and dance. Since there are more sex slaves than Dominants, they'll cycle through again until all the collars are gone. I could finagle you an invitation if you're interested."

"Very intriguing. Give me a day to think on it. Update me on Shasta?"

"Bill flew her and her family to New York between Thanksgiving and Christmas. They did all the touristy things, like skate at Rockefeller Center and visit the Statue of Liberty. Of course, it was the coldest weather they'd ever been in, but Bill gave both Shasta and Bernice fur coats. He took Cedric to the biggest toy store in New York with his daughter, Madeline, and had them both pick out whatever toy they wanted for Christmas. He told Shasta he was happy Madeline got to meet black people as she didn't associate with minority children often. She and Cedric became bosom buddies while they were there. Bill had to work some of the time, but Evelyn showed them the sights during the day. Bill joined them at night and weekends. They saw some Broadway shows, dined at world class restaurants. Everyone had a good time."

"Did Sean go?"

"No. We couldn't afford to lose both workers as business was already picking up from our website. Shasta and Sean are engaged now, but she keeps putting off the wedding. Every so often, she has to test him, make sure he's not going to try controlling her. She'll fuck some other guy in front of him, but so far, he's adapted to his circumstances and I think they'll eventually get married."

"I heard Sean also fucked Shasta's mother. Do you think that will continue after they wed?"

"I don't know. Bernice might feel differently about fucking Shasta's husband then she does about fucking her slave. She doesn't have to look after Cedric all the time anymore, so she might find her own boyfriend, but who knows. Life takes some strange twists. 

"As you know, we put Shasta in charge of the construction end of our business. She's done a marvelous job and we couldn't do it without her, but we're constrained by our manufacturing facility here. Even though we're just doing king size and larger beds, business is booming. I think a lot of people are at least playing at Dominance and submission. If they have the money, a lot of them are buying our beds because they don't look like bondage furniture. We're starting to get backed up again." 

"What are you doing to fix it?"

"A couple things. Any order we don't think we can build in a reasonable amount of time is getting delivered to Bill's facilities to build, but we have an even better plan for our lack of space; a new house, partly paid for by William. He doesn't want us falling behind on our orders. Our lot is big enough we can put a house twice this size on the property. Master and Bill are going to put a new house on the lot with a much bigger and better equipped fabrication facility downstairs, with lots of sound proofing so we don't bother the neighbors. It would almost work like an assembly line with some top grade woodworking tools. We won't have to use the tools in the garage. Raw materials go straight into the basement and can get worked on down there. 

"The top two floors will be bigger also, with a lot more bedrooms. One kid now, two on the way, lots of guests who visit. We need the space. In order to have more space for the larger house, we'll have to move the pool and hot tub, but we'll do that plus add some more exercise space, including a dojo like place for us to practice martial arts. We'll also have higher privacy fences since everyone is always naked. Master is planning a lot of the same modifications for our house as he made for Bill's. There won't be a room inside that doesn't have a place to punish a naughty slave. Probably places outside too."

I'd had two more orgasms, so I pulled my slave into my lap. She cuddled against my bare breasts. Well, bare except for slave piercings. Since I'd stopped having to breast feed Lucas, I'd had my nipples pierced like Lisa and Rhonda. I began stroking her pussy to give her some orgasms as a reward for being pleasing to me. Unfortunately, as she was going to have a baby, she hadn't gotten any of her slave piercings yet. She did have a tattoo on her mons matching Lisa's and mine. We'd added another vine to ours to signify we now had another slave sister.

"Where will you stay while your new house is built?"

"Chen and Janet have offered some space at their house, but it's not very feasible. They don't have enough room for all of us. Janet had her child so that's one less room they have available. I can't see all of us crowding into two smaller bedrooms. We'd be sitting on top of one another, no matter how convenient it is. We'll probably end up renting a big house. It's not decided yet. Bill is also going to pay for some of the crews from LA who worked on his house to work on ours to get it done faster." 

"I heard Rhonda's on day shift now?"

"Thank the Lord. The staggered sleep schedules were horrible. She got to spend Friday and Saturday with us on our schedule, then back to working nights and sleeping during the day. It sucked. I know it wore her out sometimes. Her sleep is more regular now and we get to play together more frequently."

"How are Scott's Mom and Dad?"

"Doing well. Dan's really improved his poker game. He's been winning slaves some of the time. He allows Sandy to be auctioned off, but sometimes, buys her himself, just so she experiences the thrill of being sold."

Sarah laughed. "How are Wendy and her girlfriend/boyfriend combo doing?"

"Unfortunately, Anthony went into the army. He turned into a real stud and both Shannon and Wendy miss him, though they still get to see him on furloughs. It's been harder for Wendy to deceive her parents now Tony's not part of the group, so when she really wants to fuck Shannon, they usually come here. They're also hoping to find a new boyfriend. Tony doesn't care. He has a very relaxed attitude about sex. I think we rubbed off on them a little. They're searching, but haven't found a replacement yet they both agree on. He has to be both a good fucker and a good cunt licker. Apparently, the combination is somewhat hard to find in their age group. It would be fun to train another male again, but they can probably do it themselves, if they can find someone to listen to their instruction."

Sarah laughed again. "That's hilarious. When's Lisa due?"

"About three weeks after Becky." I rubbed Becky's ripe belly, then wiped a little of the Sarah's and my cum from her face. "Becky conceived at the end of June so she has roughly six or seven weeks left."

"She really is adorable isn't she?"

"Perfectly adorable. She's the only person I've ever met who seems as submissive as I am. She's so eager to please everyone. That's why she's such a talented cunt licker. She strives for perfection to be pleasing." I kissed her and she cuddled me. "Master says she also sucks cock better than anyone her age he ever met. He said it usually takes years of experience to be so good. By the way, we no longer have restrictions about Master fucking only slaves. If you wanted to fuck him, you're welcome."

"I remember when you first invited me here, I thought it was only so he could fuck me. Instead I ended up fucking you and a few others, including Jerry, but he never touched me. Yeah, I could see fucking him now. He certainly gets a lot of practice."

"He's the best lover I know," I said. "We love him dearly."

"So tell me the truth. Did you know Becky wasn't taking birth control when Scott fucked her all weekend?"

"You think I'd set up my Master just because I wanted her as a slave? That would be a very deceptive and shitty thing for a slave to pull on her Master."

"That's what I'm asking."

"I barely knew the girl." I stroked her hair and kissed her again. "I'd spent maybe twelve hours with her before Master started fucking her. How would I know she would become such an ideal slave? Personally, I think it was fate."

"Fate?"

"Yes, fate. Fate she delivered pizzas to our house. Fate she seemed interested enough I wanted to ask her back. Fate she came back despite her fear of doing so. Fate she liked fucking women. Fate she liked fucking men who knew how to fuck. Fate she stopped her birth control. Fate she was careless enough to forget to tell us. Fate Master was fucking her around her ovulation, and fate she caught. Maybe I should add fate Master could accept that accidents happen and add her to our coterie."

"So Scott's forgiven her?"

"How could he not. She's so fucking adorable." I kissed her again and caressed her cunt. "That's not to say there weren't some rough spots. Master insisted she submit practically from the start. I think primarily, he wanted to punish her and felt she needed to be a slave to do so."

"How did he punish her? Did he spank her, whip her, what?" Sarah asked.

"No. He put her on the Slave Trainer for two whole days. He even bought one of the plug-in models from MD so he wouldn't have to change the units when the battery went dead. She was miserable. We had to confine her hands to keep her from masturbating. I gave her like fifteen orgasms as soon as she got off it. Took maybe twenty minutes."

"Any punishments for the rest of you?"

"I got the Slave Trainer for a day, because I was the one who invited her into our home, so he held me more responsible. Rhonda and Lisa both got twelve hours for not thinking to ask themselves. Plus Lisa spanked me. One hundred swats with The Enforcer, though she wasn't as brutal as she could have been."

"Why did she spank you?"

"I was the one who really pushed for Becky joining us for the weekend, and she knew I hoped Becky would eventually join us. She went along even though she had her doubts. Because of the way it happened; Becky getting pregnant instead of all of us agreeing she could join, she was upset. Plus she wasn't the next one to get pregnant, Becky was. We were supposed to be taking turns getting pregnant and it was her turn, but Becky beat her to it. Master said he didn't care if both of them were pregnant at once, so she got to have her baby anyway, but it pissed her off. I don't blame her."

"What about Scott? He could have asked himself?"

"He could have. He did blame himself for not thinking to ask. Said his dick took over for his brain."

"Like half the men on the planet," Sarah opined. "He couldn't wear a Slave Trainer himself. Who punished him for fucking up, or did he get off Scott free? Pardon the pun."

"His father, Dan. Gave him a walloping on his bare ass so hard he couldn't sit down for hours."

Becky giggled. "We all watched, Mistress. I'd never seen a grown man get smacked like a little boy before. I had a lot of respect for Master realizing he should be punished too. Almost made two days on the Slave Trainer worth it. Almost. Watching him take his whacking, made me realize I could be a sex slave. I probably already was in my heart. I wanted to obey when Domina and Master told me to do things. I did obey, but I'd been afraid of being punished. I realized it wouldn't be as bad as I thought it was, and it hasn't been."

"So is Becky your slave or Scott's?"

"Ultimately, we're all Scott's, but I trained her and Master told me I'm responsible for her. But she's pretty much submissive to everyone here, even Rhonda."

"So all's well that ends well."

"It's ended well. I have no complaints," I said. "I do have one more piece of news."

"What's that?"

"William Thornhill is thinking of buying himself a 500 million dollar yacht. He thinks we should all go on a month long cruise to Bora Bora or someplace exotic."

"Who's we?"

"Well, him, Evelyn and Regina, of course. All of us, including Master's parents. Jerry and Chen and theirs, Sam Evans and his slaves, Brianna and some of her slaves. Shasta and her family, although Cedric might be too old to see some of the things I expect on this cruise. I don't know if he would invite the rest of the poker group or if he only wants the Dominants and submissives to go. Right now, it's a question of logistics for all of the people involved. We'd have to shut down our company for the whole time. Alice might be the only employee who didn't go if the poker group got invited. Of course, Bill's furniture company is capable of building our other beds as well, so we could take the vacation if we needed to. We'd have to wait for a few months after Lisa and Becky deliver, and who looks after the kids? Maybe we'd drop them all off at Brianna's. They have a multitude of children there now. Someone would have to manage Master's and Chen's businesses. Rhonda and Marcia would both need leaves of absence from their jobs. I don't know if they can take a month's vacation. It might have to be something shorter, but everyone is excited about the possibility."

"I would be too. It sounds fabulous."

"I look at it like a month of almost unlimited fucking. No work and all play. What could be better than that?" 

My facile fingers were making Becky cum. She gasped and reached for my face to kiss me. I let her.

******

THE END or is it.

A few words about my writing process. According to the word count on this writing program, I've done about one million, fifty thousand words on Scott, Julia and Lisa. It was not intended to be a War and Peace of porn. Originally, it was going to be much shorter than it is. The idea for this book came from my wife being fascinated with some of the books Julia found herself fascinated by. That's not to say my wife is Julia and I'm Scott. Nothing remotely like this ever happened to us. But it is a What If moment. What if someone liked the Reverse Harem slavery novels and a husband was open to the idea. So I had the idea for the book, the first couple chapters and maybe what I'd like the ending to be, then I started writing, not really knowing where it's going to end up. I let the various characters speak to me. If something happens along the way, how does that character respond and how do the others respond in response. 

It's how Lisa and Rhonda get involved. Lisa, the helpful, divorced, next door neighbor who plays poker. What is her reaction to what's happening to her neighbor. How does she react when Julia ends up licking her at the poker game, especially as she's not getting much sex herself. And Rhonda, the lesbian police officer; tough, competent, desiring a relationship with Lucia, but can't have one because the tough, competent Lucia belongs to another.

And Cindy, Scott's sister. At some point, we find out Scott has a sister, but she's not really in the picture. Why not? She lives far away and they don't really speak or communicate with one another. Why is that? Scott's close to his parents, close to his friends, but not his sister, who is near him in age. Julia doesn't know, nor does Scott seem to know. They were close once, but not now. So things start to percolate. Of course, this is an erotic literature site, so what might the sexual motivations be? It could be a few different things. Cindy molested by her father, who hasn't shown himself to be that sort of person, maybe molested by one of Scott's friends a long time ago, but Scott doesn't know. Cindy seemed to disappear from Scott's life when he got married. Why then? To me, Cindy seemed to saying there was a taboo sort of love with her brother, never acted upon, but unrequited love. So that's the way I went with it. 

Then Julia learns of this, realizes how much she and Cindy are similar to one another in appearance. How does she respond? Is she angry? Does she think of herself as a pale imitation of Cindy, and Scott married her because he couldn't have his sister? How does it make her feel? Especially, after she's realized her own submissive nature. Does it make a difference to her? Is she concerned for herself or her husband? In my mind, it went a certain way; the way I portrayed it.

Which brings up another point about my writing process. I don't like just throwing out total fabrications. If Cindy and Scott are going to do something of a sexual nature, how bad will it be? Since he's living with a police officer, Rhonda: wouldn't she have to arrest the perpetrators of any crime she's aware of? So, I looked up the laws regarding incest in California, since I don't live there. Ah ha! It's not incest in California unless there is vaginal penetration, at least in 2019 when I wrote about Cindy. If you don't believe me, look it up yourself. That means, this story can go in different directions than I originally conceived it. Because if it applies to Scott and Cindy, it also apples to Dan and Cindy, and Scott and Sandy, or any other familial relationship. I hadn't looked it up prior to writing about the Memorial Day bash which is why they're so careful not to commit what I considered incest then as later when I had looked it up. The difference was the addition of Rhonda to the story. Having her as a police officer in it means I need to know. So what does that knowledge mean for the characters? That's not to say there isn't an ick factor created by perceived incest even if it were legal. By the comments I receive, people weren't fond of California laws, on the whole, or at least the ones who did hate it, expressed it more. 

Jack is another character who began as a mention. The idiot who divorces Lisa, then rapes our two primary slaves. He was a fool to leave her in the first place for no apparent reason. What would he do when he realized how foolish he'd been, seeing his wife so happy not just with another man, but a woman besides. 

I also like an element of realism in my stories. Fresno is an obvious real location, with real stores, restaurants, streets, etc. Luigi's is totally made up, a combination of various Italian restaurants I've been to over the years. Trelio's is a real Fresno, high end restaurant, but what happens there is a total fabrication. So is Studio 65 dance studio, which specializes in Latin dancing, but what it looks like and who works there are fabrications. Don't go asking to dance with Ricardo. He's made up. All the people are made up.

The streets I named in Fresno when the gang is tailing Alice's husband are real streets, as are the apartments they found him at, but the rest is malarkey. The Pacific Crest trail is a real trail, but I have no clue if you'd ever see a body of water where Scott, Julia and Lisa rest and play with Sarah. I'm thinking Scott and Julia reside on the East side of Fresno, near Clovis, closer to Yosemite, but it's an imaginary street in a nice neighborhood. The sex toys I talk about are real with the exception of the Slave Trainer. I've used a few, but not nearly all of them, and I don't know how well they all work. If you do some web searches, you sometimes see what appear to be some of the toys described being used by others. I've seen a video by a group called Videodrome on MeWe which appears to be using a Silhouette or Impulse or similar, which is amazing. It's where I conceived of the Impulse scene with Becky.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
That brings me to Becky. Becky was not even a gleam in my eye when I started this story, which means the ending has totally changed by the time I get to it. She's a random person who delivers a pizza towards the end of the book. Becky wouldn't leave me alone. 'Please tell more about me,' she said. So pizza delivery girl, how old are you? What's your background? What kind of person are you? Why are you begging for your story to be told? How do you fit in with all the other characters? I have my ending and it's different from how it began.

Of all the characters in all the stories I've written, Sam of WBDP and TOS is probably most like me. Not me, but most like me. This doesn't mean I've done any of the things Sam has, though there was a diet plan, conceived by my wife. There are pieces of me in all the characters, for in order to imagine them, I have to know them. And the only way to know them is know myself. I'm a complex person. Because I might think something at one point in time, doesn't mean I've done anything in any point of time, nor that I would still think the same thing now as I did forty years ago. But I probably thought about it once upon a time. I think that's why some of the characters beg to be written, because it was a thought I had, once upon a time, which needs to be brought to some conclusion. Just like a wife reading sexy slavery novels. If you're one of the people who read all one million plus words; congratulations or I'm sorry. Congratulations on your dogged determination or I'm sorry you have nothing better to do with your life than read my musings. Take care and God bless.